<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-033017.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-033017.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408160542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-033017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lucid Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001811210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				850891392
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39408
		FILM NUMBER:		25821960

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 GATEWAY BLVD.
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 648-3553

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 GATEWAY BLVD.
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Churchill Capital Corp IV
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Annetta Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200504
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511638d2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000181121000018112102025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
April 2, 2025

Lucid
Group, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-39408 85-0891392

(State or other jurisdiction
of 

incorporation or organization) (Commission File 

Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification
No.)

7373
Gateway Boulevard

Newark,
CA 94560

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (510)
648-3553

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share LCID The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into or Amendment of a Material Definitive Agreement.

5.00% Convertible Senior Notes
due 2030

On April 8, 2025, Lucid Group, Inc.
(Lucid or the Company) completed its previously disclosed Rule 144A private
offering of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Base
Notes) at an issue price of 100%. Lucid granted the initial purchasers an option to purchase, for settlement within a 13-day period
beginning on, and including, the date Lucid first issued the Base Notes, up to an additional $100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of
notes, on the same terms and conditions (the Additional Notes and, together with the Base Notes, the notes).
On April 3, 2025, the initial purchasers elected to exercise the option to purchase the Additional Notes in full, and a total of
$1,100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of notes were issued on April 8, 2025. The notes were offered only to persons reasonably
believed to be qualified institutional buyers (as defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act)) pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

The net proceeds from the offering were approximately
$1,082.2 million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, but before
deducting the cost of the Capped Call Transactions (as defined below). Lucid used the net proceeds from the notes offering (i) to
fund the approximate $118.3 million cost of entering into the Capped Call Transactions and (ii) to fund repurchases of approximately $1,052.5
million in aggregate principal amount of its 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 notes) for approximately
$935.6 million. Lucid intends to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes.

Capped Call Transactions

On April 2, 2025, in connection with the
pricing of the Base Notes, Lucid entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Base Capped Call Transactions)
with certain of the initial purchasers of the notes or their respective affiliates and certain other financial institutions (collectively,
the Counterparties). On April 3, 2025, in connection with the initial purchasers exercise of their
option to purchase the Additional Notes, Lucid entered into privately negotiated additional capped call transactions (the Additional
Capped Call Transactions, and together with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the Capped Call Transactions)
with the Counterparties. The Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable
to the notes, approximately 366.67 million shares of Lucids Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Lucids
common stock), the same number of shares of Lucids common stock initially underlying the notes. The Capped Call
Transactions have an expiration date of April 1, 2030.

The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally
to reduce the potential dilution to Lucids common stock upon conversion of the notes and/or offset any cash payments that Lucid
could be required to make in excess of the principal amount of any converted notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market price
per share of Lucids common stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions, is greater than the strike price
of the Capped Call Transactions, which initially corresponds to the initial conversion price of the notes, or approximately $3.00 per
share of Lucids common stock, and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion
rate of the notes. If, however, the market price of Lucids common stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions,
exceeds the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions, there would nevertheless be dilution and/or there would not be an offset of such
potential cash payments, in each case, to the extent that such market price exceeds the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions, which
is initially $4.80 per share of Lucids common stock and is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments.

The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions,
entered into by Lucid with each of the Counterparties, and are not part of the terms of the notes. Holders of the notes will not have
any rights with respect to the Capped Call Transactions.

In connection with establishing their initial
hedges of the Capped Call Transactions, Lucid expects the Counterparties or their respective affiliates to enter into various derivative
transactions with respect to Lucids common stock and/or purchase Lucids common stock concurrently with or shortly after
the pricing of the notes. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of Lucids common
stock or the notes at that time.

2

In addition, the Counterparties or their respective
affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to Lucids common stock
and/or purchasing or selling Lucids common stock or other securities of Lucid in secondary market transactions following the pricing
of the notes and prior to the maturity of the notes (and may do so in connection with any repurchase of the notes and/or during any observation
period related to a conversion of notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of Lucids
common stock or the notes, which could affect noteholders ability to convert the notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during
any observation period related to a conversion of the notes, it could affect the number of shares and value of the consideration that
noteholders will receive upon conversion of the notes.

The form of the confirmation for the Capped Call
Transactions entered into with each of the Counterparties is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
The foregoing description of the Capped Call Transactions does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to such exhibit.

Indenture

Lucid issued the notes under an indenture, dated
as of April 8, 2025 (the Indenture), between Lucid and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee (the Trustee). The Indenture (which includes the Form of 5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due
2030 filed as Exhibit 4.2 hereto) is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

The notes bear interest at a rate of 5.00% per
annum from and including April 8, 2025, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning
on October 1, 2025. The notes will mature on April 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed by Lucid or converted in
accordance with their terms prior to such date.

The notes will be convertible into cash, shares
of Lucids common stock, or a combination thereof, at Lucids election at an initial conversion rate of 333.3333 shares of
Lucids common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $3.00 per
share of Lucids common stock. The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events,
but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, if a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in Section 1.01
of the Indenture) occurs, Lucid will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for any notes converted in connection with
such Make-Whole Fundamental Change.

The notes are convertible at the option of the
holders (in whole or in part) at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding January 1, 2030
only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after
the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025, if the last reported sale price per share of Lucids common stock exceeds 130%
of the conversion price for each of at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last
trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the five consecutive business days immediately after any 10
consecutive trading day period (such 10 consecutive trading day period, the measurement period) in which the trading price
per $1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported
sale price per share of Lucids common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the
occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on Lucids common stock as set forth in the Indenture; and (4) if Lucid
calls such notes for redemption. From, and including, January 1, 2030 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading
day immediately before the maturity date, holders may convert their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon
conversion, Lucid will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of Lucids common stock or a combination of cash and shares
of Lucids common stock, at Lucids election, in amounts determined in the manner set forth in the Indenture.

The notes are not redeemable prior to April 6,
2028. Lucid may redeem for cash all or some portion of the notes (subject to a limitation on partial redemption), at Lucids option,
on or after April 6, 2028 and on or before the 31st scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if certain liquidity
conditions are satisfied and the last reported sale price of Lucids common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price
then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) (including the trading day immediately preceding the date on
which Lucid provides notice of redemption) during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately
preceding the date on which Lucid provides a notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the
notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the notes.

3

If Lucid undergoes a Fundamental Change (as defined
in Section 1.01 of the Indenture), except as described in the Indenture, holders may require Lucid to repurchase for cash all or
part of their notes in authorized denominations at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased,
plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change repurchase date.

The notes will be senior unsecured obligations
of Lucid and will rank senior in right of payment to any of Lucids indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment
to the notes equal in right of payment to any of Lucids unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated effectively
subordinated to any of Lucids secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and
structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of Lucids subsidiaries.

The Indenture contains customary terms and covenants,
including that upon certain events of default, including cross-acceleration to certain other indebtedness of the Company and certain of
its subsidiaries, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the notes then outstanding may
declare the unpaid principal of the notes and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon immediately due and payable. In the case of
certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to the Company, the principal amount of the notes together with accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, thereon will automatically become and be immediately due and payable.

The notes will not be listed on any securities
exchange.

The descriptions of the Indenture and the notes
contained herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the Indenture and the Form of certificate representing
the 5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030, which are attached as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The notes were issued to the initial purchasers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act, in transactions not involving any public offering. The notes were initially resold by the initial purchasers to persons
whom the initial purchasers reasonably believe are qualified institutional buyers, as defined in, and in accordance with,
Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of Lucids common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the notes will
be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its
security holders. Initially, a maximum of 458,333,260 shares of Lucids common stock may be issued upon conversion of the notes,
based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 416.6666 shares of Lucids common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which
is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 2, 2025, the Company issued a press
release relating to the pricing of its offering of the notes to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities
Act. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference
into this Item 8.01.

Repurchases of 2026 Notes

On April 2, 2025, contemporaneously with
the pricing of the notes, Lucid entered into privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 notes to repurchase approximately
$1,052.5 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes on terms that were negotiated with each holder (each, a note
repurchase), using approximately $935.6 million of the net proceeds of the offering of the notes. The terms of each note
repurchase were individually negotiated with each holder of 2026 notes and depended on several factors, including the market price of
Lucids common stock and the trading price of the 2026 notes at the time of each such note repurchase.

4

Lucid expects that holders of the 2026 notes that
sell their 2026 notes to Lucid in any note repurchase transaction may enter into or unwind various derivatives with respect to Lucids
common stock and/or purchase or sell shares of Lucids common stock in the market to hedge their exposure in connection with these
transactions. In particular, Lucid expects that many holders of the 2026 notes employ a convertible arbitrage strategy with respect to
the 2026 notes and have a hedge position with respect to Lucids common stock that they would close, through purchases of Lucids
common stock and/or the entry into or unwind of economically equivalent derivatives transactions with respect to Lucids common
stock, in connection with Lucids repurchase of their 2026 notes for cash. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any
decrease in) the market price of Lucids common stock or the notes at that time and could result in a higher effective conversion
price for the notes.

Ayar Prepaid Forward Transaction

In connection with the pricing of the notes, Ayar
Third Investment Company (Ayar), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Public Investment Fund, the sovereign wealth
fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, entered into a privately negotiated prepaid forward transaction (the prepaid forward
transaction) with a forward counterparty that is an affiliate of one of the initial purchasers of the notes (the forward
counterparty), pursuant to which Ayar will purchase approximately $430.0 million of Lucids common stock (based on
the last reported sale price on The Nasdaq Global Select Market of $2.40 per share of Lucids common stock on April 2, 2025)
with delivery expected to occur on or about the maturity date for the notes, subject to the ability of the forward counterparty to elect
to settle all or a portion of the prepaid forward transaction early. Under the terms of the prepaid forward transaction, subject to the
conditions set forth in the agreement governing the prepaid forward transaction, Ayar will have to the option to elect to physically settle
or cash settle the prepaid forward transaction. Subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement governing the prepaid forward transaction,
the prepaid forward transaction will be settled physically, subject to Ayars option to elect cash settlement of the prepaid forward
transaction.

The prepaid forward transaction is generally intended
to facilitate privately negotiated derivative transactions, including swaps, between the forward counterparty or its affiliates and investors
in the notes relating to Lucids common stock by which investors in the notes will hedge their investments in the notes. As a result,
the prepaid forward transaction is expected to allow the investors to establish hedge positions that generally correspond to (but may
be greater than) commercially reasonable initial hedges of their investment in the notes. In the event of such greater initial hedges,
investors may offset such greater portion by purchasing shares of Lucids common stock on or shortly after the pricing date of the
notes. In connection with establishing their initial hedge of the prepaid forward transaction, the forward counterparty or its affiliates
may enter into one or more derivative transactions with respect to Lucids common stock with the investors of the notes concurrently
with or after the pricing of the notes. None of Lucid, Ayar or the forward counterparty will control how investors of the notes may use
such derivative transactions. Any such trades by the forward counterparty or its affiliates would be on a principal basis and without
any agreement, arrangement or understanding between, or with, Ayar or Lucid on how those parties would hedge their own positions.

Ayars entry into the prepaid forward transaction
with the forward counterparty and the entry by the forward counterparty into derivative transactions in respect of Lucids common
stock with the investors of the notes, particularly if investors purchase shares of Lucids common stock on or shortly after the
pricing date as described above, could have the effect of increasing (or reducing the size of any decrease in) the market price of Lucids
common stock concurrently with, or shortly after, the pricing of the notes and effectively raising the initial conversion price of the
notes.

In addition, such investors may enter into other
transactions relating to Lucids common stock or the notes in connection with or in addition to such derivative transactions, including
the purchase or sale of shares of Lucids common stock. As a result, the existence of the prepaid forward transaction, such derivative
transactions and any related market activity could cause more purchases or sales of shares of Lucids common stock over the term
of the prepaid forward transaction than there otherwise would have been had Ayar not entered into the prepaid forward transaction. Such
purchases or sales could potentially increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) or decrease (or reduce the size of any increase
in) the market price of Lucids common stock and/or the price of the notes.

5

The forward counterparty or its affiliates may
also modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding one or more derivative transactions with respect to Lucids common
stock and/or purchasing or selling shares of Lucids common stock or other securities of Lucid in secondary market transactions
at any time following the pricing of the notes and prior to the maturity of the notes. These activities could also cause or avoid an
increase or a decrease in the market price of Lucids common stock or the notes, which could affect the ability of noteholders
to convert the notes and, to the extent the activity occurs following conversion or during any observation period related to a conversion
of notes, it could affect the amount and value of the consideration that noteholders will receive upon conversion of the notes.

Lucid is not a party to the prepaid forward transaction.
In connection with Ayar agreeing to enter into and fund the prepaid forward transaction, Lucid has agreed to pay a periodic cash fee to
Ayar, which shall initially accrue at a rate of 0.5% per annum on the amount of prepaid forward transaction and be recalculated to reflect
any early settlement of the prepaid forward transaction.

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor
the press release constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the notes or the shares of Lucids common
stock, if any, issuable upon conversion of the notes.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 8, 2025, between Lucid Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.2 Form of certificate representing the 5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1).

10.1 Form of Capped Call Confirmation. 

99.1 Press Release, dated April 2, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

6

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 8, 2025

Lucid Group, Inc.

By: /s/ Taoufiq Boussaid

Name: Taoufiq Boussaid

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511638d2_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

LUCID GROUP, INC.

and

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association

as Trustee

INDENTURE

Dated as of April 8, 2025

5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article 1 Definitions; Rules of Construction 1

Section 1.01. Definitions 1

Section 1.02. Other Definitions 13

Section 1.03. Rules of Construction 13

Article 2 The Notes 14

Section 2.01. Form, Dating and Denominations 14

Section 2.02. Execution, Authentication and Delivery 15

Section 2.03. Initial Notes and Additional Notes 15

Section 2.04. Method of Payment 16

Section 2.05. Accrual of Interest; Defaulted Amounts; When Payment Date is Not a Business Day 16

Section 2.06. Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent 17

Section 2.07. Paying Agent and Conversion Agent to Hold Property in Trust 18

Section 2.08. Holder Lists 19

Section 2.09. Legends 19

Section 2.10. Transfers and Exchanges; Certain Transfer Restrictions 20

Section 2.11. Exchange and Cancellation of Notes to Be Converted, Redeemed or Repurchased 25

Section 2.12. Replacement Notes 26

Section 2.13. Registered Holders; Certain Rights with Respect to Global Notes 26

Section 2.14. Cancellation 26

Section 2.15. Notes Held by the Company or its Affiliates 27

Section 2.16. Temporary Notes 27

Section 2.17. Outstanding Notes 27

Section 2.18. Repurchases by the Company 28

Section 2.19. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 28

Article 3 Covenants 28

Section 3.01. Payment on Notes 28

Section 3.02. Exchange Act Reports 29

Section 3.03. Rule 144A Information 29

Section 3.04. Additional Interest 30

Section 3.05. Compliance and Default Certificates 30

Section 3.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 31

Article 4 Repurchase and Redemption 31

Section 4.01. No Sinking Fund 31

Section 4.02. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes upon a Fundamental Change 31

Section 4.03. Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes 36

- i -

Article 5 Conversion 39

Section 5.01. Right to Convert 39

Section 5.02. Conversion Procedures 43

Section 5.03. Settlement upon Conversion 45

Section 5.04. Reserve and Status of Common Stock Issued upon Conversion 48

Section 5.05. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate 49

Section 5.06. Voluntary Adjustments 59

Section 5.07. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate in Connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change 60

Section 5.08. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 61

Section 5.09. Effect of Common Stock Change Event 62

Article 6 Successors 64

Section 6.01. When the Company May Merge, Etc. 64

Section 6.02. Successor Entity Substituted 64

Section 6.03. Exclusion for Asset Transfers with Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 64

Article 7 Defaults and Remedies 65

Section 7.01. Events of Default 65

Section 7.02. Acceleration 67

Section 7.03. Sole Remedy for a Failure to Report 67

Section 7.04. Other Remedies 69

Section 7.05. Waiver of Past Defaults 69

Section 7.06. Control by Majority 69

Section 7.07. Limitation on Suits 70

Section 7.08. Absolute Right of Holders to Institute Suit for the Enforcement of the Right to Receive Payment and Conversion Consideration 70

Section 7.09. Collection Suit by Trustee 70

Section 7.10. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 71

Section 7.11. Priorities 71

Section 7.12. Undertaking for Costs 72

Article 8 Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 72

Section 8.01. Without the Consent of Holders 72

Section 8.02. With the Consent of Holders 73

Section 8.03. Notice of Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 74

Section 8.04. Revocation, Effect and Solicitation of Consents; Special Record Dates; Etc. 74

Section 8.05. Notations and Exchanges 75

Section 8.06. Trustee to Execute Supplemental Indentures 75

Article 9 Satisfaction and Discharge 75

Section 9.01. Termination of Companys Obligations 75

Section 9.02. Repayment to Company 76

Section 9.03. Reinstatement 76

- ii -

Article 10 Trustee 77

Section 10.01. Duties of the Trustee 77

Section 10.02. Rights of the Trustee 78

Section 10.03. Individual Rights of the Trustee 80

Section 10.04. Trustees Disclaimer 80

Section 10.05. Notice of Defaults 80

Section 10.06. Compensation and Indemnity 80

Section 10.07. Replacement of the Trustee 81

Section 10.08. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 82

Section 10.09. Eligibility; Disqualification 82

Article 11 Miscellaneous 83

Section 11.01. Notices 83

Section 11.02. Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as to Conditions Precedent 84

Section 11.03. Statements Required in Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel 85

Section 11.04. Rules by the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent 85

Section 11.05. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 85

Section 11.06. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial 85

Section 11.07. Submission to Jurisdiction 86

Section 11.08. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 86

Section 11.09. Successors 86

Section 11.10. Force Majeure 86

Section 11.11. U.S.A. PATRIOT Act 86

Section 11.12. Calculations 87

Section 11.13. Severability 87

Section 11.14. Counterparts 87

Section 11.15. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 88

Section 11.16. Withholding Taxes 88

Exhibits

Exhibit A:
Form of Note A-1

Exhibit B-1: Form of
Restricted Note Legend B1-1

Exhibit B-2: Form of
Global Note Legend B2-1

Exhibit B-3: Form of
Non-Affiliate Legend B3-1

- iii -

INDENTURE, dated as
of April 8, 2025, between Lucid Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company), and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee).

Each party to this Indenture
(as defined below) agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined
below) of the Companys 5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes).

Article 1 Definitions;
Rules of Construction

Section 1.01.
Definitions.

Additional Interest
means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to Section 3.04.

Affiliate
has the meaning set forth in Rule 144 as in effect on the Issue Date.

Authorized Denomination
means, with respect to a Note, a principal amount thereof equal to $1,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Bankruptcy Law
means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. law for the relief of debtors.

Bid Solicitation
Agent means the Person who is required to obtain bids for the Trading Price in accordance with Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and
the definition of Trading Price. The initial Bid Solicitation Agent on the Issue Date will be the Company; provided,
however, that the Company may appoint any other Person (including any of the Companys Subsidiaries) to be the Bid Solicitation
Agent at any time after the Issue Date without prior notice to the Holders.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act on behalf of such board.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law
or executive order to close or be closed.

Capital Stock
of any Person means any and all shares of, interests in, rights to purchase, warrants or options for, participations in, or other equivalents
of, in each case however designated, the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Close of Business
means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Common Stock
means the Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company, subject to Section 5.09.

Company
means the Person named as such in the first paragraph of this Indenture and, subject to Article 6,
its successors and assigns.

Company Order
means a written request or order signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers and delivered to the Trustee.

- 1 -

Conversion Date
means, with respect to a Note, the first Business Day on which the requirements set forth in Section 5.02(A) to
convert such Note are satisfied, subject to Section 5.03(C).

Conversion Price
means, as of any time, an amount equal to (A) one thousand dollars ($1,000) divided by (B) the Conversion Rate in effect
at such time.

Conversion Rate
initially means 333.3333 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that the Conversion
Rate is subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 5;
provided, further, that whenever this Indenture refers to the Conversion Rate as of a particular date without setting forth
a particular time on such date, such reference will be deemed to be to the Conversion Rate immediately after the Close of Business on
such date.

Conversion Share
means any share of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of any Note.

Daily Cash Amount
means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, the lesser of (A) the applicable Daily Maximum Cash Amount; and (B) the Daily Conversion
Value for such VWAP Trading Day.

Daily Conversion
Value means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, one-thirtieth (1/30th) of the product of (A) the Conversion Rate on
such VWAP Trading Day; and (B) the Daily VWAP per share of Common Stock on such VWAP Trading Day.

Daily Maximum Cash
Amount means, with respect to the conversion of any Note, the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the Specified Dollar Amount
applicable to such conversion by (B) thirty (30).

Daily Share Amount
means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the excess, if any, of the Daily Conversion Value
for such VWAP Trading Day over the applicable Daily Maximum Cash Amount by (B) the Daily VWAP for such VWAP Trading Day. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Daily Share Amount will be zero for such VWAP Trading Day if such Daily Conversion Value does not exceed such
Daily Maximum Cash Amount.

Daily VWAP
means, for any VWAP Trading Day, the per share volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock as displayed under the heading Bloomberg
VWAP on Bloomberg page LCID AQR (or, if such page is not available, its equivalent successor
page) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session
on such VWAP Trading Day (or, if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of Common Stock on such
VWAP Trading Day, determined, using a volume-weighted average price method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking
firm selected by the Company, which may be any of the Initial Purchasers). The Daily VWAP will be determined without regard to after-hours
trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session.

- 2 -

Default
means any event that is (or, after notice, passage of time or both, would be) an Event of Default.

Default Settlement
Method means Physical Settlement; provided, however, that (A) the Company may, from time to time, change
the Default Settlement Method by (x) sending notice of the new Default Settlement Method to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion
Agent and (y) by disclosing the new Default Settlement Method on its website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K (or any successor
form) that is filed with, or furnished to, the SEC; and (B) the Default Settlement Method will be subject to Section 5.03(A)(ii).

Depositary
means The Depository Trust Company or its successor.

Depositary Participant
means any member of, or participant in, the Depositary.

Depositary Procedures
means, with respect to any conversion, transfer, exchange or transaction involving a Global Note or any beneficial interest therein, the
rules and procedures of the Depositary applicable to such conversion, transfer, exchange or transaction.

Ex-Dividend Date
means, with respect to an issuance, dividend or distribution on the Common Stock, the first date on which shares of Common Stock trade
on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance, dividend or distribution
(including pursuant to due bills or similar arrangements required by the relevant stock exchange). For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative
trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number
will not be considered regular way for this purpose.

Exchange Act
means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exempted Fundamental
Change means any Fundamental Change with respect to which, in accordance with Section 4.02(I),
the Company does not offer to repurchase any Notes.

Family Member
means, with respect to any natural person, the spouse, domestic partner, parents, grandparents, lineal descendants, siblings and lineal
descendants of siblings of such natural person. For purposes of this definition, lineal descendants include adopted persons, but only
if such adopted persons were adopted while a minor.

Freely Tradable
means, with respect to any security of the Company, that such security would be eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred
pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise if held by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company, and that has not been an Affiliate
of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability
of current public information or notice under the Securities Act (except that any such requirement as to the availability of current public
information will be disregarded if the same is satisfied at that time).

- 3 -

Fundamental Change
means any of the following events:

(A) a
person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the (w) Company,
(x) its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, (y) their respective employee benefit plans or (z) any Permitted Party or any person
or group consisting solely of Permitted Parties, files any report with the SEC indicating that such person or group has
become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (as defined below) of shares of the Common Stock representing more than fifty
percent (50%) of the voting power of all of the Companys then-outstanding Common Stock;

(B) the
consummation of (i) any sale, lease or other transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person, other than solely to one or more of the Companys
Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; or (ii) any transaction or series of related transactions in connection with which (whether by means of
merger, consolidation, share exchange, combination, reclassification, recapitalization, acquisition, liquidation or otherwise) all of
the Common Stock is exchanged for, converted into, acquired for, or constitutes solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or
other property; provided, however, that any merger, consolidation, share exchange or combination of the Company pursuant
to which the Persons that directly or indirectly beneficially owned (as defined below) all classes of the Companys
common equity immediately before such transaction directly or indirectly beneficially own, immediately after such transaction,
more than fifty percent (50%) of all classes of common equity of the surviving, continuing or acquiring company or other transferee, as
applicable, or the parent thereof, in substantially the same proportions vis--vis each other as immediately before such transaction
will be deemed not to be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (B);

(C) the
Companys stockholders approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(D) the
Common Stock ceases to be listed on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market or The
Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their respective successors);

provided, however, that a transaction
or event described in clause (A) or (B) above will not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least ninety percent
(90%) of the consideration received or to be received by the holders of Common Stock (excluding cash payments for fractional shares or
pursuant to dissenters rights), in connection with such transaction or event, consists of shares of common stock listed on any of The
New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market or The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their respective
successors), or that will be so listed when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or event, and such transaction or
event constitutes a Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists of such consideration.

If any transaction in which
the Common Stock is replaced by the securities of another entity occurs, following completion of any related Make-Whole Fundamental Change
Conversion Period (or, in the case of a transaction that would have been a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change but for
the proviso to the immediately preceding paragraph, following the effective date of such transaction), references to the Company for purposes
of this definition shall instead be references to such other entity.

- 4 -

For the purposes of this definition,
(x) any transaction or event described in both clause (A) and in clause (B)(i) or (ii) above
(without regard to the proviso in clause (B)) will be deemed to occur solely pursuant to clause (B) above (subject
to such proviso); and (y) whether a Person is a beneficial owner, whether shares are beneficially
owned, and percentage beneficial ownership, will be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date means the date fixed for the repurchase of any Notes by the Company pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental
Change.

Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice means a notice (including a notice substantially in the form of the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice set forth in Exhibit A) containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth
in Section 4.02(F)(i) and Section 4.02(F)(ii).

Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price means the cash price payable by the Company to repurchase any Note upon its Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change,
calculated pursuant to Section 4.02(D).

Global Note
means a Note that is represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A, registered in the name
of the Depositary or its nominee, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, and deposited with the Trustee, as custodian
for the Depositary.

Global Note Legend
means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-2.

Holder
means a person in whose name a Note is registered on the Registrars books.

Indenture
means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Initial Purchasers
means the Initial Purchasers set forth in Schedule A to the Purchase Agreement.

Interest Payment
Date means, with respect to a Note, each April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (or
commencing on such other date specified in the certificate representing such Note). For the avoidance of doubt, the Maturity Date is an
Interest Payment Date.

Issue Date
means April 8, 2025.

Last Original Issue
Date means (A) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including any Notes issued pursuant
to the exercise of the Shoe Option by the Initial Purchasers), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof,
the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii) the last date any Notes are originally issued pursuant to the exercise of the Shoe
Option; and (B) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.03(B),
and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, either (i) the later of (x) the date such Notes are originally
issued and (y) the last date any Notes are originally issued as part of the same offering pursuant to the exercise of an option
granted to the initial purchaser(s) of such Notes to purchase additional Notes; or (ii) such other date as is specified in
an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee before the original issuance of such Notes.

- 5 -

Last Reported Sale
Price of the Common Stock for any Trading Day means the closing sale price per share (or, if no closing sale price is reported,
the average of the last bid price and the last ask price per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average last
bid prices and the average last ask prices per share) of Common Stock on such Trading Day as reported in composite transactions for the
principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. If the Common Stock is not listed on
a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the last quoted bid price
per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization.
If the Common Stock is not so quoted on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the average of the mid-point of the
last bid price and the last ask price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day from a nationally recognized independent investment
banking firm selected by the Company, which may be any of the Initial Purchasers. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have
any duty to determine the Last Reported Sale Price.

The Liquidity Conditions
with respect to the Redemption of any Notes will be satisfied if each of the following has been satisfied as of the Redemption Notice
Date for such Redemption and is reasonably expected to continue to be satisfied through at least the thirtieth (30th) calendar day after
the Redemption Date for such Redemption: (A) the Company has satisfied the reporting conditions set forth in Rule 144(c) and
Rule 144(i)(2) under the Securities Act; and (B) the shares of Common Stock, if any, issued or issuable upon conversion
of the Notes are Freely Tradable; provided, however, that the Liquidity Conditions will also be deemed to be satisfied
with respect to such Redemption if, in accordance with Section 5.03(A)(i)(3),
the Company has elected to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs during the related Redemption Conversion
Period by Cash Settlement.

Make-Whole Fundamental
Change means (A) a Fundamental Change (determined after giving effect to the proviso immediately after clause (D) of
the definition thereof, but without regard to the proviso to clause (B)(ii) of such definition); or (B) the sending
of a Redemption Notice pursuant to Section 4.03(G); provided, however, that, subject to Section 4.03(J),
the sending of a Redemption Notice will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called
pursuant to Section 4.03(J)) for Redemption pursuant
to such Redemption Notice and not with respect to any other Notes.

Make-Whole Fundamental
Change Conversion Period has the following meaning:

(A) in
the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof, the period from, and including, the
Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change to, and including, the thirty-fifth (35th) Trading
Day after such Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date (or, if such Make-Whole Fundamental Change also constitutes a Fundamental
Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date); and

- 6 -

(B) in
the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the related Redemption Conversion Period;

provided, however, that if the
Conversion Date for the conversion of a Note that is called (or deemed, pursuant to Section 4.03(J),
to be called) for Redemption occurs during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period for both a Make-Whole Fundamental Change
occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition of Make-Whole Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental
Change resulting from such Redemption pursuant to clause (B) of such definition, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in Section 5.07, solely for purposes of such conversion,
(x) such Conversion Date will be deemed to occur solely during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period for the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change with the earlier Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date; and (y) the Make-Whole Fundamental Change with
the later Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date will be deemed not to have occurred.

Make-Whole Fundamental
Change Effective Date means (A) with respect to a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of
the definition thereof, the date on which such Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective; and (B) with respect to
a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the applicable Redemption Notice Date.

Market Disruption
Event means, with respect to any date, the occurrence or existence, during the one-half hour period ending at the scheduled
close of trading on such date on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or other market on which the Common Stock
is listed for trading or trades, of any material suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding
limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating
to the Common Stock.

Maturity Date
means April 1, 2030.

Non-Affiliate Legend
means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-3.

Note Agent
means any Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent.

Notes
means the 5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 issued by the Company pursuant to this Indenture.

Observation Period
means, with respect to any Note to be converted, (A) subject to clause (B) below, if the Conversion Date for such Note
occurs before January 1, 2030, the thirty (30) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the second (2nd) VWAP Trading
Day immediately after such Conversion Date; (B) if such Conversion Date occurs during a Redemption Conversion Period, the thirty
(30) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the thirty-first (31st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the related
Redemption Date; and (C) subject to clause (B) above, if such Conversion Date occurs on or after January 1, 2030,
the thirty (30) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the thirty-first (31st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before
the Maturity Date.

- 7 -

Officer
means the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary or any Vice-President of the Company.

Officers
Certificate means a certificate that is signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers and that meets the
requirements of Section 11.03.

Open of Business
means 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

Opinion of Counsel
means an opinion, from legal counsel (including an employee of, or counsel to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) reasonably acceptable
to the Trustee, that meets the requirements of Section 11.03,
subject to customary qualifications and exclusions.

Permitted Party
means Ayar Third Investment Company, the Public Investment Fund or any of their respective Affiliates. If any such Permitted Party is
a natural person, Permitted Party shall include: (i) a Permitted Trust of such person that is solely for the benefit
of (1) such person; (2) one or more Family Members of such person; or (3) any other Permitted Party that is an Affiliate
of such person; or (ii) any general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity exclusively
owned by (1) such person; (2) one or more Family Members of such person; or (3) any other Permitted Party that is an Affiliate
of such person.

Permitted Trust
of a person means a bona fide trust where each trustee is (i) such person; (ii) a Family Member of such person; or (iii) a
professional in the business of providing trustee services, including private professional fiduciaries, trust companies and bank trust
departments, acting in such capacity.

Person
or person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association,
joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. Any division or
series of a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will constitute a separate person under this Indenture.

Physical Note
means a Note (other than a Global Note) that is represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A,
registered in the name of the Holder of such Note and duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee.

Purchase Agreement
means that certain Purchase Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc.,
as representatives of the several Initial Purchasers.

Redemption
means the repurchase of any Note by the Company pursuant to Section 4.03.

- 8 -

Redemption Conversion
Period means, with respect to any Redemption, the period from, and including, the related Redemption Notice Date until the
Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the related Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to
pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, until such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full).

Redemption Date
means the date fixed, pursuant to Section 4.03(E),
for the settlement of the repurchase of any Notes by the Company pursuant to a Redemption.

Redemption Notice
Date means, with respect to a Redemption, the date on which the Company sends the Redemption Notice for such Redemption pursuant
to Section 4.03(G).

Redemption Price
means the cash price payable by the Company to redeem any Note upon its Redemption, calculated pursuant to Section 4.03(F).

Regular Record Date
has the following meaning with respect to an Interest Payment Date: (A) if such Interest Payment Date occurs on April 1, the
immediately preceding March 15; and (B) if such Interest Payment Date occurs on October 1, the immediately preceding September 15.

Repurchase Upon
Fundamental Change means the repurchase of any Note by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02.

Responsible Officer
means (A) any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee (or any successor group of the Trustee) or any other officer
of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of such officers; and (B) with respect to a particular
corporate trust matter relating to this Indenture, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of,
and familiarity with, the particular subject and, in each case, who will have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Note
Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-1.

Restricted Stock
Legend means, with respect to any Conversion Share, a legend substantially to the effect that the offer and sale of such Conversion
Share have not been registered under the Securities Act and that such Conversion Share cannot be sold or otherwise transferred except
pursuant to a transaction that is registered under the Securities Act or that is exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements
of the Securities Act.

Rule 12b-25
means Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time.

Rule 144A
means Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time.

- 9 -

Scheduled Trading
Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which
the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the
principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Scheduled
Trading Day means a Business Day.

SEC means
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Security
means any Note or Conversion Share.

Settlement Method
means Cash Settlement, Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement.

Shoe Option
means the Initial Purchasers option to purchase up to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000) aggregate principal amount of
additional Notes as provided for in the Purchase Agreement, which option was exercised in full by the Initial Purchasers for settlement
on the date hereof.

Significant Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person that constitutes a significant subsidiary (as defined in
Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act) of such Person; provided, however, that, in the case of
a Subsidiary that meets the criteria of clause (1)(iii) of the definition thereof, but not clause (1)(i) or (1)(ii) thereof,
such Subsidiary will not be deemed to be a Significant Subsidiary of such Person unless the Subsidiarys income or loss from continuing
operations before income taxes (after intercompany eliminations) for the most recently completed fiscal year prior to the date of such
determination exceeds fifty million dollars ($50,000,000) (with such amount calculated pursuant to such rule). For purposes of this definition,
Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X refers to such rule as in effect on the Issue Date.

Special Interest
means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to Section 7.03.

Specified Dollar
Amount means, with respect to the conversion of a Note to which Combination Settlement applies, the maximum cash amount per
$1,000 principal amount of such Note deliverable upon such conversion (excluding cash in lieu of any fractional share of Common Stock).

Stock Price
has the following meaning for any Make-Whole Fundamental Change: (A) if the holders of Common Stock receive only cash in consideration
for their shares of Common Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change and such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is pursuant to clause
(B) of the definition of Fundamental Change, then the Stock Price is the amount of cash paid per share of Common
Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change; and (B) in all other cases, the Stock Price is the average of the Last Reported Sale
Prices per share of Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately
before the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change.

- 10 -

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, (A) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership or limited
liability company) of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the
occurrence of any contingency, but after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers
voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of such corporation, association or other business
entity is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (B) any
partnership or limited liability company where (i) more than fifty percent (50%) of the capital accounts, distribution rights, equity
and voting interests, or of the general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, of such partnership or limited liability company
are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person, whether in the
form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or limited liability company interests or otherwise; and (ii) such Person
or any one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person is a controlling general partner of, or otherwise controls, such partnership
or limited liability company.

Trading Day
means any day on which (A) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange
on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange,
on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded; and (B) there is no Market Disruption Event. If the Common
Stock is not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day.

Trading Price
of the Notes on any Trading Day means the average of the secondary market bid quotations, expressed as a cash amount per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes, obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for two million dollars ($2,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding)
in principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day from three (3) nationally recognized
independent securities dealers selected by the Company, which may include any of the Initial Purchasers; provided, however,
that, if three (3) such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two (2) such bids are obtained,
then the average of the two (2) bids will be used, and if only one (1) such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation
Agent, then that one (1) bid will be used. If, on any Trading Day, (A) the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at
least one (1) bid for two million dollars ($2,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding) in principal amount of
Notes from a nationally recognized independent securities dealer; (B) the Company is not acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent and
the Company fails to instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to obtain bids when required; or (C) the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to
solicit bids when required, then, in each case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such Trading Day will be deemed
to be less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day
and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day.

- 11 -

Transfer-Restricted
Security means any Security that constitutes a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); provided,
however, that such Security will cease to be a Transfer-Restricted Security upon the earliest to occur of the following events:

(A) such
Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or a Person that was an Affiliate
of the Company in the three months immediately preceding) pursuant to a registration statement that was effective under the Securities
Act at the time of such sale or transfer;

(B) such
Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or a Person that was an Affiliate
of the Company in the three months immediately preceding) pursuant to an available exemption (including Rule 144) from the registration
and prospectus-delivery requirements of, or in a transaction not subject to, the Securities Act and, immediately after such sale or transfer,
such Security ceases to constitute a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); and

(C) such
Security is eligible for resale, by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company
during the immediately preceding three (3) months, pursuant to Rule 144 without any limitations thereunder as to volume, manner
of sale, availability of current public information or notice.

The Trustee is under no obligation
to determine whether any Security is a Transfer-Restricted Security and may conclusively rely on an Officers Certificate with respect
thereto.

Trust Indenture
Act means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

Trustee
means the Person named as such in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor replaces it in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture and, thereafter, means such successor.

VWAP Market Disruption
Event means, with respect to any date, (A) the failure by the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange
on which the Common Stock is then listed, or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange,
the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded, to open for trading during its regular trading session on such date;
or (B) the occurrence or existence, for more than one half hour period in the aggregate, of any suspension or limitation imposed
on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in
any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock, and such suspension or limitation occurs or exists at any time
before 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date.

VWAP Trading Day
means a day on which (A) there is no VWAP Market Disruption Event; and (B) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the
principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed
on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the Common
Stock is not so listed or traded, then VWAP Trading Day means a Business Day.

Wholly Owned Subsidiary
of a Person means any Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Capital Stock or other ownership interests of which (other than
directors qualifying shares) are owned by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

- 12 -

Section 1.02.
Other Definitions.

Term Defined in

Section

Additional Shares 5.07(A)

Business Combination Event 6.01(A)

Cash Settlement 5.03(A)

Combination Settlement 5.03(A)

Common Stock Change Event 5.09(A)

Conversion Agent 2.06(A)

Conversion Consideration 5.03(B)

Default Interest 2.05(B)

Defaulted Amount 2.05(B)

Event of Default 7.01(A)

Expiration Date 5.05(A)(v)

Expiration Time 5.05(A)(v)

Fundamental Change Notice 4.02(E)

Fundamental Change Repurchase Right 4.02(A)

Initial Notes 2.03(A)

Measurement Period 5.01(C)(i)(2)

Partial Redemption Limitation 4.03(C)

Paying Agent 2.06(A)

Physical Settlement 5.03(A)

Redemption Notice 4.03(G)

Reference Property 5.09(A)

Reference Property Unit 5.09(A)

Register 2.06(B)

Registrar 2.06(A)

Reporting Event of Default 7.03(A)

Specified Courts 11.07

Spin-Off 5.05(A)(iii)(2)

Spin-Off Valuation Period 5.05(A)(iii)(2)

Stated Interest 2.05(A)

Successor Entity 6.01(A)

Successor Person 5.09(A)

Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period 5.05(A)(v)

Trading Price Condition 5.01(C)(i)(2)

Section 1.03.
Rules of Construction.

For purposes of this Indenture:

(A) or
is not exclusive;

(B) including
means including without limitation;

(C) will
expresses a command;

- 13 -

(D) the
average of a set of numerical values refers to the arithmetic average of such numerical values;

(E) a
merger involving, or a transfer of assets by, a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will be deemed to include any
division of or by, or an allocation of assets to a series of, such limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or any unwinding
of any such division or allocation;

(F) words
in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular, unless the context requires otherwise;

(G) herein,
hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or
other subdivision of this Indenture, unless the context requires otherwise;

(H) references
to currency mean the lawful currency of the United States of America, unless the context requires otherwise;

(I) the
exhibits, schedules and other attachments to this Indenture are deemed to form part of this Indenture; and

(J) the
term interest, when used with respect to a Note, includes any Additional Interest, Default Interest and Special Interest,
unless the context requires otherwise.

Article 2 The
Notes

Section 2.01.
Form, Dating and Denominations.

The Notes and the Trustees
certificate of authentication will be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A. The Notes will bear the legends required
by Section 2.09 and may bear notations, legends or
endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage or the Depositary. Each Note will be dated as of the date of its authentication.

Except to the extent otherwise
provided in a Company Order delivered to the Trustee in connection with the issuance and authentication thereof, the Notes will be issued
initially in the form of one or more Global Notes. Global Notes may be exchanged for Physical Notes, and Physical Notes may be exchanged
for Global Notes, only as provided in Section 2.10.

The Notes will be issuable
only in registered form without interest coupons and only in Authorized Denominations.

Each certificate representing
a Note will bear a unique registration number that is not affixed to any other certificate representing another outstanding Note.

The terms contained in the
Notes constitute part of this Indenture, and, to the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of
this Indenture, agree to such terms and to be bound thereby; provided, however, that, to the extent that any provision of
any Note conflicts with the provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture will control for purposes of this Indenture
and such Note.

- 14 -

Section 2.02.
Execution, Authentication and Delivery.

(A) Due
Execution by the Company. At least one (1) duly authorized Officer will sign the Notes on behalf of the Company by manual, facsimile
or other electronic signature. A Notes validity will not be affected by the failure of any Officer whose signature is on any Note
to hold, at the time such Note is authenticated, the same or any other office at the Company.

(B) Authentication
by the Trustee and Delivery.

(i) No
Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly authenticated only when an authorized signatory
of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note.

(ii) The
Trustee will cause an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) to manually sign the certificate
of authentication of a Note only if (1) the Company delivers such Note to the Trustee; (2) such Note is executed by the Company
in accordance with Section 2.02(A); and (3) the Company delivers a Company
Order to the Trustee that (a) requests the Trustee to authenticate such Note; and (b) sets forth the name of the Holder of
such Note and the date as of which such Note is to be authenticated. If such Company Order also requests the Trustee to deliver such
Note to any Holder or to the Depositary, then the Trustee will promptly deliver such Note in accordance with such Company Order.

(iii) The
Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Notes. A duly appointed authenticating agent may
authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so under this Indenture, and a Note authenticated as provided in this Indenture by such
an agent will be deemed, for purposes of this Indenture, to be authenticated by the Trustee. Each duly appointed authenticating agent
will have the same rights to deal with the Company as the Trustee would have if it were performing the duties that the authenticating
agent was validly appointed to undertake.

Section 2.03.
Initial Notes and Additional Notes.

(A) Initial
Notes. On the Issue Date, there will be originally issued one billion one hundred million dollars ($1,100,000,000) aggregate principal
amount of Notes, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including Section 2.02). Notes issued pursuant to this Section 2.03(A),
and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, are referred to in this Indenture as the Initial Notes.

(B) Additional
Notes. Without the consent of any Holder, the Company may, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including Section 2.02),
originally issue additional Notes with the same terms as the Initial Notes (except, to the extent applicable, with respect to the date
as of which interest begins to accrue on such additional Notes, the first Interest Payment Date of such additional Notes, the Last Original
Issue Date of such additional Notes and transfer restrictions applicable to such additional Notes), which additional Notes will, subject
to the foregoing, be considered to be part of the same series of, and rank equally and ratably with all other, Notes issued under this
Indenture; provided, however, that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with other Notes issued under this Indenture
for U.S. federal income tax or U.S. federal securities law purposes, then such additional Notes will be identified by one or more separate
CUSIP numbers or by no CUSIP number.

- 15 -

Section 2.04.
Method of Payment.

(A) Global
Notes. The Company will pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on the Maturity Date, Redemption
on a Redemption Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, interest on, and any cash Conversion Consideration
for, any Global Note to the Depositary by wire transfer of immediately available funds no later than the time the same is due as provided
in this Indenture.

(B) Physical
Notes. The Company will pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on the Maturity Date, Redemption
on a Redemption Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, interest on, and any cash Conversion Consideration
for, any Physical Note no later than the time the same is due as provided in this Indenture as follows: (i) if the principal amount
of such Physical Note is at least five million dollars ($5,000,000) (or such lower amount as the Company may choose in its sole and absolute
discretion) and the Holder of such Physical Note entitled to such payment has delivered to the Paying Agent or the Trustee, no later than
the time set forth in the immediately following sentence, a written request that the Company make such payment by wire transfer to an
account of such Holder within the United States specified in such request, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account;
and (ii) in all other cases, by check mailed to the address of the Holder of such Physical Note entitled to such payment as set forth
in the Register. To be timely, such written request must be so delivered no later than the Close of Business on the following date: (x) with
respect to the payment of any interest due on an Interest Payment Date, the immediately preceding Regular Record Date; (y) with respect
to any cash Conversion Consideration, the relevant Conversion Date; and (z) with respect to any other payment, the date that is fifteen
(15) calendar days immediately before the date such payment is due.

Section 2.05.
Accrual of Interest; Defaulted Amounts; When Payment Date is Not a Business Day.

(A) Accrual
of Interest. Each Note will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to 5.00% (the Stated Interest), plus any
Default Interest, Additional Interest and Special Interest that may accrue pursuant to Sections 2.05(B), 3.04 and 7.03,
respectively. Stated Interest on each Note will (i) accrue from, and including, the most recent date to which Stated Interest has
been paid or duly provided for (or, if no Stated Interest has theretofore been paid or duly provided for, the date set forth in the certificate
representing such Note as the date from, and including, which Stated Interest will begin to accrue in such circumstance) to, but excluding,
the date of payment of such Stated Interest; and (ii) be, subject to Sections 4.02(D), 4.03(F) and 5.02(D) (but
without duplication of any payment of interest), payable semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, beginning on the first
Interest Payment Date set forth in the certificate representing such Note, to the Holder of such Note as of the Close of Business on
the immediately preceding Regular Record Date. Stated Interest, and, if applicable, Additional Interest and Special Interest, on the
Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.

- 16 -

(B) Defaulted
Amounts. If the Company fails to pay any amount (a Defaulted Amount) payable on a Note on or before the due date
therefor as provided in this Indenture, then, regardless of whether such failure constitutes an Event of Default, (i) such Defaulted
Amount will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder of such Note otherwise entitled to such payment; (ii) to the extent lawful,
interest (Default Interest) will accrue on such Defaulted Amount at a rate per annum equal to the rate per annum
at which Stated Interest accrues, from, and including, such due date to, but excluding, the date of payment of such Defaulted Amount and
Default Interest; (iii) such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest will be paid on a payment date selected by the Company to the
Holder of such Note as of the Close of Business on a special record date selected by the Company, provided that such special record
date must be no more than fifteen (15), nor less than ten (10), calendar days before such payment date; and (iv) at least fifteen
(15) calendar days before such special record date, the Company will send notice to the Trustee and the Holders that states such special
record date, such payment date and the amount of such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest to be paid on such payment date. For the avoidance
of doubt, if any Defaulted Amounts, together with any Default Interest thereon, are paid to Holders in accordance with the terms of this
Indenture prior to (i) the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect to the Default in the relevant payment as set forth
in Section 7.01 or (ii) if later, the delivery of any notice of acceleration
pursuant to Section 7.02(B) with respect to the Event of Default relating
to such Default in the relevant payment, such Default or Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.02(B) shall
be deemed cured and the Notes shall not be subject to acceleration pursuant to Section 7.02
on account of such Default or Event of Default.

(C) Delay
of Payment when Payment Date is Not a Business Day. If the due date for a payment on a Note as provided in this Indenture is not a
Business Day, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, such payment may be made on the immediately
following Business Day and no interest will accrue on such payment as a result of the related delay. Solely for purposes of the immediately
preceding sentence, a day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be
closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day.

Section 2.06.
Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent.

(A) Generally.
The Company will maintain (i) an office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be presented for registration
of transfer or for exchange (the Registrar); (ii) an office or agency in the continental United States where
Notes may be presented for payment (the Paying Agent); and (iii) an office or agency in the continental United
States where Notes may be presented for conversion (the Conversion Agent). If the Company fails to maintain a Registrar,
Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, then the Trustee will act as such and will be entitled to receive compensation therefor in accordance
with this Indenture and any other agreement between the Trustee and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries may act as Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent without prior notice to Holders. Any notice to be given to the Paying
Agent or the Conversion Agent under this Indenture shall be deemed delivered to such agent if the Trustee is acting as such agent and
such notice has been provided to the Trustee.

- 17 -

(B) Duties
of the Registrar. The Registrar will keep a record (the Register) of the names and addresses of the Holders,
the Notes held by each Holder and the transfer, exchange, repurchase, Redemption and conversion of Notes. Absent manifest error, the entries
in the Register will be conclusive and the Company and the Trustee may treat each Person whose name is recorded as a Holder in the Register
as a Holder for all purposes. The Register will be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form reasonably
promptly.

(C) Co-Agents;
Companys Right to Appoint Successor Registrars, Paying Agents and Conversion Agents. The Company may appoint one or more co-Registrars,
co-Paying Agents and co-Conversion Agents, each of whom will be deemed to be a Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, as applicable,
under this Indenture. Subject to Section 2.06(A), the Company may change any
Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent (including appointing itself or any of its Subsidiaries to act in such capacity) without
notice to any Holder. The Company will notify the Trustee (and, upon request, any Holder) of the name and address of each Note Agent,
if any, not a party to this Indenture and will enter into an appropriate agency agreement with each such Note Agent, which agreement
will implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such Note Agent.

(D) Initial
Appointments. The Company appoints the Trustee as (and the Trustees office in the continental United States as the location
of) the initial Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the initial Conversion Agent.

Section 2.07.
Paying Agent and Conversion Agent to Hold Property in Trust.

The Company will require
each Paying Agent or Conversion Agent that is not the Trustee to agree in writing that such Note Agent will (A) hold in trust for
the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money and other property held by such Note Agent for payment or delivery due on the Notes;
and (B) notify the Trustee of any default by the Company in making any such payment or delivery. The Company, at any time, may,
and the Trustee, while any Default continues, may, require a Paying Agent or Conversion Agent to pay or deliver, as applicable, all money
and other property held by it to the Trustee, after which payment or delivery, as applicable, such Note Agent (if not the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries) will have no further liability for such money or property. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries acts as
Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, then (A) it will segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders or
the Trustee all money and other property held by it as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent; and (B) references in this Indenture or
the Notes to the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent holding cash or other property, or to the delivery of cash or other property to the
Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, in each case for payment or delivery to any Holders or the Trustee or with respect to the Notes, will
be deemed to refer to cash or other property so segregated and held separately, or to the segregation and separate holding of such cash
or other property, respectively. Upon the occurrence of any event pursuant to clause(viii) or
(ix) of Section 7.01(A) with
respect to the Company (or with respect to any Subsidiary of the Company acting as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent), the Trustee will
serve as the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, as applicable, for the Notes.

- 18 -

Section 2.08.
Holder Lists.

If the Trustee is not the
Registrar, the Company will furnish to the Trustee, no later than seven (7) Business Days before each Interest Payment Date, and
at such other times as the Trustee may request, a list, in such form and as of such date or time as the Trustee may reasonably require,
of the names and addresses of the Holders.

Section 2.09.
Legends.

(A) Global
Note Legend. Each Global Note will bear the Global Note Legend (or any similar legend, not inconsistent with this Indenture, required
by the Depositary for such Global Note).

(B) Non-Affiliate
Legend. Each Note will bear the Non-Affiliate Legend.

(C) Restricted
Note Legend. Subject to the other provisions of this Indenture,

(i) each
Note that is a Transfer-Restricted Security will bear the Restricted Note Legend; and

(ii) if
a Note is issued in exchange for, in substitution of, or to effect a partial conversion of, another Note (such other Note being referred
to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.09(C)(ii)), including
pursuant to Section 2.10(B), 2.10(C),
2.11 or 2.12, then such Note will bear the Restricted
Note Legend if such old Note bore the Restricted Note Legend at the time of such exchange or substitution, or on the related Conversion
Date with respect to such conversion, as applicable; provided, however, that such Note need not bear the Restricted Note
Legend if such Note does not constitute a Transfer-Restricted Security immediately after such exchange or substitution, or as of such
Conversion Date, as applicable.

(D) Other
Legends. A Note may bear any other legend or text, not inconsistent with this Indenture, as may be required by applicable law or by
any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which such Note is traded or quoted.

(E) Acknowledgment
and Agreement by the Holders. A Holders acceptance of any Note bearing any legend required by this Section 2.09
will constitute such Holders acknowledgment of, and agreement to comply with, the restrictions set forth in such legend.

(F) Restricted
Stock Legend.

(i) Each
Conversion Share will bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the Note upon the conversion of which such Conversion Share was issued was (or
would have been had it not been converted) a Transfer-Restricted Security at the time such Conversion Share was issued; provided,
however, that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the Company determines, in its reasonable discretion,
that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend.

- 19 -

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 2.09(F), a Conversion Share need not
bear a Restricted Stock Legend if such Conversion Share is issued in an uncertificated form that does not permit affixing legends thereto,
provided the Company takes measures (including the assignment thereto of a restricted CUSIP number) that it reasonably
deems appropriate to enforce the transfer restrictions referred to in the Restricted Stock Legend.

Section 2.10.
Transfers and Exchanges; Certain Transfer Restrictions.

(A) Provisions
Applicable to All Transfers and Exchanges.

(i) Generally.
Subject to this Section 2.10, Physical Notes and beneficial interests in Global
Notes may be transferred or exchanged from time to time and the Registrar will record each such transfer or exchange in the Register.

(ii) Transferred
and Exchanged Notes Remain Valid Obligations of the Company. Each Note issued upon transfer or exchange of any other Note (such other
Note being referred to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.10(A)(ii))
or portion thereof in accordance with this Indenture will be the valid obligation of the Company, evidencing the same indebtedness, and
entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as such old Note or portion thereof, as applicable.

(iii) No
Services Charge; Transfer Taxes. The Company, the Trustee and the Note Agents will not impose any service charge on any Holder for
any transfer, exchange or conversion of Notes, but the Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Conversion Agent may require payment
of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, exchange
or conversion of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section2.11, 2.16
or 8.05 not involving any transfer.

(iv) Transfers
and Exchanges Must Be in Authorized Denominations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, a Note
may not be transferred or exchanged in part unless the portion to be so transferred or exchanged is in an Authorized Denomination.

(v) Trustees
Disclaimer. The Trustee will have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any transfer restrictions
imposed under this Indenture or applicable law with respect to any Security, other than to require the delivery of such certificates or
other documentation or evidence as expressly required by this Indenture and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as
to form with the requirements of this Indenture.

(vi) Legends.
Each Note issued upon transfer of, or in exchange for, another Note will bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09.

(vii) Settlement
of Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Note,
the Company will cause such transfer or exchange to be effected as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event later than the second
(2nd) Business Day after the date of such satisfaction.

- 20 -

(viii) Interpretation.
For the avoidance of doubt, and subject to the terms of this Indenture, as used in this Section 2.10,
an exchange of a Global Note or a Physical Note includes (x) an exchange effected for the sole purpose of removing
any Restricted Note Legend affixed to such Global Note or Physical Note; and (y) if such Global Note or Physical Note is identified
by a restricted CUSIP number, an exchange effected for the sole purpose of causing such Global Note or Physical Note to
be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number.

(ix) Neither
the Trustee nor any Note Agent will have any responsibility for any action taken or not taken by the Depositary.

(B) Transfers
and Exchanges of Global Notes.

(i) Certain
Restrictions. Subject to the immediately following sentence, no Global Note may be transferred or exchanged in whole except (x) by
the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary; (y) by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the
Depositary; or (z) by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. No
Global Note (or any portion thereof) may be transferred to, or exchanged for, a Physical Note; provided, however, that a
Global Note will be exchanged, pursuant to customary procedures, for one or more Physical Notes if:

(1) (x) the
Depositary notifies the Company or the Trustee that the Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Global Note
or (y) the Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act and, in
each case, the Company fails to appoint a successor Depositary within ninety (90) days of such notice or cessation;

(2) an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar has received a written request from the
Depositary, or from a holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note, to exchange such Global Note or beneficial interest, as applicable,
for one or more Physical Notes; or

(3) the
Company, in its sole discretion, permits the exchange of any beneficial interest in such Global Note for one or more Physical Notes at
the request of the owner of such beneficial interest.

(ii) Effecting
Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Global Note
(or any portion thereof):

(1) the
Trustee will reflect any resulting decrease of the principal amount of such Global Note by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges
of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if such notation results in such Global Note having a principal
amount of zero, the Company may (but is not required to) instruct the Trustee to cancel such Global Note pursuant to Section 2.14);

- 21 -

(2) if
required to effect such transfer or exchange, then the Trustee will reflect any resulting increase of the principal amount of any other
Global Note by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such other Global Note;

(3) if
required to effect such transfer or exchange, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in
each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a new Global Note bearing each legend, if
any, required by Section 2.09; and

(4) if
such Global Note (or such portion thereof), or any beneficial interest therein, is to be exchanged for one or more Physical Notes, then
the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02,
one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal
amount of such Global Note to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in such name(s) as the Depositary specifies (or as otherwise
determined pursuant to customary procedures); and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09.

(iii) Compliance
with Depositary Procedures. Each transfer or exchange of a beneficial interest in any Global Note will be made in accordance with
the Depositary Procedures.

(C) Transfers
and Exchanges of Physical Notes.

(i) Requirements
for Transfers and Exchanges. Subject to this Section 2.10, a Holder of a Physical
Note may (x) transfer such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) to one or more other Person(s); (y) exchange
such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) for one or more other Physical Notes in Authorized Denominations
having an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Physical Note (or portion thereof) to be so exchanged;
and (z) if then permitted by the Depositary Procedures, transfer such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination)
in exchange for a beneficial interest in one or more Global Notes; provided, however, that, to effect any such transfer
or exchange, such Holder must:

(1) surrender
such Physical Note to be transferred or exchanged to the office of the Registrar, together with any endorsements or transfer instruments
reasonably required by the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar; and

(2) deliver
such certificates, documentation or evidence as may be required pursuant to Section 2.10(D).

- 22 -

(ii) Effecting
Transfers and Exchanges. Upon the satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Physical
Note (such Physical Note being referred to as the old Physical Note for purposes of this Section 2.10(C)(ii))
of a Holder (or any portion of such old Physical Note in an Authorized Denomination):

(1) such
old Physical Note will be promptly cancelled pursuant to Section 2.14;

(2) if
such old Physical Note is to be so transferred or exchanged only in part, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee
will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical
Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such old
Physical Note not to be so transferred or exchanged; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend,
if any, required by Section 2.09;

(3) in
the case of a transfer:

(a) to
the Depositary or a nominee thereof that will hold its interest in such old Physical Note (or such portion thereof) to be so transferred
in the form of one or more Global Notes, the Trustee will reflect an increase of the principal amount of one or more existing Global Notes
by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such Global Note(s), which increase(s) are
in Authorized Denominations and aggregate to the principal amount to be so transferred, and which Global Note(s) bear each legend,
if any, required by Section 2.09; provided, however, that if such
transfer cannot be so effected by notation on one or more existing Global Notes (whether because no Global Notes bearing each legend,
if any, required by Section 2.09 then exist, because any such increase will result
in any Global Note having an aggregate principal amount exceeding the maximum aggregate principal amount permitted by the Depositary or
otherwise), then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02,
one or more Global Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount
to be so transferred; and (y) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09;
and

(b) to
a transferee that will hold its interest in such old Physical Note (or such portion thereof) to be so transferred in the form of one or
more Physical Notes, the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02,
one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal
amount to be so transferred; (y) are registered in the name of such transferee; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by
Section 2.09; and

- 23 -

(4) in
the case of an exchange, the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with
Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations
and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in the name of the Person
to whom such old Physical Note was registered; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09.

(D) Requirement
to Deliver Documentation and Other Evidence. If a Holder of any Note that is identified by a restricted CUSIP number
or that bears a Restricted Note Legend or is a Transfer-Restricted Security requests to:

(i) cause
such Note to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number;

(ii) remove
such Restricted Note Legend; or

(iii) register
the transfer of such Note to the name of another Person,

then the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar
may refuse to effect such identification, removal or transfer, as applicable, unless there is delivered to the Company, the Trustee and
the Registrar such certificates or other documentation or evidence as the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar may reasonably require
in order for the Company to determine that such identification, removal or transfer, as applicable, complies with the Securities Act
and other applicable securities laws; provided, however, that, without limiting Section 2.10(E),
no such certificates, documentation or evidence (other than a written request in the form contemplated by Section 2.10(E))
need be so delivered on or after the date that is six (6) months after the Last Original Issue Date of such Note if the requirements
of Rule 144(c) and (i) are then satisfied with respect to the Company (and neither the Trustee nor the Registrar will
have any responsibility or liability for determining whether such requirements have been satisfied).

(E) Certain
De-Legending Procedures. If a Holder of any Note or share of Common Stock issued upon conversion of any Note, or an owner of a beneficial
interest in any Global Note, or in a global certificate representing any share of Common Stock issued upon conversion of any Note, transfers
such Note or share in compliance with Rule 144 and delivers to the Company a written request in customary form (including a certification
that it is not, and has not been at any time during the preceding three (3) months, an Affiliate of the Company) to reissue such
Note or share without a Restricted Note Legend or Restricted Stock Legend, as applicable, then the Company will cause the same to occur
(and, if applicable, cause such Note or share to thereafter be represented by an unrestricted CUSIP or ISIN number in the
facilities of the related depositary), and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to occur within two (2) Trading
Days of such request.

(F) Transfers
of Notes Subject to Redemption, Repurchase or Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes,
the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note that (i) has been
surrendered for conversion, except to the extent that any portion of such Note is not subject to conversion; (ii) is subject to a
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice validly delivered, and not withdrawn, pursuant to Section 4.02(F), except to the extent
that any portion of such Note is not subject to such notice or the Company fails to pay the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
when due; or (iii) has been selected for Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Notice, except to the extent that any portion of such
Note is not subject to Redemption or the Company fails to pay the applicable Redemption Price when due.

- 24 -

Section 2.11.
Exchange and Cancellation of Notes to Be Converted, Redeemed or Repurchased.

(A) Partial
Conversions, Redemptions and Repurchases of Physical Notes. If only a portion of a Physical Note of a Holder is to be converted pursuant
to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption, then, as soon as reasonably practicable
after such Physical Note is surrendered for such conversion, Redemption or repurchase, the Company will cause such Physical Note to be
exchanged, pursuant and subject to Section 2.10(C), for (i) one or more Physical Notes that are in Authorized Denominations
and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Physical Note that is not to be so converted, redeemed or
repurchased, as applicable, and deliver such Physical Note(s) to such Holder; and (ii) a Physical Note having a principal amount
equal to the principal amount to be so converted, redeemed or repurchased, as applicable, which Physical Note will be converted, redeemed
or repurchased, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this Indenture; provided, however, that the Physical Note referred
to in this clause (ii) need not be issued at any time after which such principal amount subject to such conversion, Redemption
or repurchase, as applicable, is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.17.

(B) Cancellation
of Converted, Redeemed and Repurchased Notes.

(i) Physical
Notes. If a Physical Note (or any portion thereof that has not theretofore been exchanged pursuant to Section 2.11)
of a Holder is to be converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant
to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption, then, promptly after the later of the time such Physical Note (or such portion)
is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.17 and the time such
Physical Note is surrendered for such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, (1) such Physical Note will be cancelled pursuant
to Section 2.14; and (2) in the case of a partial conversion, Redemption
or repurchase, the Company will issue, execute and deliver to such Holder, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance
with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized
Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Physical Note that is not to be so converted,
redeemed or repurchased; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09.

(ii) Global
Notes. If a Global Note (or any portion thereof) is to be converted pursuant to Article 5
or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or subject to Redemption, then, promptly after the time such Note (or
such portion) is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.17,
the Trustee will reflect a decrease of the principal amount of such Global Note in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Global
Note to be so converted, redeemed or repurchased, as applicable, by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the
Global Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if the principal amount of such Global Note is zero following such notation,
cancel such Global Note pursuant to Section 2.14).

- 25 -

Section 2.12.
Replacement Notes.

If a Holder of any Note claims
that such Note has been mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee
will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02,
a replacement Note upon surrender to the Trustee of such mutilated Note, or upon delivery to the Trustee of evidence of such loss, destruction
or wrongful taking reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Company. In the case of a lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note,
the Company and the Trustee may require the Holder thereof to provide such security or indemnity that is satisfactory to the Company
and the Trustee, as applicable, to protect the Company and the Trustee and that is reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee to protect
from any loss that any of them may suffer if such Note is replaced.

Every replacement Note issued
pursuant to this Section 2.12 will
be an additional obligation of the Company and will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and ratably with all
other Notes issued under this Indenture, whether or not the lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note will at any time be enforceable
by anyone.

Section 2.13.
Registered Holders; Certain Rights with Respect to Global Notes.

Except to the extent rights
under this Indenture are expressly granted to owners of beneficial interests of Notes, only the Holder of a Note will have rights under
this Indenture as the owner of such Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Depositary Participants will have no rights
as such under this Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or its nominee, or by the Trustee
as its custodian, and the Company, the Trustee and the Note Agents, and their respective agents, may treat the Depositary as the absolute
owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever; provided, however, that (A) the Holder of any Global Note may
grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Depositary Participants and Persons that hold interests in Notes through Depositary
Participants, to take any action that such Holder is entitled to take with respect to such Global Note under this Indenture or the Notes;
and (B) the Company and the Trustee, and their respective agents, may give effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization
furnished by the Depositary.

Section 2.14.
Cancellation.

The Company may at any time
deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will forward to the Trustee each
Note duly surrendered to them for transfer, exchange, payment or conversion. The Trustee will promptly cancel all Notes so surrendered
to it in accordance with its customary procedures. Without limiting the generality of Section 2.03(B),
the Company may not originally issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been cancelled upon transfer, exchange,
payment or conversion.

- 26 -

Section 2.15.
Notes Held by the Company or its Affiliates.

Without limiting the generality
of Section 2.17, in determining whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in
any direction, waiver or consent or other action under this Indenture, Notes owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates will be deemed
not to be outstanding; provided, however, that, for purposes of determining whether the Trustee is protected in relying
on any such direction, waiver or consent or other action under this Indenture, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows
are so owned will be so disregarded.

Section 2.16.
Temporary Notes.

Until definitive Notes are
ready for delivery, the Company may issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02,
temporary Notes. Temporary Notes will be substantially in the form of definitive Notes but may have variations that the Company considers
appropriate for temporary Notes. The Company will promptly prepare, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in
each case in accordance with Section 2.02, definitive
Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. Until so exchanged, each temporary Note will in all respects be entitled to the same benefits
under this Indenture as definitive Notes.

Section 2.17.
Outstanding Notes.

(A) Generally.
The Notes that are outstanding at any time will be deemed to be those Notes that, at such time, have been duly executed and authenticated,
excluding those Notes (or portions thereof) that have theretofore been (i) cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee
for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.14; (ii) assigned a principal amount of zero by notation on the Schedule
of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of any a Global Note representing such Note; (iii) paid in full
(including upon conversion) in accordance with this Indenture; (iv) deemed to cease to be outstanding to the extent provided in,
and subject to, clause (B), (C) or (D) of this Section 2.17; or (v) deemed not to be
outstanding pursuant to Section 2.15.

(B) Replaced
Notes. If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.12, then such Note will cease to be outstanding at the time of its
replacement, unless the Trustee and the Company receive proof reasonably satisfactory to them that such Note is held by a bona
fide purchaser under applicable law.

(C) Maturing
Notes and Notes Called for Redemption or Subject to Repurchase. If, on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or
the Maturity Date, the Paying Agent holds money sufficient to pay the aggregate Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
or principal amount, respectively, together, in each case, with the aggregate interest, in each case due on such date, then (unless there
occurs a Default in the payment of any such amount) (i) the Notes (or portions thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased, or that mature,
on such date will be deemed, as of such date, to cease to be outstanding, except to the extent provided in Sections 4.02(D), 4.03(E)4.03(F) or
5.02(D); and (ii) the rights of the Holders of such Notes (or such portions thereof), as such, will terminate with respect
to such Notes (or such portions thereof), other than the right to receive the Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or
principal amount, as applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, such Notes (or such portions thereof), in each case as provided
in this Indenture.

- 27 -

(D) Notes
to Be Converted. At the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for any Note (or any portion thereof) to be converted, such Note
(or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration or interest due, pursuant to Section 5.03(B) or
Section 5.02(D), upon such conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding, except to the extent provided in Section 5.02(D) or
Section 5.08.

(E) Cessation
of Accrual of Interest. Except as provided in Sections 4.02(D), 4.03(F) or 5.02(D), interest will cease
to accrue on each Note from, and including, the date that such Note is deemed, pursuant to this Section 2.17, to cease to
be outstanding, unless there occurs a default in the payment or delivery of any cash or other property due on such Note.

Section 2.18.
Repurchases by the Company.

Without limiting the generality
of Section 2.14, the Company may, directly or indirectly,
from time to time, repurchase Notes in open market purchases or in negotiated transactions or otherwise, without delivering prior notice
to Holders. Any Notes repurchased by the Company pursuant to this Section 2.18
shall be considered outstanding under this Indenture (except as set forth in Section 2.15)
unless and until such time the Company surrenders such Notes to the Trustee for cancellation and, upon receipt thereof, the Trustee shall
cancel all Notes so surrendered in accordance with Section 2.14.

Section 2.19.
CUSIP and ISIN Numbers.

Subject to the provisions
of this Indenture, the Company may use one or more CUSIP or ISIN numbers to identify any of the Notes, and, if so, the Company and the
Trustee will use such CUSIP or ISIN number(s) in notices to Holders; provided, however, that (i) the Trustee makes
no representation as to the correctness or accuracy of any such CUSIP or ISIN number; and (ii) the effectiveness of any such notice
will not be affected by any defect in, or omission of, any such CUSIP or ISIN number. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee of
any change in the CUSIP or ISIN number(s) identifying any Notes.

Article 3 Covenants

Section 3.01.
Payment on Notes.

(A) Generally.
The Company will pay or cause to be paid all the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and Redemption Price for, interest
on, and other amounts due with respect to, the Notes on the dates and in the manner set forth in this Indenture.

(B) Deposit
of Funds. Before 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on each Redemption Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or Interest Payment Date,
and on the Maturity Date or any other date on which any cash amount is due on the Notes, the Company will deposit, or will cause there
to be deposited, with the Paying Agent cash, in funds immediately available on such date, sufficient to pay the cash amount due on the
applicable Notes on such date. The Paying Agent will return to the Company, as soon as practicable, any money not required for such purpose.

- 28 -

Section 3.02.
Exchange Act Reports.

(A) Generally.
The Company will send to the Trustee copies of all reports that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than current reports on Form 8-K (or any successor form)) within fifteen (15) calendar days
after the date that the Company is required to file the same (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods under the Exchange Act,
including any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 (which grace period, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed applicable whether
or not the Company checks the box in the relevant Rule 12b-25 filing indicating the Company expects to file such report within the
applicable Rule 12b-25 grace period)); provided, however, that the Company need not send to the Trustee any material
for which the Company has received, or is seeking in good faith and has not been denied, confidential treatment by the SEC. Any report
that the Company files with the SEC through the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) will be deemed to be sent to the Trustee at the
time such report is so filed via the EDGAR system (or such successor). Upon the request of any Holder, the Company will provide to such
Holder a copy of any report that the Company has sent the Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.02(A), other than a report that
is deemed to be sent to the Trustee pursuant to the preceding sentence.

(B) Trustees
Disclaimer. The Trustee will not be responsible for determining whether the Company has filed any material via the EDGAR system (or
such successor) or for the timeliness of its content. The sending or filing of reports, information and documents pursuant to Section 3.02(A) is
for informational purposes only and the information and the Trustees receipt of the foregoing will not be deemed to constitute
actual or constructive notice to the Trustee of any information contained, or determinable from information contained, therein, including
the Companys compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively
on an Officers Certificate). The Trustee will have no obligation whatsoever to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise,
the Companys compliance with its covenants under this Indenture or with respect to any reports or other documents filed with the
SEC via the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) or any other website, or to participate in any conference calls.

Section 3.03.
Rule 144A Information.

If the Company is not subject
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act at any time when any Notes or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the Notes are outstanding and constitute restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144), then the Company (or its successor)
will promptly provide, to the Trustee and, upon written request, to any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes
or shares, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale
of such Notes or shares pursuant to Rule 144A. The Company (or its successor) will take such further action as any Holder or beneficial
owner of such Notes or shares may reasonably request to enable such Holder or beneficial owner to sell such Notes or shares pursuant to
Rule 144A.

- 29 -

Section 3.04.
Additional Interest.

(A) Accrual
of Additional Interest. If, on any day occurring on or after six (6) months after the Last Original Issue Date of any Note,

(i) the
Company has not satisfied the reporting conditions set forth in Rule 144(c) and Rule 144(i)(2) under the Securities
Act; or

(ii) such
Note is not otherwise Freely Tradable,

then Additional Interest will accrue on such Note
for such day.

(B) Amount
and Payment of Additional Interest. Any Additional Interest that accrues on a Note pursuant to Section 3.04(A) will
be payable on the same dates and in the same manner as the Stated Interest on such Note and will accrue at a rate per annum equal to one
half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided, however, that in no event will Additional Interest,
together with any Special Interest, accrue on any day on a Note at a combined rate per annum that exceeds one percent (1.00%). For the
avoidance of doubt, any Additional Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition to the Stated Interest that accrues on such Note
and, subject to the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence, in addition to any Special Interest that accrues on such Note.

(C) Notice
of Accrual of Additional Interest; Trustees Disclaimer. The Company will send written notice to the Holder of each Note, and
to the Trustee, of the commencement and termination of any period in which Additional Interest accrues on such Note. In addition, if Additional
Interest accrues on any Note, then, no later than five (5) Business Days before each date on which such Additional Interest is to
be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent stating (i) that the Company
is obligated to pay Additional Interest on such Note on such date of payment; and (ii) the amount of such Additional Interest that
is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Additional Interest is payable or the amount
thereof.

(D) Sole
Remedy. The accrual of Additional Interest will be the sole remedy available to Holders under this Indenture for the failure of their
Notes to become Freely Tradable.

Section 3.05.
Compliance and Default Certificates.

(A) Annual
Compliance Certificate. Within ninety (90) days after December 31, 2025 and each fiscal year of the Company ending thereafter,
the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee stating (i) that the signatory thereto has supervised a review
of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year with a view towards determining whether any Default or Event
of Default has occurred; and (ii) whether, to such signatorys knowledge, a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing (and, if so, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with
respect thereto).

(B) Default
Certificate. If a Default or Event of Default occurs, then the Company will, within thirty (30) days after the Company obtains knowledge
of the occurrence thereof, deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee describing the same and what action the Company is taking
or proposes to take with respect thereto; provided that the Company will not be required to deliver such Officers Certificate
if the Default or Event of Default has been cured (or deemed cured) or waived prior to the date that such notice is due.

- 30 -

Section 3.06.
Stay, Extension and Usury Laws.

To the extent that it may
lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take
the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants
or the performance of this Indenture; and (B) expressly waives all benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will
not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Trustee by this Indenture, but will
suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

Article 4 Repurchase
and Redemption

Section 4.01.
No Sinking Fund.

No sinking fund is required
to be provided for the Notes.

Section 4.02.
Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes upon a Fundamental Change.

(A) Right
of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a Fundamental Change. Subject to the other terms of this Section 4.02,
if a Fundamental Change occurs, then each Holder will have the right (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right) to
require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) on the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change for a cash purchase price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

(B) Repurchase
Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated and such acceleration has not been
rescinded on or before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including as a result of the payment
of the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, and any related interest pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.02(D),
on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date), then (i) the Company may not repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02;
and (ii) the Company will cause any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change to be returned to the
Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee
or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures).

(C) Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for any Fundamental Change will be a Business Day of the Companys
choosing that is no more than thirty five (35), nor less than twenty (20), Business Days after the date the Company sends the related
Fundamental Change Notice pursuant to Section 4.02(E).

- 31 -

(D) Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note to be repurchased upon a Repurchase Upon Fundamental
Change following a Fundamental Change is an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of such Note plus accrued and unpaid interest
on such Note to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change; provided, however, that
if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, then (i) the
Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Repurchase Upon Fundamental
Change, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that would have accrued
on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through
such Interest Payment Date, if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is before such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price will not include accrued and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and
such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date occurs on the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date, then (x) accrued
and unpaid interest on Notes to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in accordance with Section 2.05(C),
on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Regular Record Date; and (y) the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price will include interest on Notes to be repurchased from, and including, such Interest Payment Date to, but excluding,
such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date.

(E) Fundamental
Change Notice. On or before the twentieth (20th) calendar day after the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the Company will send
to each Holder in writing, with a copy to the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent a notice of such Fundamental Change (a
Fundamental Change Notice).

Such Fundamental Change Notice
must state:

(i) briefly,
the events causing such Fundamental Change;

(ii) the
effective date of such Fundamental Change;

(iii) the
procedures that a Holder must follow to require the Company to repurchase its Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02,
including the deadline for exercising the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right and the procedures for submitting and withdrawing a Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice;

(iv) the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change;

(v) the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Fundamental Change (and, if such Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and timing of the
interest payment payable pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.02(D));

(vi) the
name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent;

- 32 -

(vii) the
Conversion Rate in effect on the date of such Fundamental Change Notice and a description and quantification of any adjustments to the
Conversion Rate that may result from such Fundamental Change (including pursuant to Section 5.07);

(viii) that
Notes for which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been duly tendered and not duly withdrawn must be delivered to the Paying Agent
for the Holder thereof to be entitled to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price;

(ix) that
Notes (or any portion thereof) that are subject to a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice that has been duly tendered may be converted
only if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with this Indenture; and

(x) the
CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes.

Neither the failure to deliver
a Fundamental Change Notice nor any defect in a Fundamental Change Notice will limit the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right of any Holder
or otherwise affect the validity of any proceedings relating to any Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change.

(F) Procedures
to Exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right.

(i) Delivery
of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and Notes to Be Repurchased. To exercise its Fundamental Change Repurchase Right for a Note
following a Fundamental Change, the Holder thereof must deliver to the Paying Agent:

(1) before
the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or such later time as may
be required by law), a duly completed, written Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to such Note; and

(2) such
Note, duly endorsed for transfer (if such Note is a Physical Note) or by book-entry transfer (if such Note is a Global Note).

The Paying Agent will promptly deliver
to the Company a copy of each Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice that it receives.

(ii) Contents
of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notices. Each Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note must state:

(1) if
such Note is a Physical Note, the certificate number of such Note;

(2) the
principal amount of such Note to be repurchased, which must be an Authorized Denomination; and

(3) that
such Holder is exercising its Fundamental Change Repurchase Right with respect to such principal amount of such Note;

- 33 -

provided, however, that
if such Note is a Global Note, then such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements
of this Section 4.02(F)).

(iii) Withdrawal
of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. A Holder that has delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note
may withdraw such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent at any time before
the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Such withdrawal notice must
state:

(1) if
such Note is a Physical Note, the certificate number of such Note;

(2) the
principal amount of such Note to be withdrawn, which must be an Authorized Denomination; and

(3) the
principal amount of such Note, if any, that remains subject to such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which must be an Authorized
Denomination;

provided, however, that
if such Note is a Global Note, then such withdrawal notice must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such withdrawal notice
delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 4.02(F)).

Upon receipt of any such withdrawal
notice with respect to a Note (or any portion thereof), the Paying Agent will (x) promptly deliver a copy of such withdrawal notice
to the Company; and (y) if such Note is surrendered to the Paying Agent, cause such Note (or such portion thereof in accordance
with Section 2.11, treating such Note as having been then surrendered for partial repurchase in the amount set forth in such
withdrawal notice as remaining subject to repurchase) to be returned to the Holder thereof (or, if applicable with respect to any Global
Note, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest
in such Note in accordance with the Depositary Procedures).

(G) Payment
of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price within the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for a
Note (or portion thereof) to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before
the later of (i) the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and (ii) the date (x) such Note is delivered to the
Paying Agent (in the case of a Physical Note) or (y) the Depositary Procedures relating to the repurchase, and the delivery to the
Paying Agent, of such Holders beneficial interest in such Note to be repurchased are complied with (in the case of a Global Note).
For the avoidance of doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.02(D) on any
Note to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change must be paid pursuant to such proviso regardless of whether such
Note is delivered or such Depositary Procedures are complied with pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 4.02(G).

- 34 -

(H) Third
Party May Conduct Repurchase Offer In Lieu of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.02,
the Company will be deemed to satisfy its obligations under this Section 4.02 if one or more third parties conduct any Repurchase
Upon Fundamental Change and related offer to repurchase Notes otherwise required by this Section 4.02 in the same manner,
at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as provided in this Section 4.02
that would have satisfied the requirements of this Section 4.02 if conducted directly by the Company.

(I) No
Requirement to Conduct an Offer to Repurchase Notes if the Fundamental Change Results in the Notes Becoming Convertible into an Amount
of Cash Exceeding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.02,
the Company will not be required to send a Fundamental Change Notice pursuant to Section 4.02(E), or offer to repurchase
or repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02, in connection with a Common Stock Change Event that constitutes a
Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B)(ii) of the definition thereof (regardless of whether such Common Stock Change Event
also constitutes a Fundamental Change pursuant to any other clause of such definition), if (i) the Reference Property of such Common
Stock Change Event consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after such Fundamental Change, the Notes become convertible,
pursuant to Section 5.09(A) and, if applicable, Section 5.07, into consideration that consists solely of
U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
per $1,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes (calculated assuming that the same includes the maximum amount of accrued interest payable
as part of the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Price); and (iii) the Company timely sends the notice relating to such Fundamental
Change required pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b), and includes, in such notice, a statement that the Company is relying
on this Section 4.02(I). For the avoidance of doubt, the maximum amount of accrued interest referred to in clause (ii) above
will be determined (x) by assuming that the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date occurs on the latest possible date permitted for
the applicable Fundamental Change pursuant to Section 4.02(E) and Section 4.02(C); and (y) without
regard to the proviso in the first sentence of Section 4.02(D).

(J) Compliance
with Applicable Securities Laws. To the extent applicable, the Company will comply, in all material respects, with all U.S. federal
and state securities laws in connection with a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including complying with Rules 13e-4 and 14e-1
under the Exchange Act and filing any required Schedule TO, to the extent applicable) so as to permit effecting such Repurchase Upon Fundamental
Change in the manner set forth in this Indenture; provided, however, that, to the extent that the Companys obligations
pursuant to this Section 4.02 conflict with any law or regulation that is applicable to the Company and enacted after the
Issue Date, the Companys compliance with such law or regulation will not be considered to be a Default of such obligations; rather,
the Company will be deemed to be in compliance with such obligations if the Company complies with its obligation to effect Repurchases
Upon a Fundamental Change in accordance with this Section 4.02, modified as necessary by the Company in good faith to permit
compliance with such law or regulation.

- 35 -

(K) Repurchase
in Part. Subject to the terms of this Section 4.02, Notes may be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental
Change in part, but only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions of this Section 4.02 applying to the repurchase of a Note
in whole will equally apply to the repurchase of a permitted portion of a Note.

Section 4.03.
Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes.

(A) No
Right to Redeem Before April 6, 2028. The Company may not redeem the Notes at its option at any time before April 6, 2028.

(B) Right
to Redeem the Notes on or After April 6, 2028. Subject to the terms of this Section 4.03, the Company has the right,
at its election, to redeem all, or any portion (subject to the Partial Redemption Limitation set forth in Section 4.03(C))
in an Authorized Denomination, of the Notes, at any time, and from time to time, on a Redemption Date on or after April 6, 2028 and
on or before the thirty-first (31st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date, for a cash purchase price equal to the
Redemption Price, but only if (1) the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock exceeds one hundred and thirty percent (130%)
of the Conversion Price on (i) each of at least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive
Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption; and (ii) the
Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Notice Date; and (2) the Liquidity Conditions have been satisfied. For the avoidance
of doubt, the calling of any Notes for Redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note pursuant to
clause (B) of the definition thereof.

(C) Partial
Redemption Limitation. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the outstanding Notes, at least one hundred fifty million
dollars ($150,000,000) aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not subject to Redemption as of the Redemption Notice
Date for such Redemption (such requirement, the Partial Redemption Limitation).

(D) Redemption
Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated and such acceleration has not been
rescinded on or before the Redemption Date (including a rescission as a result of the payment of the related Redemption Price, and any
related interest pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.03(F), on such Redemption Date), then (i) the
Company may not call for Redemption or otherwise redeem any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.03; and (ii) the Company
will cause any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Redemption to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect
to Global Notes, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial
interests in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures).

(E) Redemption
Date. The Redemption Date for any Redemption will be a day of the Companys choosing that is no more than fifty five (55), nor
less than thirty five (35), Scheduled Trading Days after the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption and that is, as of such Redemption
Notice Date, scheduled to be a Business Day; provided, however, that if, in accordance with Section 5.03(A)(i)(3),
the Company has elected to settle all conversions for Notes called for Redemption with a Conversion Date that occurs during the related
Redemption Conversion Period by Physical Settlement, then the Company may instead elect to choose a Redemption Date that is a Business
Day no more than sixty (60), nor less than ten (10), calendar days after such Redemption Notice Date.

- 36 -

(F) Redemption
Price. The Redemption Price for any Note called for Redemption is an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of such Note plus
accrued and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, the Redemption Date for such Redemption; provided, however,
that if such Redemption Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder
of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Redemption, to receive, on or,
at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding,
such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date,
if such Redemption Date is before such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Redemption Price will not include accrued and unpaid
interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if an Interest Payment Date is not a Business
Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such Redemption Date occurs on the Business Day immediately after such
Interest Payment Date, then (x) accrued and unpaid interest on Notes to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid,
in accordance with Section 2.05(C), on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding
Regular Record Date; and (y) the Redemption Price will include interest on Notes to be redeemed from, and including, such Interest
Payment Date.

(G) Redemption
Notice. To call any Notes for Redemption, the Company must send to each Holder of such Notes, the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and
the Paying Agent a written notice of such Redemption (a Redemption Notice).

Such Redemption Notice must
state:

(i) that
such Notes have been called for Redemption, briefly describing the Companys Redemption right under this Indenture;

(ii) the
Redemption Date for such Redemption;

(iii) the
Redemption Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Redemption (and, if the Redemption Date is after a Regular Record Date
and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and timing of the interest payment payable pursuant to the proviso
to the first sentence of Section 4.03(F));

(iv) the
name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent;

(v) that
Notes called for Redemption may be converted at any time before the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately
before the Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until
such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full);

- 37 -

(vi) the
Conversion Rate in effect on the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption and a description and quantification of any adjustments to
the Conversion Rate that may result from such Redemption (including pursuant to Section 5.07);

(vii) the
Settlement Method that will apply to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs during the related Redemption Conversion
Period; and

(viii) the
CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes.

On or before the Redemption
Notice Date, the Company will send a copy of such Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent. At the
Companys written request, the Trustee will give the Redemption Notice in the Companys name and at its expense, provided
that the Company delivers to the Trustee, at least five Business Days in the case of Physical Notes and five calendar days in the case
of Global Notes prior to the Redemption Notice Date (unless the Trustee agrees to a shorter period), an Officers Certificate requesting
that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in this Section 4.03(G).

(H) Selection,
Conversion and Transfer of Notes to Be Redeemed in Part. If less than all Notes then outstanding are called for Redemption, then:

(i) the
Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Company as follows: (1) in the case of Global Notes, in accordance with the Depositary
Procedures; and (2) in the case of Physical Notes, pro rata, by lot or by such other method the Company considers fair and appropriate;
and

(ii) if
only a portion of a Note is subject to Redemption and such Note is converted in part, then the converted portion of such Note will be
deemed to be from the portion of such Note that was subject to Redemption, subject to, in the case of any Global Note, the Depositary
Procedures.

(I) Payment
of the Redemption Price. Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Redemption Price by the time proscribed by
Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Redemption Price for a Note (or portion thereof) subject to Redemption to be paid
to the Holder thereof on or before the applicable Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso
to the first sentence of Section 4.03(F) on any Note (or portion thereof) subject to Redemption must be paid pursuant
to such proviso.

(J) Special
Provisions for Partial Calls. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to this Section 4.03,
and the Holder of any Note, or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note, is reasonably not able to determine, before the
Close of Business on the thirty-second (32nd) Scheduled Trading Day (or, if, in accordance with Section 5.03(A)(i)(3), the
Company has elected to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs during the related Redemption Conversion Period,
the tenth (10th) calendar day) immediately before the Redemption Date for such Redemption, whether such Note or beneficial interest, as
applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such Redemption, then such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such
Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time during the related Redemption Conversion Period, and each such conversion will
be deemed to be of a Note called for Redemption for purposes of this Section 4.03 and Sections 5.01(C)(i)(4) and
5.07 and the definition of Make-Whole Fundamental Change. The Trustee will have no obligation to make any determination
in connection with the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to (x) any Note that
is called for Redemption (or similar language) includes any Note that is deemed to be called for Redemption pursuant to this Section 4.03(J);
and (y) any Note that is not called for Redemption (or similar language) excludes any Note that is deemed to be called for Redemption
pursuant to this Section 4.03(J).

- 38 -

Article 5 Conversion

Section 5.01.
Right to Convert.

(A) Generally.
Subject to the provisions of this Article 5, each Holder may, at its option, convert such Holders Notes into Conversion
Consideration.

(B) Conversions
in Part. Subject to the terms of this Indenture, Notes may be converted in part, but only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions
of this Article 5 applying to the conversion of a Note in whole will equally apply to conversions of a permitted portion
of a Note.

(C) When
Notes May Be Converted.

(i) Generally.
Subject to Section 5.01(C)(ii), a Note may be converted only in the following circumstances:

(1) Conversion
upon Satisfaction of Sale Price Condition. Before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before January 1, 2030,
a Holder may convert its Notes during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter
ending on June 30, 2025, if the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock exceeds one hundred and thirty percent (130%)
of the Conversion Price for each of at least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive
Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter.

(2) Conversion
upon Satisfaction of Note Trading Price Condition. Before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before January 1,
2030, a Holder may convert its Notes during the five (5) consecutive Business Days immediately after any ten (10) consecutive
Trading Day period (such ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period, the Measurement Period) if the Trading Price
per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder in accordance with the procedures set forth below,
for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price
per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. The condition set forth in the preceding sentence
is referred to in this Indenture as the Trading Price Condition.

- 39 -

The Trading Price will be determined by
the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and the definition of Trading Price.
The Bid Solicitation Agent (if not the Company) will have no obligation to determine the Trading Price of the Notes unless the Company
has requested such determination in writing, and the Company will have no obligation to make such request (or seek bids itself) unless
a Holder (or Holders) of at least five million dollars ($5,000,000) in aggregate principal amount of Notes provides the Company with reasonable
evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes would be less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the
Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If a Holder provides such evidence, then the Company will
(if acting as Bid Solicitation Agent), or will instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to, determine the Trading Price of the Notes beginning
on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than
or equal to ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and
the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. If the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth above, then the Company will notify
the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same. The Company will select the institutions to provide bids to the Bid Solicitation
Agent and will instruct such institutions to provide bids to the Bid Solicitation Agent in accordance with the definition of Trading
Price. If, on any Trading Day after the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth above, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes is greater than or equal to ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common
Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, then the Company will notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion
Agent of the same.

(3) Conversion
upon Specified Corporate Events.

(a) Certain
Distributions. If, before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before January 1, 2030, the Company elects to:

(I) distribute,
to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, any rights, options or warrants (other than rights issued pursuant to a stockholder
rights plan, so long as such rights have not separated from the Common Stock and are not exercisable until the occurrence of a triggering
event, except that such rights will be deemed to be distributed under this clause (I) upon their separation from the
Common Stock or upon the occurrence of such triggering event) entitling them, for a period of not more than sixty (60) calendar days after
the date such distribution is announced, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the
average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including,
the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced (determined in the manner set forth in the third paragraph
of Section 5.05(A)(ii)); or

- 40 -

(II) distribute,
to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, assets or securities of the Company or rights to purchase the Companys securities,
which distribution per share of Common Stock has a value, as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith, exceeding ten percent
(10%) of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced,

then, in either case, (x) the Company
will send notice of such distribution, and of the related right to convert Notes, to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent at
least thirty five (35) Scheduled Trading Days before the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or, if later in the case of any such
separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan or the occurrence of any such triggering event under a stockholder rights
plan, no later than the Business Day after the Company becomes aware that such separation or triggering event has occurred or will occur);
and (y) once the Company has sent such notice, Holders may convert their Notes at any time until the earlier of the Close of Business
on the Business Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date and the Companys announcement that such distribution will not take
place; provided, however, that the Notes will not become convertible pursuant to clause (y) above (but the Company
will be required to send notice of such distribution pursuant to clause (x) above) on account of such distribution if each Holder
participates, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Common Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder, in such distribution
without having to convert such Holders Notes and as if such Holder held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product
of (i) the Conversion Rate in effect on the record date for such distribution; and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed
in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder on such date; provided, further, that if the Company is then otherwise permitted
to settle conversions of Notes by Physical Settlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company has not elected another Settlement
Method to apply, including pursuant to Section 5.03(A)(i)(1)), then the Company may instead
elect to provide such notice at least ten (10) Scheduled Trading Days before such Ex-Dividend Date, in which case (x) the Company
must settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date occurring on or after the date the Company provides such notice and on or
before the Business Day immediately before the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or any earlier announcement by the Company that
such distribution will not take place) by Physical Settlement; and (y) such notice must state that all such conversions will be settled
by Physical Settlement.

- 41 -

(b) Certain
Corporate Events. If a Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change (other than a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause
(B) of the definition thereof) or Common Stock Change Event occurs (other than a merger or other business combination transaction
that is effected solely to change the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation and that does not constitute a Fundamental Change
or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), then, in each case, Holders may convert their Notes at any time from, and including, the effective
date of such transaction or event to, and including, the thirty fifth (35th) Trading Day after such effective date (or, if such transaction
or event also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date); provided, however, that if the Company does not provide the notice referred to in the immediately
following sentence by the Business Day after such effective date, then the last day on which the Notes are convertible pursuant to this
sentence will be extended by the number of Business Days from, and including, the Business Day after such effective date to, but excluding,
the date the Company provides such notice. No later than the Business Day after such effective date, the Company will send written notice
to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such transaction or event, such effective date and the related right to convert
Notes.

(4) Conversion
upon Redemption. If the Company calls any Note for Redemption before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately
before January 1, 2030, then the Holder of such Note may convert such Note at any time during the related Redemption Conversion Period.

(5) Conversions
During Free Convertibility Period. On or after January 1, 2030, a Holder may convert its Notes at any time until the Close of
Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date regardless of the conditions set forth in sub-paragraphs
(1), (2), (3) or (4) of this Section 5.01(C)(i).

For the avoidance of doubt, the Notes
may become convertible pursuant to any one or more of the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Section 5.01(C)(i) and the
Notes ceasing to be convertible pursuant to a particular sub-paragraph of this Section 5.01(C)(i) will not preclude the
Notes from being convertible pursuant to any other sub-paragraph of this Section 5.01(C)(i).

(ii) Limitations
and Closed Periods. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes:

- 42 -

(1) Notes
may be surrendered for conversion during a period where the Notes are convertible pursuant to Section 5.01(C) only after
the Open of Business and before the Close of Business on a Business Day;

(2) in
no event may any Note be converted after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity
Date;

(3) if
the Company calls any Note for Redemption pursuant to Section 4.03, then the Holder of such
Note may not convert such Note after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the applicable
Redemption Date, except to the extent the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price for such Note in accordance with this Indenture;
and

(4) if
a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice is validly delivered pursuant to Section 4.02(F) with respect to any Note, then
such Note may not be converted, except to the extent (a) such Note is not subject to such notice; (b) such notice is withdrawn
in accordance with Section 4.02(F); or (c) the Company fails to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for such
Note in accordance with this Indenture (or a third party fails to make such payment in lieu of the Company in accordance with Section 4.02(H)).

Section 5.02.
Conversion Procedures.

(A) Generally.

(i) Global
Notes. To convert a beneficial interest in a Global Note that is convertible pursuant to Section 5.01(C),
the owner of such beneficial interest must (1) comply with the Depositary Procedures for converting such beneficial interest (at
which time such conversion will become irrevocable); and (2) pay any amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or
Section 5.02(E).

(ii) Physical
Notes. To convert all or a portion of a Physical Note that is convertible pursuant to Section 5.01(C),
the Holder of such Note must (1) complete, manually sign and deliver to the Conversion Agent the conversion notice attached to such
Physical Note or a facsimile of such conversion notice; (2) deliver such Physical Note to the Conversion Agent (at which time such
conversion will become irrevocable); (3) furnish any endorsements and transfer documents that the Company or the Conversion Agent
may require; and (4) pay any amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.02(E).

(B) Effect
of Converting a Note. At the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for a Note (or any portion thereof) to be converted, such Note
(or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration or interest due, pursuant to Section5.03(B) or
5.02(D), as the case may be, upon such conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no Person
will be deemed to be a Holder of such Note (or such portion thereof) as of the Close of Business on such Conversion Date), except to
the extent provided in Section 5.02(D).

- 43 -

(C) Holder
of Record of Conversion Shares. The Person in whose name any share of Common Stock is issuable upon conversion of any Note will be
deemed to become the holder of record of such share as of the Close of Business on (i) the Conversion Date for such conversion, in
the case of Physical Settlement; or (ii) the last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for such conversion, in the case of
Combination Settlement.

(D) Interest
Payable upon Conversion in Certain Circumstances. If the Conversion Date of a Note is after a Regular Record Date and before the next
Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding
such conversion (and, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything set forth in the proviso to this sentence), to receive, on
or, at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but
excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest
Payment Date); and (ii) the Holder surrendering such Note for conversion must deliver to the Conversion Agent, at the time of such
surrender, an amount of cash equal to the amount of such interest referred to in clause (i) above; provided, however,
that the Holder surrendering such Note for conversion need not deliver such cash (w) if such Note is called (or deemed, pursuant
to Section 4.03(J), to be called) for Redemption and the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after such Regular
Record Date and on or before the second Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date; (x) if such Conversion Date occurs
after the Regular Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date; (y) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date that is after such Regular Record Date and on or before the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date; or (z) to
the extent of any overdue interest or interest that has accrued on any overdue interest. For the avoidance of doubt, as a result of, and
without limiting the generality of, the foregoing, if (i) a Note is converted with a Conversion Date that is after the Regular Record
Date immediately before the Maturity Date, (ii) a Note is called (or deemed called) for Redemption and the Company has specified
a Redemption Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the second Business Day immediately after the next Interest Payment
Date or (iii) the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or before
the Business Day immediately after the next Interest Payment Date, then the Company will pay, as provided above, the interest that would
have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, the Maturity Date or other applicable Interest Payment Date regardless of whether the Holder
has converted its Notes after such Regular Record Date, and such converting Holder will not be required to make a corresponding cash payment
pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.02(D). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Conversion Date of a Note to be
converted is on an Interest Payment Date, then the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on the Regular Record Date immediately
before such Interest Payment Date will be entitled to receive, on such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that has accrued on
such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date, and such Note, when surrendered for conversion, need not be accompanied by any
cash amount pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.02(D).

(E) Taxes
and Duties. If a Holder converts a Note, the Company will pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or duty due
on the issue or delivery of any shares of Common Stock upon such conversion; provided, however, that if any tax or duty
is due because such Holder requested such shares to be registered in a name other than such Holders name, then such Holder will
pay such tax or duty and, until having received a sum sufficient to pay such tax or duty, the Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver any
such shares to be issued in a name other than that of such Holder.

- 44 -

(F) Conversion
Agent to Notify Company of Conversions. If any Note is submitted for conversion to the Conversion Agent or the Conversion Agent receives
any notice of conversion with respect to a Note, then the Conversion Agent will promptly (and, in any event, no later than the date the
Conversion Agent receives such Note or notice if received prior to the Close of Business on such date) notify the Company and the Trustee
of such occurrence, together with any other information reasonably requested by the Company, and will cooperate with the Company to determine
the Conversion Date for such Note.

Section 5.03.
Settlement upon Conversion.

(A) Settlement
Method. Upon the conversion of any Note, the Company will settle such conversion by paying or delivering, as applicable and as provided
in this Article 5, either (x) shares of Common Stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of fractional shares
as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(1) (a Physical Settlement); (y) solely cash as provided
in Section 5.03(B)(i)(2) (a Cash Settlement); or (z) a combination of cash and shares of Common
Stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(3) (a Combination
Settlement).

(i) The
Companys Right to Elect Settlement Method. The Company will have the right to elect the Settlement Method applicable to any
conversion of a Note; provided, however, that:

(1) subject
to clause (3) below, all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs
on or after January 1, 2030 will be settled using the same Settlement Method, and the Company will send written notice of such Settlement
Method to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent no later than the Open of Business on January 1, 2030;

(2) subject
to clause (3) below, if the Company elects a Settlement Method with respect to the conversion of any Note whose Conversion
Date occurs before January 1, 2030, then the Company will send notice of such Settlement Method to the Holder of such Note, the
Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) no later than the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately after
such Conversion Date;

(3) if
any Notes are called for Redemption, then (a) the Company will specify, in the related Redemption Notice sent pursuant to Section 4.03(G),
the Settlement Method that will apply to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs during the related Redemption Conversion
Period; and (b) if such Redemption Date occurs on or after January 1, 2030, then such Settlement Method must be the same Settlement
Method that, pursuant to clause (1) above, applies to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after
January 1, 2030;

- 45 -

(4) the
Company will use the same Settlement Method for all conversions of Notes with the same Conversion Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt,
the Company will not be obligated to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions of Notes with different Conversion Dates,
except as provided in clause (1) or (3) above);

(5) if
the Company does not timely elect a Settlement Method with respect to the conversion of a Note, then the Company will be deemed to have
elected the Default Settlement Method (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely make such election will not constitute a
Default or Event of Default); and

(6) if
the Company timely elects Combination Settlement with respect to the conversion of a Note but does not timely notify the Holder of such
Note of the applicable Specified Dollar Amount, then the Specified Dollar Amount for such conversion will
be deemed to be $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely send such notification
will not constitute a Default or Event of Default); and

(7) the
Settlement Method will be subject to Sections 4.03(E), 5.09(A)(iv)(2)5.09(A)(2) , 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a) and
Section 5.07(D).

(ii) The
Companys Right to Irrevocably Fix the Settlement Method. The Company will have the right, exercisable at its election by (x) sending
notice of such exercise to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent) and (y) disclosing such exercise on
the Companys website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) filed with, or furnished to, the SEC,
to (1) irrevocably fix the Settlement Method that will apply to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or
after the date such notice is sent to Holders; or (2) irrevocably eliminate any one or more (but not all) Settlement Methods (including
eliminating Combination Settlement with a particular Specified Dollar Amount or range of Specified Dollar Amounts) with respect to all
conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders; provided that the
Settlement Method so elected pursuant to clause (1) above, or the Settlement Method(s) remaining after any elimination
pursuant to clause (2) above, as applicable, must be a Settlement Method or Settlement Method(s), as applicable, that the
Company is then permitted to elect (for the avoidance of doubt, including pursuant to, and subject to, the other provisions of this Section 5.03(A)).
Such notice, if sent, must set forth the Settlement Method so elected, or the Settlement Method(s) so eliminated, as applicable,
and expressly state that the election is irrevocable and applicable to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on
or after the date such notice is sent to Holders. Upon any such irrevocable election pursuant to clause (1) above, the Default
Settlement Method will automatically be deemed to be set to the Settlement Method so elected; and upon any such irrevocable election
pursuant to clause (2) above, the Company will, if needed, simultaneously change the Default Settlement Method to a Settlement
Method that is consistent with such irrevocable election. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding sentences of this
paragraph, no such change in the Default Settlement Method or irrevocable election will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected
(or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to this Indenture (including pursuant to this Section 5.03(A)).
For the avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made, will be effective without the need to amend this Indenture or the
Notes, including pursuant to Section 8.01(G) (it being understood, however, that
the Company may nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its option).

- 46 -

(B) Conversion
Consideration.

(i) Generally.
Subject to Sections 5.03(B)(ii), 5.03(B)(iii) and
5.09(A)(2), the type and amount of consideration (the Conversion Consideration) due in respect of each $1,000
principal amount of a Note to be converted will be as follows:

(1) if
Physical Settlement applies to such conversion, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion
Date for such conversion;

(2) if
Cash Settlement applies to such conversion, cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each VWAP Trading Day
in the Observation Period for such conversion; or

(3) if
Combination Settlement applies to such conversion, consideration consisting of (a) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
sum of the Daily Share Amounts for each VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such conversion; and (b) an amount of cash
equal to the sum of the Daily Cash Amounts for each VWAP Trading Day in such Observation Period.

(ii) Cash
in Lieu of Fractional Shares. If Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to the conversion of any Note and the number
of shares of Common Stock deliverable pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i) upon such conversion
is not a whole number, then such number will be rounded down to the nearest whole number and the Company will deliver, in addition to
the other consideration due upon such conversion, cash in lieu of the related fractional share in an amount equal to the product of (1) such
fraction and (2) (x) the Daily VWAP on the applicable Conversion Date for such conversion (or, if such Conversion Date is not
a VWAP Trading Day, the immediately preceding VWAP Trading Day), in the case of Physical Settlement; or (y) the Daily VWAP on the
last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for such conversion, in the case of Combination Settlement.

(iii) Conversion
of Multiple Notes by a Single Holder. If a Holder converts more than one (1) Note on a single Conversion Date, then the Conversion
Consideration due in respect of such conversion will (in the case of any Global Note, to the extent permitted by, and practicable under,
the Depositary Procedures) be computed based on the total principal amount of Notes converted on such Conversion Date by such Holder.

(iv) Notice
of Calculation of Conversion Consideration. If Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to the conversion of any Note, then
the Company will determine the Conversion Consideration due thereupon promptly following the last VWAP Trading Day of the applicable Observation
Period and will promptly thereafter send notice to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same and the calculation thereof in reasonable
detail. Neither the Trustee, the Conversion Agent nor the Paying Agent will have any duty to make any such determination.

- 47 -

(C) Delivery
of the Conversion Consideration. Except as set forth in Sections 5.05(D), 5.07(D) and 5.09, the Company
will pay or deliver, as applicable, the Conversion Consideration due upon the conversion of any Note to the Holder as follows: (i) if
Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to such conversion, on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after the
last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for such conversion; and (ii) if Physical Settlement applies to such conversion,
on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after the Conversion Date for such conversion; provided, however,
that if Physical Settlement applies to the conversion of any Note with a Conversion Date that is after the Regular Record Date immediately
before the Maturity Date, then, solely for purposes of such conversion, (x) the Company will pay or deliver, as applicable, the
Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion no later than the Maturity Date (or, if the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, the
next Business Day); and (y) the Conversion Date will instead be deemed to be the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the
Maturity Date.

(D) Deemed
Payment of Principal and Interest; Settlement of Accrued Interest Notwithstanding Conversion. If a Holder converts a Note, then the
Company will not adjust the Conversion Rate to account for any accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, and, except as provided in Section 5.02(D),
the Companys delivery of the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such conversion will be deemed to fully satisfy and discharge
the Companys obligation to pay the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, such Note to, but excluding the Conversion
Date. As a result, except as provided in Section 5.02(D), any accrued and unpaid interest on a converted Note will be deemed
to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. In addition, subject to Section 5.02(D), if the Conversion
Consideration for a Note consists of both cash and shares of Common Stock, then accrued and unpaid interest that is deemed to be paid
therewith will be deemed to be paid first out of such cash.

Section 5.04.
Reserve and Status of Common Stock Issued upon Conversion.

(A) Stock
Reserve. At all times when any Notes are outstanding, the Company will reserve, out of its authorized, unreserved and not outstanding
shares of Common Stock, a number of shares of Common Stock sufficient to permit the conversion of all then-outstanding Notes, assuming
(x) Physical Settlement will apply to such conversion; and (y) the Conversion Rate is increased by the maximum amount pursuant
to which the Conversion Rate may be increased pursuant to Section 5.07. To the extent the Company delivers shares of Common
Stock held in its treasury in settlement of the conversion of any Notes, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock in connection therewith will be deemed to include such delivery, mutatis mutandis.

(B) Status
of Conversion Shares; Listing. Each Conversion Share, if any, delivered upon conversion of any Note will be a newly issued or treasury
share (except that any Conversion Share delivered by a designated financial institution pursuant to Section 5.08 need not
be a newly issued or treasury share) and will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free from preemptive rights and
free of any lien or adverse claim (except to the extent of any lien or adverse claim created by the action or inaction of the Holder of
such Note or the Person to whom such Conversion Share will be delivered). If the Common Stock is then listed on any securities exchange,
or quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system, then the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Conversion Share,
when delivered upon conversion of any Note, to be admitted for listing on such exchange or quotation on such system.

- 48 -

Section 5.05.
Adjustments to the Conversion Rate.

(A) Events
Requiring an Adjustment to the Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate will be adjusted from time to time as follows:

(i) Stock
Dividends, Splits and Combinations. If the Company issues solely shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially
all shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock combination of the Common Stock (in each case excluding
an issuance solely pursuant to a Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09
will apply), then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula:

where:

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately
before the Open of Business on the effective date of such stock split or stock combination, as applicable;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date, as applicable;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date,
as applicable, without giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock
combination.

If any dividend or distribution of the
type described in this Section 5.05(A)(i) is declared, but not so paid, then the Conversion Rate will be readjusted,
effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would
then be in effect had such dividend or distribution not been declared.

- 49 -

(ii) Rights,
Options and Warrants. If the Company distributes, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, rights, options or warrants
(other than rights issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as to which Sections 5.05(A)(iii)(1) and
5.05(F) will apply) entitling such holders, for a period of not more than sixty
(60) calendar days after the date such distribution is announced, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per
share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading
Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced, then the Conversion Rate will
be increased based on the following formula:

where:

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = a number of shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants
by (y) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending
on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced.

To the extent that shares of Common
Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants (including as a result of such rights, options or warrants
not being exercised), the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase to the
Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered
upon exercise of such rights, options or warrants. To the extent such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion
Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution of such rights,
options or warrants not occurred.

For purposes of this Section 5.05(A)(ii) and
Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a)(I), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle holders of Common Stock to subscribe
for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of
Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date the
distribution of such rights, options or warrants is announced, and in determining the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights,
options or warrants, there will be taken into account any consideration the Company receives for such rights, options or warrants and
any amount payable on exercise thereof, with the value of such consideration, if not cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith.

- 50 -

(iii) Spin-Offs
and Other Distributed Property.

(1) Distributions
Other than Spin-Offs. If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness or other assets or property
of the Company, or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock of the Company or other securities, to all or substantially all
holders of the Common Stock, excluding:

(u) dividends,
distributions, rights, options or warrants for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or would be required without regard
to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(i) or 5.05(A)(ii);

(v) dividends
or distributions paid exclusively in cash for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or would be required without regard
to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iv);

(w) rights
issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, except to the extent provided in Section 5.05(F);

(x) Spin-Offs
for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or would be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant
to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2);

(y) a
distribution solely pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock, as to which Section 5.05(A)(v) will
apply; and

(z) a
distribution solely pursuant to a Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply,

then the Conversion Rate will be increased
based on the following formula:

where:

- 51 -

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and
including, the Trading Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith), as of such Ex-Dividend Date, of the shares of Capital Stock, evidences
of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants distributed per share of Common Stock pursuant to such distribution;

provided, however, that
if FMV is equal to or greater than SP, then, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will
receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such distribution, at the same time and
on the same terms as holders of Common Stock, without having to convert its Notes, the amount and kind of shares of Capital Stock, evidences
of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants that such Holder would have received if such Holder had owned, on such
record date, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on such record date.

To the extent such distribution is not
so paid or made, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made
on the basis of only the distribution, if any, actually made or paid.

(2) Spin-Offs.
If the Company distributes or dividends shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interests, of or relating to
an Affiliate, a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock (other than
solely pursuant to (x) a Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply; or (y) a tender offer
or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock, as to which Section 5.05(A)(v) will apply), and such Capital Stock or
equity interests are listed or quoted (or will be listed or quoted upon the consummation of the transaction) on a U.S. national securities
exchange (a Spin-Off), then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula:

where:

- 52 -

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such
Spin-Off;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period;

FMV = the product of (x) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share or unit of the Capital Stock or equity interests distributed
in such Spin-Off over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (the Spin-Off Valuation Period) beginning
on, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off (such average to be determined as if references to Common Stock in the definitions
of Last Reported Sale Price, Trading Day and Market Disruption Event were instead references to such Capital Stock or equity interests);
and (y) the number of shares or units of such Capital Stock or equity interests distributed per share of Common Stock in such Spin-Off;
and

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for each Trading Day in the Spin-Off Valuation Period.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2), (i) if any VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for a Note whose conversion will
be settled pursuant to Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement occurs during the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off, then,
solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such conversion, such Spin-Off Valuation Period will
be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off to, and including,
such VWAP Trading Day; and (ii) if the Conversion Date for a Note whose conversion will be settled pursuant to Physical Settlement
occurs during the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off, then, solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Consideration for
such conversion, such Spin-Off Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including,
the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off to, and including, such Conversion Date.

To the extent any dividend or distribution
of the type set forth in this Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2) is declared but not made or paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted
to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if
any, actually made or paid.

(iv) Cash
Dividends or Distributions. If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, then
the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula:

- 53 -

where:

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP = the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date; and

D = the cash amount distributed per share of Common Stock in such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, that
if D is equal to or greater than SP, then, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will
receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such dividend or distribution, at the same
time and on the same terms as holders of Common Stock, without having to convert its Notes, the amount of cash that such Holder would
have received if such Holder had owned, on such record date, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect
on such record date.

To the extent such dividend or distribution
is declared but not made or paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment
been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if any, actually made or paid.

(v) Tender
Offers or Exchange Offers. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender offer or exchange offer
for shares of Common Stock (other than solely pursuant to an odd-lot tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(5) under the Exchange
Act (or any successor rule)), and the value (determined as of the Expiration Time by the Company in good faith) of the cash and other
consideration paid per share of Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer exceeds the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common
Stock on the Trading Day immediately after the last date (the Expiration Date) on which tenders or exchanges may
be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (as it may be amended), then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following
formula:

- 54 -

where:

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation
Period for such tender or exchange offer;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation
Period;

AC = the aggregate value, as of the time such tender or exchange offer expires (the Expiration Time), of all cash and
other consideration paid for shares of Common Stock purchased or exchanged in such tender or exchange offer (such aggregate value to
be determined, other than with respect to cash, by the Company in good faith);

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Expiration Time (including all shares of Common Stock accepted
for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Time (excluding all shares of Common Stock accepted
for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (the Tender/Exchange
Offer Valuation Period) beginning on, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date;

provided, however, that
the Conversion Rate will in no event be adjusted down pursuant to this Section 5.05(A)(v), except to the extent provided in
the immediately following paragraph. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.05(A)(v), (i) if any
VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for a Note whose conversion will be settled pursuant to Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement
occurs during the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer, then, solely for purposes of determining the
Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such conversion, such Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of
the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date for such tender or
exchange offer to, and including, such VWAP Trading Day; and (ii) if the Conversion Date for a Note whose conversion will be settled
pursuant to Physical Settlement occurs during the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer, then, solely
for purposes of determining the Conversion Consideration for such conversion, such Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period will be deemed
to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date to,
and including, such Conversion Date.

To the extent such tender or exchange
offer is announced but not consummated (including as a result of being precluded from consummating such tender or exchange offer under
applicable law), or any purchases or exchanges of shares of Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer are rescinded, the Conversion
Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the purchases
or exchanges of shares of Common Stock, if any, actually made, and not rescinded, in such tender or exchange offer.

- 55 -

(B) No
Adjustments in Certain Cases.

(i) Where
Holders Participate in the Transaction or Event Without Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.05(A),
the Company will not be obligated to adjust the Conversion Rate on account of a transaction or other event otherwise requiring an adjustment
pursuant to Section 5.05(A) (other than a stock split or combination of the type
set forth in Section 5.05(A)(i) or a tender or exchange offer of the type set forth
in Section 5.05(A)(v)) if each Holder participates, at the same time and on the same
terms as holders of Common Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder of Notes, in such transaction or event without having to convert
such Holders Notes and as if such Holder held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion
Rate in effect on the related record date; and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such
Holder on such date.

(ii) Certain
Events. The Company will not be required to adjust the Conversion Rate except as provided in Section 5.05
or Section 5.07. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will not be obligated to
adjust the Conversion Rate on account of:

(1) except
as otherwise provided in Section 5.05,
the sale of shares of Common Stock for a purchase price that is less than the market price per share of Common Stock or less than the
Conversion Price;

(2) the
issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest
payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any such plan;

(3) the
issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future employee,
director or consultant benefit plan or program of, or assumed by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(4) the
issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or convertible or exchangeable security of the Company outstanding
as of the Issue Date;

(5) solely
a change in the par value of the Common Stock; or

(6) accrued
and unpaid interest on the Notes.

- 56 -

(C) Adjustment
Deferral. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required by this Article 5 would result in a change of less
than one percent (1%) to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5, the Company
may, at its election, defer such adjustment, except that all such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest
of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result in an aggregate change of at least one percent (1%) to the
Conversion Rate; (ii) the Conversion Date of, or any VWAP Trading Day of an Observation Period for, any Note; (iii) the effective
date of a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date; (iv) any Redemption Notice Date; and (v) January 1,
2030.

(D) Adjustments
Not Yet Effective. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if:

(i) a
Note is to be converted pursuant to Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement;

(ii) the
record date, effective date or Expiration Time for any event that requires an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) has
occurred on or before the Conversion Date for such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or on or before any VWAP Trading Day
in the Observation Period for such conversion (in the case of Combination Settlement), but an adjustment to the Conversion Rate for such
event has not yet become effective as of such Conversion Date or VWAP Trading Day, as applicable;

(iii) the
Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) includes any whole shares of Common Stock or due
in respect of such VWAP Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement) includes any whole or fractional shares of Common Stock; and

(iv) such
shares are not entitled to participate in such event (because they were not held on the related record date or otherwise),

then, solely for purposes of such conversion,
the Company will, without duplication, give effect to such adjustment on such Conversion Date (in the case of Physical Settlement) or
such VWAP Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement). In such case, if the date on which the Company is otherwise required to
deliver the consideration due upon such conversion is before the first date on which the amount of such adjustment can be determined,
then the Company will delay the settlement of such conversion until the second (2nd) Business Day after such determination date.

(E) Conversion
Rate Adjustments where Converting Holders Participate in the Relevant Transaction or Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Indenture or the Notes, if:

(i) a
Conversion Rate adjustment for any dividend or distribution becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date pursuant to Section 5.05(A);

- 57 -

(ii) a
Note is to be converted pursuant to Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement;

(iii) the
Conversion Date for such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or any VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such conversion
(in the case of Combination Settlement) occurs on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or before the related record date;

(iv) the
Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) includes any whole shares of Common Stock or due
in respect of such VWAP Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement) includes any whole or fractional shares of Common Stock, in
each case based on a Conversion Rate that is adjusted for such dividend or distribution; and

(v) such
shares would be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution (including pursuant to Section 5.02(C)),

then (x) in the case of Physical Settlement,
such Conversion Rate adjustment will not be given effect for such conversion and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion
based on such unadjusted Conversion Rate will not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution, but there will be added,
to the consideration otherwise due upon such conversion, the same kind and amount of consideration that would have been delivered in such
dividend or distribution with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares been entitled to participate in such dividend or
distribution; and (y) in the case of Combination Settlement, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date will
be made for such conversion in respect of such VWAP Trading Day, but the shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to such VWAP Trading
Day based on such adjusted Conversion Rate will not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution.

(F) Stockholder
Rights Plans. If any shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon conversion of any Note and, at the time of such conversion, the
Company has in effect any stockholder rights plan, then the Holder of such Note will be entitled to receive, in addition to, and concurrently
with the delivery of, the Conversion Consideration otherwise payable under this Indenture upon such conversion, the rights set forth
in such stockholder rights plan, unless such rights have separated from the Common Stock at such time, in which case, and only in such
case, the Conversion Rate will be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) on
account of such separation as if, at the time of such separation, the Company had made a distribution of the type referred to in such
Section to all holders of the Common Stock, subject to readjustment in accordance with such Section if such rights expire,
terminate or are redeemed.

(G) Limitation
on Effecting Transactions Resulting in Certain Adjustments. The Company will not engage in or be a party to any transaction or event
that would require the Conversion Rate to be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A) or Section 5.07 to an amount
that would result in the Conversion Price per share of Common Stock being less than the par value per share of Common Stock.

- 58 -

(H) Equitable
Adjustments to Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices, the
Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Cash Amounts or the Daily Share Amounts over a period of multiple days (including
over an Observation Period and the period, if any, for determining the Stock Price for purposes of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), the
Company will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, make appropriate adjustments, if any, to each to account for
any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend
Date, effective date, or Expiration Date of the event occurs, at any time during such period.

(I) Calculation
of Number of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock. For purposes of Section 5.05(A), the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding at any time will (i) include shares issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of
Common Stock; and (ii) exclude shares of Common Stock held in the Companys treasury (unless the Company pays any dividend
or makes any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in its treasury).

(J) Calculations.
All calculations with respect to the Conversion Rate and adjustments thereto will be made to the nearest 1/10,000th of a share of Common
Stock (with 5/100,000ths rounded upward).

(K) Notice
of Conversion Rate Adjustments. Upon the effectiveness of any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A),
the Company will promptly send notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent containing (i) a brief description of
the transaction or other event on account of which such adjustment was made; (ii) the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after
such adjustment; and (iii) the effective time of such adjustment.

Section 5.06.
Voluntary Adjustments.

(A) Generally.
To the extent permitted by law and applicable stock exchange rules, the Company, from time to time, may (but is not required to) increase
the Conversion Rate by any amount if (i) the Board of Directors determines that such increase is either (x) in the best interest
of the Company; or (y) advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax imposed on holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common
Stock as a result of any dividend or distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) of Common Stock or any similar event; and (ii) such
increase is irrevocably in effect for a period of at least twenty (20) Business Days.

(B) Notice
of Voluntary Increases. If the Board of Directors determines to increase the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.06(A),
then, no later than the first Business Day of the related twenty (20) Business Day period referred to in Section 5.06(A),
the Company will send notice to each Holder, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such increase, the amount thereof and the period
during which such increase will be in effect.

- 59 -

Section 5.07.
Adjustments to the Conversion Rate in Connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change.

(A) Generally.
If a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs and the Conversion Date for the conversion of a Note occurs during the related Make-Whole Fundamental
Change Conversion Period, then, subject to this Section 5.07, the Conversion Rate applicable to such conversion will be increased
by a number of shares (the Additional Shares) set forth in the table below corresponding (after interpolation as
provided in, and subject to, the provisions below) to the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date and the Stock Price of such Make-Whole
Fundamental Change:

Stock Price 

Make-Whole Fundamental

Change Effective Date $2.40 $2.60 $2.80 $3.00 $3.45 $3.90 $5.00 $7.50 $10.00 $15.00 $20.00 $25.00 

April 8, 2025 83.3333 83.3333 73.8643 65.6733 51.6754 41.7949 26.9760 12.5640 6.6930 1.9907 0.4110 0.0000 

April 1, 2026 83.3333 82.0192 71.5750 63.0167 48.6406 38.7436 24.3960 11.1453 5.9220 1.7500 0.3450 0.0000 

April 1, 2027 83.3333 78.4577 67.3250 58.3433 43.6493 33.9000 20.5200 9.1400 4.8550 1.4133 0.2395 0.0000 

April 1, 2028 83.3333 73.1846 60.9607 51.3367 36.2406 26.8590 15.1920 6.6107 3.5590 1.0280 0.1315 0.0000 

April 1, 2029 83.3333 64.6308 50.3071 39.5533 24.1826 16.0256 8.0040 3.5507 1.9850 0.5680 0.0310 0.0000 

April 1, 2030 83.3333 51.2821 23.8096 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

If such Make-Whole Fundamental
Change Effective Date or Stock Price is not set forth in the table above, then:

(i) if
such Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date is between two dates
in the table above, then the number of Additional Shares will be determined by straight-line interpolation between the numbers of Additional
Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices in the table above or the earlier and later dates in the table above, based on
a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable; and

(ii) if
the Stock Price is greater than $25.00 (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings
of the table above are adjusted pursuant to Section 5.07(B)), or less than $2.40 (subject
to adjustment in the same manner), per share, then no Additional Shares will be added to the Conversion Rate.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, in no event will the Conversion Rate be increased to an amount that exceeds 416.6666 shares
of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which amount is subject to adjustment in the same manner as, and at the same time
and for the same events for which, the Conversion Rate is required to be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A).

For the avoidance of doubt,
but subject to Section 4.03(J), (x) the sending of a
Redemption Notice will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called for Redemption pursuant to such
Redemption Notice, and not with respect to any other Notes; and (y) the Conversion Rate applicable to the Notes not so called for
Redemption will not be subject to increase pursuant to this Section 5.07
on account of such Redemption Notice.

(B) Adjustment
of Stock Prices and Number of Additional Shares. The Stock Prices in the first row (that is, the column headers) of the table set
forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which,
the Conversion Price is adjusted as a result of the operation of Section 5.05(A). The numbers of Additional Shares in the
table set forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events
for which, the Conversion Rate is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A).

- 60 -

(C) Notice
of the Occurrence of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. The Company will notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of
each Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof in accordance with Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b).

(D) Settlement
of Cash Make-Whole Fundamental Changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if holders of Common Stock receive solely cash in connection with
a Common Stock Change Event that also constitutes a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, then, pursuant to Section 5.09, conversions
of Notes will thereafter be settled no later than the second (2nd) Business Day after the relevant Conversion Date.

Section 5.08.
Exchange in Lieu of Conversion.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Article 5, and subject to
the terms of this Section 5.08, if a Note is submitted
for conversion, the Company may elect to arrange to have such Note exchanged in lieu of conversion by a financial institution designated
by the Company. To make such election, the Company must send written notice of such election to the Holder of such Note, the Trustee
and the Conversion Agent before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately following the Conversion Date for such Note. If
the Company has made such election, then:

(A) no
later than the Business Day immediately following such Conversion Date, the Company must deliver (or cause the Conversion Agent to deliver)
such Note, together with delivery instructions for the Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion (including wire instructions,
if applicable), to a financial institution designated by the Company that has agreed to pay and/or deliver such Conversion Consideration
(or such other amount agreed to by the Holder and the financial institution) in the manner and at the time the Company would have had
to pay and/or deliver the same pursuant to this Article 5;

(B) if
such Note is a Global Note, then (i) such designated institution will send written confirmation to the Conversion Agent promptly
after wiring the cash Conversion Consideration, if any, and delivering any other Conversion Consideration (or such other consideration
agreed to by the Holder and the financial institution), due upon such conversion to the Holder of such Note; and (ii) the Conversion
Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter contact such Holders custodian with the Depositary to confirm receipt of
the same; and

(C) such
Note will not cease to be outstanding by reason of such exchange in lieu of conversion;

provided, however, that if such
financial institution does not accept such Note or fails to timely deliver the Conversion Consideration (or such other amount agreed
to by the Holder and the financial institution) as set forth in Section 5.08(A),
then the Company will be responsible for delivering the Conversion Consideration in the manner and at the time provided in this Article 5
as if the Company had not elected to make an exchange in lieu of conversion. The Conversion Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely
upon the Companys instruction in connection with effecting such exchange election and will have no liability in respect of such
exchange election.

- 61 -

Section 5.09.
Effect of Common Stock Change Event.

(A) Generally.
If there occurs any:

(i) recapitalization,
reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than (x) changes solely resulting from a subdivision or combination of the
Common Stock, (y) a change only in par value or from par value to no par value or no par value to par value or (z) stock splits
and stock combinations that do not involve the issuance of any other series or class of securities);

(ii) consolidation,
merger, combination or binding or statutory share exchange involving the Company;

(iii) sale,
lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person;
or

(iv) other
similar event,

and, as a result of which, the Common Stock is
converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or other property, or any combination
of the foregoing (such an event, a Common Stock Change Event, and such other securities, cash or property, the Reference
Property, and the amount and kind of Reference Property that a holder of one (1) share of Common Stock would be entitled
to receive on account of such Common Stock Change Event (without giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or deliver a fractional
portion of any security or other property), a Reference Property Unit), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Indenture or the Notes,

(1) from
and after the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, (I) the Conversion Consideration due upon conversion of any Note,
and the conditions to any such conversion, will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares of Common
Stock in this Article 5 (or in any related definitions) were instead a reference to the same number of Reference Property
Units; (II) for purposes of Section 4.03, each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in such Section (or
in any related definitions) will instead be deemed to be a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; and (III) for
purposes of the definitions of Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change, references to Common
Stock and the Companys common equity will be deemed to mean the common equity, if any, forming part of such
Reference Property;

(2) if
such Reference Property Unit consists entirely of cash, then (I) each conversion of any Note with a Conversion Date that occurs
on or after the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event will be settled entirely in cash in an amount, per $1,000 principal
amount of such Note being converted, equal to the product of (x) the Conversion Rate in effect on such Conversion Date (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any increase to such Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.07, if applicable); and (y) the
amount of cash constituting such Reference Property Unit; and (II) the Company will settle each such conversion no later than the
second (2nd) Business Day after the relevant Conversion Date; and

- 62 -

(3) for
these purposes, (I) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that consists of a class of common equity securities
will be determined by reference to the definition of Daily VWAP, substituting, if applicable, the Bloomberg page for
such class of securities in such definition; and (II) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does
not consist of a class of common equity securities, and the Last Reported Sale Price of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof
that does not consist of a class of securities, will be the fair value of such Reference Property Unit or portion thereof, as applicable,
determined in good faith by the Company (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof).

If the Reference Property
consists of more than a single type of consideration to be determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election, then the composition
of the Reference Property Unit will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received,
per share of Common Stock, by the holders of Common Stock. The Company will notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other
than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made.

At or before the effective
time of such Common Stock Change Event, the Company and the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (if not the Company) of such Common
Stock Change Event (the Successor Person) will execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant
to Section 8.01(F), which supplemental indenture will (x) provide
for subsequent conversions of Notes in the manner set forth in this Section 5.09;
(y) provide for subsequent adjustments to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) in
a manner consistent with this Section 5.09; and (z) contain
such other provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders
and to give effect to the provisions of this Section 5.09(A).
If the Reference Property includes shares of stock or other securities or assets (other than cash) of a Person other than the Successor
Person, then such other Person will also execute such supplemental indenture and such supplemental indenture will contain such additional
provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders.

(B) Notice
of Common Stock Change Events. The Company will provide notice of each Common Stock Change Event to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion
Agent no later than the Business Day after the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event.

(C) Compliance
Covenant. The Company will not become a party to any Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 5.09.

- 63 -

Article 6 Successors

Section 6.01.
When the Company May Merge, Etc.

(A) Generally.
The Company will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or (directly, or indirectly through one or more of its Subsidiaries) sell,
lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (a Business Combination Event), unless:

(i) the
resulting, surviving or transferee Person either (x) is the Company or (y) if not the Company, is a corporation (or, if such
Business Combination Event is an Exempted Fundamental Change, is a corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership or other
similar entity) (the Successor Entity) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America,
any State thereof or the District of Columbia that expressly assumes (by executing and delivering to the Trustee, at or before the effective
time of such Business Combination Event, a supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 8.01(E))
all of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes; and

(ii) immediately
after giving effect to such Business Combination Event, no Default or Event of Default will have occurred and be continuing.

(B) Delivery
of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee. Before the effective time of any Business Combination Event,
the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, each stating that (i) such Business
Combination Event (and, if applicable, the related supplemental indenture) comply with Section 6.01(A); and (ii) all
conditions precedent to such Business Combination Event provided in this Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 6.02.
Successor Entity Substituted.

At the effective time of any
Business Combination Event that complies with Section 6.01,
the Successor Entity (if not the Company) will succeed to, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture
and the Notes with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company in this Indenture and the Notes, and, except
in the case of a lease, the predecessor Company will be discharged from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes.

Section 6.03.
Exclusion for Asset Transfers with Wholly Owned Subsidiaries.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Article 6, this Article 6
will not apply to any transfer of assets between or among the Company and any one or more of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries not effected
by merger or consolidation.

- 64 -

Article 7 Defaults
and Remedies

Section 7.01.
Events of Default.

(A) Definition
of Events of Default. Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the following:

(i) a
default in the payment when due (whether at maturity, upon Redemption, Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or otherwise) of the principal
of, or the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for, any Note;

(ii) a
default for thirty (30) consecutive days in the payment when due of interest on any Note;

(iii) the
Companys failure to deliver, when required by this Indenture, (x) a Fundamental Change Notice, or (y) a notice pursuant
to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3), or (z) a notice of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (other
than a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof) pursuant to the provisions referred
to in Section 5.07(C), and, in the case of clause (x) only, such failure
is not cured within five (5) days after its occurrence;

(iv) a
default in the Companys obligation to convert a Note in accordance with Article 5
upon the exercise of the conversion right with respect thereto, if such default is not cured within five (5) days after its occurrence;

(v) a
default in the Companys obligations under Article 6;

(vi) a
default in any of the Companys obligations or agreements under this Indenture or the Notes (other than a default set forth in clause(i), (ii), (iii),
(iv) or (v) of this Section 7.01(A))
where such default is not cured or waived within sixty (60) days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee, or to the Company
and the Trustee by Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, which notice
must specify such default, demand that it be remedied and state that such notice is a Notice of Default;

(vii) a
default by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries with respect to any one or more mortgages, agreements or other instruments
under which there is outstanding, or by which there is secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed of at least two hundred
million dollars ($200,000,000) (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries,
whether such indebtedness exists as of the Issue Date or is thereafter created, where such default:

(1) constitutes
a failure to pay the principal of such indebtedness when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration
of acceleration or otherwise, in each case after the expiration of any applicable grace period; or

- 65 -

(2) results
in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable before its stated maturity,

in each case where such default is not
cured or waived within thirty (30) days after notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at
least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding;

(viii) the
Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, either:

(1) commences
a voluntary case or proceeding;

(2) consents
to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding;

(3) consents
to the appointment of a custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property;

(4) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors;

(5) takes
any comparable action under any foreign Bankruptcy Law; or

(6) generally
is not paying its debts as they become due; or

(ix) a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that either:

(1) is
for relief against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in an involuntary case or proceeding;

(2) appoints
a custodian of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or for any substantial part of the property of the Company or any of
its Significant Subsidiaries;

(3) orders
the winding up or liquidation of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; or

(4) grants
any similar relief under any foreign Bankruptcy Law,

and, in each case under this Section 7.01(A)(ix),
such order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for at least sixty (60) days.

(B) Cause
Irrelevant. Each of the events set forth in Section 7.01(A) will constitute an Event of Default regardless of the
cause thereof or whether voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any
court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body.

- 66 -

Section 7.02.
Acceleration.

(A) Automatic
Acceleration in Certain Circumstances. If an Event of Default set forth in Section 7.01(A)(viii) or 7.01(A)(ix) occurs
with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a Significant Subsidiary of the Company), then the principal amount of, and
all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action
or notice by any Person.

(B) Optional
Acceleration. Subject to Section 7.03, if an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default set forth in Section 7.01(A)(viii) or
7.01(A)(ix) with respect to the Company and not solely with respect to a Significant Subsidiary of the Company) occurs and
is continuing, then the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal
amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and
unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately.

(C) Rescission
of Acceleration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, on behalf of all Holders, rescind any acceleration
of the Notes and its consequences if (i) such rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction;
and (ii) all existing Events of Default (except the non-payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes that has become due solely
because of such acceleration) have been cured or waived. No such rescission will affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent
thereto.

(D) Certain
Cures. For the avoidance of doubt, any failure by the Company to provide any notice under this Indenture other than as set forth
in Section 7.01(A)(iii) shall be subject to Section 7.01(A)(vi) (including the sixty (60) day cure
period contained therein), and any related Default or Event of Default shall be deemed cured upon delivery of such notice to the applicable
recipient prior to (i) the expiration of such sixty (60) day period provided for in Section 7.01(A)(vi) or (ii) if
later, the delivery of a notice of acceleration with respect to such Default or Event of Default, in each case, whether or not the events
or circumstances that are the subject of such notice have already occurred at the time such notice is given.

Section 7.03.
Sole Remedy for a Failure to Report.

(A) Generally.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Company may elect that the sole remedy for any Event of
Default (a Reporting Event of Default) pursuant to Section 7.01(A)(vi) arising from the Companys
failure to comply with Section 3.02 will, for each of the first three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar days on which a Reporting
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, consist exclusively of the accrual of Special Interest on the Notes. If the Company
has made such an election, then (i) the Notes will be subject to acceleration pursuant to Section 7.02 on account of
the relevant Reporting Event of Default from, and including, the three hundred sixty-sixth (366th) calendar day on which a Reporting
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if the Company fails to pay any accrued and unpaid Special Interest when due; and
(ii) Special Interest will cease to accrue on any Notes from, and including, such three hundred sixty-sixth (366th) calendar day
(it being understood that interest on any defaulted Special Interest will nonetheless accrue pursuant to Section 2.05(B)).

- 67 -

(B) Amount
and Payment of Special Interest. Any Special Interest that accrues on a Note pursuant to Section 7.03(A) will be
payable on the same dates and in the same manner as the Stated Interest on such Note and will accrue at a rate per annum equal to one
quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the principal amount thereof for the first one hundred eighty (180) days on which Special Interest
accrues and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to one half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided,
however, that in no event will Special Interest, together with any Additional Interest, accrue on any day on a Note at a combined
rate per annum that exceeds one percent (1.00%). For the avoidance of doubt, any Special Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition
to the Stated Interest that accrues on such Note and, subject to the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence, in addition to any
Additional Interest that accrues on such Note. If a Reporting Event of Default giving rise to the Companys obligation to pay Special
Interest pursuant to Section 7.03(A) initially occurs on or after the Close of Business on a Regular Record Date and
prior to the Open of Business on the corresponding Interest Payment Date, the Special Interest that accrues during such period will be
due on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding such corresponding Interest Payment Date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of
such delay.

(C) Notice
of Election. To make the election set forth in Section 7.03(A), the Company must send to the Holders, the Trustee and
the Paying Agent, before the date on which each Reporting Event of Default first occurs, a written notice that (i) briefly describes
the report(s) that the Company failed to file with the SEC; (ii) states that the Company is electing that the sole remedy for
such Reporting Event of Default consist of the accrual of Special Interest; and (iii) briefly describes the periods during which
and rate at which Special Interest will accrue and the circumstances under which the Notes will be subject to acceleration on account
of such Reporting Event of Default.

For the avoidance of doubt,
if (x) the Company timely elects to pay Special Interest pursuant to Section 7.03(A) as the sole remedy during
the first three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar days after the occurrence of a Reporting Event of Default in accordance with the immediately
preceding paragraph, (y) the Company pays such Special Interest in accordance with Section 7.03 and this Indenture and
(z) the Company files the delinquent reports that were required to be filed and that gave rise to the relevant Reporting Event of
Default (in each case in clause (z) pursuant to the provisions set forth in Section 3.02) prior to the three hundred
sixty-sixth (366th) calendar day after the occurrence of such Reporting Event of Default (or prior to the delivery of any related notice
of acceleration on or after such three hundred sixty-sixth (366th) calendar day), then the Event of Default related to such Reporting
Event of Default shall be deemed cured and the Notes shall not be subject to acceleration as a result of the initial failure to comply
with the Companys obligations as set forth in Section 3.02.

(D) Notice
to Trustee and Paying Agent; Trustees Disclaimer. If Special Interest accrues on any Note, then, no later than five (5) Business
Days before each date on which such Special Interest is to be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee
and the Paying Agent stating (i) that the Company is obligated to pay Special Interest on such Note on such date of payment; and
(ii) the amount of such Special Interest that is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether
any Special Interest is payable or the amount thereof.

- 68 -

(E) No
Effect on Other Events of Default. No election pursuant to this Section 7.03 with respect to a Reporting Event of Default
will affect the rights of any Holder with respect to any other Event of Default, including with respect to any other Reporting Event
of Default.

Section 7.04.
Other Remedies.

(A) Trustee
May Pursue All Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to
collect the payment of any amounts due with respect to the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of this Indenture or the
Notes.

(B) Procedural
Matters. The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in such
proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy following an Event of Default will not
impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of, or acquiescence in, such Event of Default. All remedies will be cumulative to the
extent permitted by law.

Section 7.05.
Waiver of Past Defaults.

An Event of Default pursuant
to clause (i), (ii),
(iv) or (vi) of
Section 7.01(A) (that, in the case of clause
(vi) only, results from a Default under any covenant that cannot
be amended without the consent of each affected Holder), and a Default that could lead to such an Event of Default, can be waived only
with the consent of each affected Holder. Each other Default or Event of Default may be waived, on behalf of all Holders, by the Holders
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. If an Event of Default is so waived, then it will cease to
exist. If a Default is so waived, then it will be deemed to be cured and any Event of Default arising therefrom will be deemed not to
occur. However, no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right arising therefrom.

Section 7.06.
Control by Majority.

Subject to the last sentence
of this paragraph, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may direct the time, method and place
of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on it. However,
the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law, this Indenture or the Notes, or that the Trustee determines may
be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to determine
whether any direction is prejudicial to any Holder) or may involve the Trustee in liability. Prior to taking any action under this Indenture,
the Trustee is entitled to security and indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense to the Trustee that
may result from the Trustees following such direction.

- 69 -

Section 7.07.
Limitation on Suits.

No Holder may pursue any
remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes (except to enforce (x) its rights to receive the principal of, or the Redemption
Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for, or interest on, any Notes; or (y) the Companys obligations to convert any
Notes pursuant to Article 5), unless:

(A) such
Holder has previously delivered to the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing;

(B) Holders
of at least twenty five percent (25%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding deliver a written request to the Trustee
to pursue such remedy;

(C) such
Holder or Holders offer and, if requested, provide to the Trustee security and indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss,
liability or expense to the Trustee that may result from the Trustees following such request;

(D) the
Trustee does not comply with such request within sixty (60) calendar days after its receipt of such request and such offer of security
or indemnity; and

(E) during
such sixty (60) calendar day period, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding do not deliver
to the Trustee a direction that is inconsistent with such request.

A Holder of a Note may not
use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder. The Trustee will
have no duty to determine whether any Holders use of this Indenture complies with the preceding sentence.

Section 7.08.
Absolute Right of Holders to Institute Suit for the Enforcement of the Right to Receive Payment and Conversion Consideration.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes (but without limiting Section 8.01), the right of each Holder of a Note to
bring suit for the enforcement of any payment or delivery, as applicable, of the principal of, or the Redemption Price or Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price for, or any interest on, or the Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5
upon conversion of, such Note on or after the respective due dates therefor provided in this Indenture and the Notes, will not be impaired
or affected without the consent of such Holder.

Section 7.09.
Collection Suit by Trustee.

The Trustee will have the
right, upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (i),
(ii) or (iv) of
Section 7.01(A), to recover judgment in its own name
and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the total unpaid or undelivered principal of, or Redemption Price or Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price for, or interest on, or Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5
upon conversion of, the Notes, as applicable, and, to the extent lawful, any Default Interest on any Defaulted Amounts, and such further
amounts sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including compensation provided for in Section 10.06.

- 70 -

Section 7.10.
Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.

The Trustee has the right
to (A) file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the
Trustee and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes) or its creditors
or property and (B) collect, receive and distribute any money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims. Each
Holder authorizes any custodian in such proceeding to make such payments to the Trustee, and, if the Trustee consents to the making of
such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to the Trustee for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts payable to the Trustee pursuant to Section 10.06.
To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements, advances and other amounts out of the estate in such
proceeding, is denied for any reason, payment of the same will be secured by a lien on, and will be paid out of, any and all distributions,
dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding (whether in liquidation
or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise). Nothing in this Indenture will be deemed to authorize the Trustee to
authorize, consent to, accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting
the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

Section 7.11.
Priorities.

The Trustee will pay or deliver
in the following order any money or other property that it collects pursuant to this Article 7:

First: to
the Trustee, the other Note Agents and each of their respective agents and attorneys for amounts due under Section 10.06,
including payment of all fees, compensation, expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and the Note Agents
and the costs and expenses of collection;

Second: to
Holders for unpaid amounts or other property due on the Notes, including the principal of, or the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price for, or any interest on, or any Conversion Consideration due upon conversion of, the Notes, ratably, and without preference
or priority of any kind, according to such amounts or other property due and payable on all of the Notes; and

Third: to
the Company or such other Person as a court of competent jurisdiction directs.

The Trustee may fix a record
date and payment date for any payment or delivery to the Holders pursuant to this Section 7.11,
in which case the Trustee will instruct the Company to, and the Company will, deliver, at least fifteen (15) calendar days before such
record date, to each Holder and the Trustee a notice stating such record date, such payment date and the amount of such payment or nature
of such delivery, as applicable.

- 71 -

Section 7.12.
Undertaking for Costs.

In any suit for the enforcement
of any right or remedy under this Indenture or the Notes or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as
Trustee, a court, in its discretion, may (A) require the filing by any litigant party in such suit of an undertaking to pay the
costs of such suit; and (B) assess reasonable costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) against any litigant party in such
suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such litigant party; provided, however,
that this Section 7.12 does not apply to any suit
by the Trustee, any suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 7.08
or any suit by one or more Holders of more than ten percent (10%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.

Article 8 Amendments,
Supplements and Waivers

Section 8.01.
Without the Consent of Holders.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in Section 8.02, the Company and the
Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes without the consent of any Holder to:

(A) cure
any ambiguity or correct any omission, defect or inconsistency in this Indenture or the Notes;

(B) add
guarantees with respect to the Companys obligations under this Indenture or the Notes;

(C) secure
the Notes;

(D) add
to the Companys covenants or Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred on the
Company under this Indenture;

(E) provide
for the assumption of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes pursuant to, and in compliance with, Article 6;

(F) enter
into supplemental indentures pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 5.09 in connection with a Common Stock Change Event;

(G) irrevocably
elect or eliminate any Settlement Method or Specified Dollar Amount; provided, however, that no such election or elimination
will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to Section 5.03(A);

(H) evidence
or provide for the acceptance of the appointment, under this Indenture, of a successor Trustee;

(I) conform the provisions of this Indenture and the Notes to the Description of Notes
section of the Companys preliminary offering memorandum, dated April 2, 2025, as supplemented by the related pricing
term sheet, dated April 2, 2025;

- 72 -

(J) provide
for or confirm the issuance of additional Notes pursuant to Section 2.03(B);

(K) comply
with any requirement of the SEC in connection with any qualification of this Indenture or any supplemental indenture under the Trust Indenture
Act, as then in effect; or

(L) make
any other change to this Indenture or the Notes that does not, individually or in the aggregate with all other such changes, adversely
affect the rights of the Holders, as such, in any material respect, as determined by the Company in good faith.

At the written request of
any Holder of a Note or owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note, the Company will provide a copy of the Description of
Notes section and pricing term sheet referred to in Section 8.01(I).

Section 8.02.
With the Consent of Holders.

(A) Generally.
Subject to Sections 8.01, 7.05 and 7.08 and the immediately following sentence, the Company and the Trustee may,
with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, amend or supplement this Indenture
or the Notes or waive compliance with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing
sentence, but subject to Section 8.01, without the consent of each affected Holder, no amendment or supplement to this Indenture
or the Notes, or waiver of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes, may:

(i) reduce
the principal, or extend the stated maturity, of any Note;

(ii) reduce
the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note or change the times at which, or the circumstances under which,
the Notes may or will be redeemed or repurchased by the Company;

(iii) reduce
the rate, or extend the time for the payment, of interest on any Note;

(iv) make
any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Note;

(v) impair
the rights of any Holder set forth in Section 7.08 (as such section is in effect
on the Issue Date);

(vi) change
the ranking of the Notes;

(vii) make
any Note payable in money, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in this Indenture or the Note;

(viii) reduce
the amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification; or

(ix) make
any direct or indirect change to any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification provision of this Indenture or the Notes that requires
the consent of each affected Holder.

- 73 -

For the avoidance of doubt,
pursuant to clauses (i), (ii),
(iii) and (iv) of
this Section 8.02(A), no amendment or supplement to
this Indenture or the Notes, or waiver of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes, may change the amount or type of consideration
due on any Note (whether on an Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or the Maturity Date or upon
conversion, or otherwise), or the date(s) or time(s) such consideration is payable or deliverable, as applicable, without the
consent of each affected Holder.

(B) Holders
Need Not Approve the Particular Form of any Amendment. A consent of any Holder pursuant to this Section 8.02 need
approve only the substance, and not necessarily the particular form, of the proposed amendment, supplement or waiver.

Section 8.03.
Notice of Amendments, Supplements and Waivers.

As soon as reasonably practicable
after any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to Section8.01
or 8.02 becomes effective, the Company will send to the Holders
and the Trustee notice that (A) describes the substance of such amendment, supplement or waiver in reasonable detail and (B) states
the effective date thereof; provided, however, that the Company will not be required to provide such notice to the Holders
if such amendment, supplement or waiver is included in a periodic report filed by the Company with the SEC within four (4) Business
Days of its effectiveness. The failure to send, or the existence of any defect in, such notice will not impair or affect the validity
of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

Section 8.04.
Revocation, Effect and Solicitation of Consents; Special Record Dates; Etc.

(A) Revocation
and Effect of Consents. The consent of a Holder of a Note to an amendment, supplement or waiver will bind (and constitute the consent
of) each subsequent Holder of any Note to the extent the same evidences any portion of the same indebtedness as the consenting Holders
Note, subject to the right of any Holder of a Note to revoke (if not prohibited pursuant to Section 8.04(B)) any such consent
with respect to such Note by delivering notice of revocation to the Trustee before the time such amendment, supplement or waiver becomes
effective.

(B) Special
Record Dates. The Company may, but is not required to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent
or take any other action in connection with any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to this Article 8. If a record date
is fixed, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.04(A), only Persons who are Holders as of such record
date (or their duly designated proxies) will be entitled to give such consent, to revoke any consent previously given or to take any
such action, regardless of whether such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date; provided, however, that
no such consent will be valid or effective for more than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after such record date.

- 74 -

(C) Solicitation
of Consents. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to the consent of a Holder will be deemed to
include any such consent obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, any Notes.

(D) Effectiveness
and Binding Effect. Each amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to this Article 8 will become effective in accordance
with its terms and, when it becomes effective with respect to any Note (or any portion thereof), will thereafter bind every Holder of
such Note (or such portion).

Section 8.05.
Notations and Exchanges.

If any amendment, supplement
or waiver changes the terms of a Note, then the Trustee or the Company may, in its discretion, require the Holder of such Note to deliver
such Note to the Trustee so that the Trustee may place an appropriate notation prepared by the Company on such Note and return such Note
to such Holder. Alternatively, at its discretion, the Company may, in exchange for such Note, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee
will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02,
a new Note that reflects the changed terms. The failure to make any appropriate notation or issue a new Note pursuant to this Section 8.05
will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

Section 8.06.
Trustee to Execute Supplemental Indentures.

The Trustee will execute
and deliver any amendment or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article 8;
provided, however, that the Trustee need not (but may, in its sole and absolute discretion) execute or deliver any such
amendment or supplemental indenture that adversely affects the Trustees rights, duties, liabilities or immunities. In executing
any amendment or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive, and (subject to Sections 10.01
and 10.02) will be fully protected in relying on, an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that (A) the execution and delivery of such amendment or supplemental indenture is
authorized or permitted by this Indenture; and (B) in the case of the Opinion of Counsel, such amendment or supplemental indenture
is valid, binding and enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

Article 9 Satisfaction
and Discharge

Section 9.01.
Termination of Companys Obligations.

This Indenture will be discharged,
and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued under this Indenture, when:

(A) all
Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to Section 2.12) have (i) been delivered to the Trustee for
cancellation; or (ii) become due and payable (whether on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Maturity Date,
upon conversion or otherwise) for an amount of cash or Conversion Consideration, as applicable, that has been fixed;

(B) the
Company has caused there to be irrevocably deposited with the Trustee, or with the Paying Agent (or, with respect to Conversion Consideration,
the Conversion Agent), in each case for the benefit of the Holders, or has otherwise caused there to be delivered to the Holders, cash
(or, with respect to Notes to be converted, Conversion Consideration) sufficient to satisfy all amounts or other property due on all
Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to Section 2.12);

- 75 -

(C) the
Company has paid all other amounts payable by it under this Indenture; and

(D) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that the conditions precedent
to the discharge of this Indenture have been satisfied;

provided, however, that Section 2.10(E),
Article 10 and Section 11.01
will survive such discharge and, until no Notes remain outstanding, Section 2.14
and the obligations of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent with respect to money or other property deposited with them
will survive such discharge.

At the Companys request,
the Trustee will acknowledge the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.

Section 9.02.
Repayment to Company.

Subject to applicable unclaimed
property law, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will promptly notify the Company if there exists (and, at the Companys
request, promptly deliver to the Company) any cash, Conversion Consideration or other property held by any of them for payment or delivery
on the Notes that remain unclaimed two (2) years after the date on which such payment or delivery was due. After such delivery to
the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will have no further liability to any Holder with respect to such
cash, Conversion Consideration or other property, and Holders entitled to the payment or delivery of such cash, Conversion Consideration
or other property must look to the Company for payment as a general creditor of the Company.

Section 9.03.
Reinstatement.

If the Trustee, the Paying
Agent or the Conversion Agent is unable to apply any cash or other property deposited with it pursuant to Section 9.01
because of any legal proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or other governmental authority that enjoins, restrains or otherwise
prohibits such application, then the discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Section 9.01
will be rescinded; provided, however, that if the Company thereafter pays or delivers any cash or other property due on
the Notes to the Holders thereof, then the Company will be subrogated to the rights of such Holders to receive such cash or other property
from the cash or other property, if any, held by the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Conversion Agent, as applicable.

- 76 -

Article 10 Trustee

Section 10.01.
Duties of the Trustee.

(A) If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and has not been cured) of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has written
notice or actual knowledge, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree
of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons
own affairs; provided that the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture
at the request or direction of any of the Holder unless such Holders have offered, and if requested, provided, to the Trustee indemnity
or security satisfactory to Trustee against any loss, liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request
or direction.

(B) Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i) the
duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee need perform only those duties
that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Indenture
against the Trustee; and

(ii) in
the absence of bad faith or willful misconduct on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the
correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel that are provided to the Trustee
and conform to the requirements of this Indenture. However, the Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether
or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations
or other facts stated therein).

(C) The
Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable order of
a court of competent jurisdiction, except that:

(i) this
paragraph will not limit the effect of Section 10.01(B);

(ii) the
Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee
was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(iii) the
Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received
by it pursuant to Section 7.06; and

(iv) no
provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability in the performance of any
of its duties under this Indenture, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it has reasonable grounds to believe that repayment
of such funds or adequate indemnity against such liability is not reasonably assured to it.

- 77 -

(D) Each
provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (A), (B) and (C) of
this Section 10.01, regardless of whether such provision so expressly provides.

(E) No
provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability in the performance of any
of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers.

(F) The
Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it, except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money
held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds, except to the extent required by law.

(G) Whether
or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection
to, the Trustee will be subject to the provisions of this Section 10.01.

(H) The
Trustee will not be liable in respect of any payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters relating
to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent (except in its capacity as Paying Agent pursuant to the terms of this
Indenture) or any records maintained by any co-Note Registrar with respect to the Notes.

(I) Under
no circumstances will the Trustee be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes.

Section 10.02.
Rights of the Trustee.

(A) The
Trustee may conclusively rely on any document that it believes to be genuine and signed or presented by the proper Person, and the Trustee
need not investigate any fact or matter stated in such document.

(B) Before
the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require, and may conclusively rely on, an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of
Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers
Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee may consult with counsel; and the written advice of such counsel, or any Opinion of Counsel,
will constitute full and complete authorization of the Trustee to take or omit to take any action in good faith in reliance thereon without
liability.

(C) The
Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any such agent appointed
with due care.

(D) The
Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith and that it believes to be authorized or within the
rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture.

(E) 
Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or
notice from the Company will be sufficient if signed by an Officer.

(F) 
The Trustee need not exercise any rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
of any Holder unless such Holder has offered, and if requested, provided the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the
Trustee against any loss, liability or expense that it may incur in complying with such request or direction.

- 78 -

(G) The
Trustee will not be responsible or liable for any punitive, special, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage (including lost
profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

(H) The
Trustee will not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document,
but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and the
Trustee will incur no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation.

(I) 
The Trustee will not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless written notice
of any event that is a Default or Event of Default is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the corporate trust office
of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture and states that it is a Notice of Default.

(J) 
If any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this Indenture,
requires notice to be sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act
as if no such event occurred.

(K) The
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to,
and will be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities under this Indenture, including as Note Agent.

(L) The
Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals or titles of officers authorized at
such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture.

(M) The
permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated herein will not be construed as duties.

(N) The
Trustee will not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the trusts and powers under this Indenture.

(O) Neither
the Trustee nor any Note Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary.

(P) Unless
a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received notice from the Company that Additional Interest is owing on the Notes or that the Company
has elected to pay Special Interest on the Notes, the Trustee may assume no Additional Interest or Special Interest, as applicable, is
payable.

- 79 -

Section 10.03.
Individual Rights of the Trustee.

The Trustee, in its individual
or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of any Note and may otherwise deal with the Company or any of its Affiliates with
the same rights that it would have if it were not Trustee; provided, however, that if the Trustee acquires a conflicting
interest (within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act), then it must eliminate such conflict within
ninety (90) days or resign as Trustee. Each Note Agent will have the same rights and duties as the Trustee under this Section 10.03.

Section 10.04.
Trustees Disclaimer.

The Trustee will not be (A) responsible
for, and makes no representation as to, the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes; (B) accountable for the Companys
use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Company or upon the Companys direction under any provision of this
Indenture; (C) responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee; and (D) responsible
for any statement or recital in this Indenture, the Notes or any other document relating to the sale of the Notes or this Indenture, other
than the Trustees certificate of authentication.

Section 10.05.
Notice of Defaults.

If a Default or Event of Default
occurs and is continuing and is known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, then the Trustee will send Holders a notice of such Default
or Event of Default within ninety (90) days after it occurs or, if it is not known to the Trustee at such time, within twenty (20) Business
Days after it becomes known to a Responsible Officer; provided, however, that, except in the case of a Default or Event
of Default in the payment of the principal of, or interest on, any Note, or a default in the payment or delivery of the Conversion Consideration,
the Trustee may withhold such notice if and for so long as it in good faith determines that withholding such notice is in the interests
of the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will not be required to deliver such notice at any time after such Default or
Event of Default is cured or waived. The Trustee will not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event
of Default unless (A) written notice thereof has been received by a Responsible Officer; and (B) such notice references the
Notes and this Indenture and states on its face that a Default or Event of Default has occurred.

Section 10.06.
Compensation and Indemnity.

(A) The
Company will, from time to time, pay the Trustee and the Note Agents reasonable compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and
services under this Indenture as the Company shall from time to time agree in writing. The Trustees compensation will not be limited
by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. In addition to the compensation for the Trustees services, the Company
will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it under
this Indenture, including the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel.

- 80 -

(B) The
Company will indemnify the Trustee (in each of its capacities) against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses incurred by it arising
out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the costs and expenses of
enforcing this Indenture against the Company (including this Section 10.06) and
defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with
the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties under this Indenture, except to the extent any such loss, liability or expense
may be attributable to its negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final, non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction.
The Trustee will promptly notify the Company of any claim for which it may seek indemnity, but the Trustees failure to so notify
the Company will not relieve the Company of its obligations under this Section 10.06(B),
except to the extent the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure. The Company will defend such claim, and the Trustee will cooperate
in such defense. If the Trustee is advised by counsel that it may have defenses available to it that are in conflict with the defenses
available to the Company, or that there is an actual or potential conflict of interest, then the Trustee may retain separate counsel,
and the Company will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the
Trustee incurred in evaluating whether such a conflict exists). The Company need not pay for any settlement of any such claim made without
its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

(C) The
obligations of the Company under this Section 10.06 will survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee and the discharge
of this Indenture.

(D) To
secure the Companys payment obligations in this Section 10.06, the Trustee will have a lien prior to the Notes on
all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of, or interest on, particular Notes,
which lien will survive the discharge of this Indenture.

(E) If
the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default pursuant to clause (viii) or (ix) of
Section 7.01(A) occurs, then such expenses and the compensation for such services (including the fees and expenses of
its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

Section 10.07.
Replacement of the Trustee.

(A) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 10.07, a resignation or removal of the
Trustee, and the appointment of a successor Trustee, will become effective only upon such successor Trustees acceptance of appointment
as provided in this Section 10.07.

(B) The
Trustee may resign at any time and be discharged from the trust created by this Indenture by so notifying the Company. The Holders of
a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company
in writing. The Company may remove the Trustee if:

(i) the
Trustee fails to comply with Section 10.09;

(ii) the
Trustee is adjudged to be bankrupt or insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;

(iii) a
custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or

(iv) the
Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

- 81 -

(C) If
the Trustee resigns or is removed, or if a vacancy exists in the office of the Trustee for any reason, then (i) the Company will
promptly appoint a successor Trustee; and (ii) at any time within one (1) year after the successor Trustee takes office, the
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may appoint a successor Trustee to replace such successor
Trustee appointed by the Company.

(D) If
a successor Trustee does not take office within sixty (60) days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, then the retiring Trustee,
the Company or the Holders of at least ten percent (10%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may petition any
court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

(E) If
the Trustee, after written request by a Holder of at least six (6) months (or, such lesser period since the Issue Date), fails to
comply with Section 10.09, then such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee
and the appointment of a successor Trustee.

(F) A
successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company, upon which notice
the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and
duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee will send notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee
will, upon payment of all amounts due to it under this Indenture, promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor
Trustee, which property will, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to the lien provided for in Section 10.06(D).

Section 10.08.
Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc.

Any organization or entity
into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or entity resulting from any
merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any organization or entity succeeding to all or substantially
all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder; provided such organization
or entity shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article 10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
act on the part of any of the parties hereto.

Section 10.09.
Eligibility; Disqualification.

There will at all times be
a Trustee under this Indenture that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of
any state thereof, that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination
by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least $100.0 million as set forth in its most recent
published annual report of condition.

- 82 -

Article 11 Miscellaneous

Section 11.01.
Notices.

Any notice or communication
by the Company or the Trustee to the other will be deemed to have been duly given if in writing and delivered in person or by first class
mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile transmission, electronic transmission or other similar means of unsecured
electronic communication or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, or to the others address, which initially is
as follows:

If to the Company:

Lucid Group, Inc.

7373 Gateway Blvd

Newark, CA 94560

Attention: General Counsel

with a copy (which will not constitute
notice) to:

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom LLP

525 University Ave

Palo Alto, CA 94301

Attention: Thomas J. Ivey

If to the Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

633 W. Fifth Street, 24th
Floor

Los Angeles, CA 90071

Facsimile: (213) 615-6197

Attention: B. Scarbrough (Lucid Group)

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in the preceding paragraph, notices to the Trustee or any Note Agent must be in writing and will be deemed to have been given
upon actual receipt by the Trustee or such Note Agent, as applicable.

The Company or the Trustee,
by notice to the other, may designate additional or different addresses (including facsimile numbers and electronic addresses) for subsequent
notices or communications.

All notices and communications
(other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to have been duly given: (A) at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered;
(B) five (5) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; (C) when receipt acknowledged,
if transmitted by facsimile, electronic transmission or other similar means of unsecured electronic communication; and (D) the next
Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery.

- 83 -

All notices or communications
required to be made to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture must be made in writing and will be deemed to be duly sent or given in writing
if mailed by first class mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery,
to its address shown on the Register; provided, however, that a notice or communication to a Holder of a Global Note may,
but need not, instead be sent pursuant to the Depositary Procedures (in which case, such notice will be deemed to be duly sent or given
in writing). The failure to send a notice or communication to a Holder, or any defect in such notice or communication, will not affect
its sufficiency with respect to any other Holder.

If the Trustee is then acting
as the Depositarys custodian for the Notes, then, at the reasonable request of the Company to the Trustee, the Trustee will cause
any notice prepared by the Company to be sent to any Holder(s) pursuant to the Depositary Procedures, provided such request
is evidenced in a Company Order delivered, together with the text of such notice, to the Trustee at least two (2) Business Days before
the date such notice is to be so sent. For the avoidance of doubt, such Company Order need not be accompanied by an Officers Certificate
or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee will not have any liability relating to the contents of any notice that it sends to any Holder pursuant
to any such Company Order.

If a notice or communication
is mailed or sent in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it will be deemed to have been duly given, whether or not the
addressee receives it.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, (A) whenever any provision of this Indenture requires a party to send notice to another
party, no such notice need be sent if the sending party and the recipient are the same Person acting in different capacities; and (B) whenever
any provision of this Indenture requires a party to send notice to more than one receiving party, and each receiving party is the same
Person acting in different capacities, then only one such notice need be sent to such Person.

Section 11.02.
Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as to Conditions Precedent.

Upon any request or application
by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture (other than the initial authentication of Notes under this Indenture),
the Company will furnish to the Trustee:

(A) an
Officers Certificate in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee that complies with Section 11.03 and states that,
in the opinion of the signatory thereto, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to such
action have been satisfied; and

(B) an
Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee that complies with Section 11.03 and states that, in the
opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants, if any, have been satisfied.

- 84 -

Section 11.03.
Statements Required in Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel.

Each Officers Certificate
(other than an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 3.05)
or Opinion of Counsel with respect to compliance with a covenant or condition provided for in this Indenture will include:

(A) a
statement that the signatory thereto has read such covenant or condition;

(B) a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained therein
are based;

(C) a
statement that, in the opinion of such signatory, he, she or it has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him,
her or it to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and

(D) a
statement as to whether, in the opinion of such signatory, such covenant or condition has been satisfied.

Section 11.04.
Rules by the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent.

The Trustee may make reasonable
rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. Each of the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent may make reasonable
rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions.

Section 11.05.
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders.

No past, present or future
director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company
under this Indenture or the Notes or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting
any Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of
the Notes.

Section 11.06.
Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial.

THIS INDENTURE AND THE NOTES,
AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES.

- 85 -

Section 11.07.
Submission to Jurisdiction.

Any legal suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated by this Indenture may be instituted in the federal
courts of the United States of America located in The City of New York or the courts of the State of New York, in each case located in
The City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the
extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such partys address set forth in Section 11.01
will be effective service of process for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court. Each of the Company, the Trustee
and each Holder (by its acceptance of any Note) irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any suit,
action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim any such
suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section 11.08.
No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements.

Neither this Indenture nor
the Notes may be used to interpret any other indenture, note, loan or debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other
Person, and no such indenture, note, loan or debt agreement may be used to interpret this Indenture or the Notes.

Section 11.09.
Successors.

All agreements of the Company
in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture will bind its successors.

Section 11.10.
Force Majeure.

The Trustee and each Note
Agent will not incur any liability for not performing any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility under this Indenture
or the Notes by reason of any occurrence beyond its control (including any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation
or governmental authority, pandemic, act of God or war, civil unrest, local or national disturbance or disaster, act of terrorism or unavailability
of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire or communication facility).

Section 11.11.
U.S.A. PATRIOT Act.

The Company acknowledges that,
in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions, in order to help fight the
funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person or legal entity
that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The Company agrees to provide the Trustee with such information
as it may request to enable the Trustee to comply with the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act.

- 86 -

Section 11.12.
Calculations.

Except as otherwise provided
in this Indenture, the Company will be responsible for making all calculations called for under this Indenture or the Notes, including
determinations of the Last Reported Sale Price, the Daily Conversion Value, the Daily Cash Amount, the Daily Share Amount, the Trading
Price of the Notes, the Daily VWAPs, accrued interest on the Notes, the Conversion Rate (including any adjustments to the Conversion Rate)
and the Redemption Price.

The Company will make all
calculations in good faith, and, absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on all Holders. The Company will provide
a schedule of its calculations to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may rely conclusively
on the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent verification. The Trustee will promptly forward a copy of each
such schedule to a Holder upon its written request therefor.

For the avoidance of doubt,
neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have any responsibility to make or confirm any calculations under this Indenture, nor
will the Trustee or the Conversion Agent be charged with knowledge of or have any duties to monitor the Stock Price or any Observation
Period. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent may rely conclusively on the calculations and information provided to them by the Company
as to the Daily VWAP, the Daily Conversion Values, the Trading Price and the Last Reported Sale Price.

Section 11.13.
Severability.

If any provision of this Indenture
or the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Indenture or the Notes will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 11.14.
Counterparts.

The parties may sign any number
of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy will be an original, and all of them together represent the same agreement. Delivery of
an executed counterpart of this Indenture by facsimile, electronically in portable document format or in any other format will be effective
as delivery of a manually or electronically executed counterpart. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder
must be in writing (provided that any communication sent to Trustee hereunder that is required to be signed must be in the form of a document
that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in
writing to Trustee by the authorized representative), in English). The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using
digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting
on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

- 87 -

Section 11.15.
Table of Contents, Headings, Etc.

The table of contents and
the headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered
a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions of this Indenture.

Section 11.16.
Withholding Taxes.

Each Holder of a Note agrees,
and each beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, by its acquisition of such interest, is deemed to agree, that if the Company
or other applicable withholding agent pays withholding taxes or backup withholding on behalf of such Holder or beneficial owner as a result
of an adjustment or the non-occurrence of an adjustment to the Conversion Rate, then the Company or such withholding agent, as applicable,
may, at its option, withhold from or set off such payments against payments of cash or the delivery of other Conversion Consideration
on such Note, any payments on the Common Stock or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, such Holder or the beneficial
owner of such Note.

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally
Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]

- 88 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties to this Indenture have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

Lucid Group, Inc.

By: /s/ Taoufiq Boussaid

Name: Taoufiq Boussaid

Title: Chief Financial Officer

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

By: /s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF NOTE

[Insert Global Note Legend, if applicable]

[Insert Restricted Note Legend, if applicable]

[Insert Non-Affiliate Legend]

Lucid Group, Inc.

5.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2030

CUSIP
No.: [___] Certificate
No. [___]

ISIN
No.: [___] 

Lucid Group, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, for value received, promises to pay to [Cede & Co.], or its registered assigns, the principal sum of [___]
dollars ($[___]) [(as revised by the attached Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note)]*
on April 1, 2030 and to pay interest thereon, as provided in the Indenture referred to below, until the principal and all accrued
and unpaid interest are paid or duly provided for.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 of each year,
commencing on [date].

Regular Record Dates: March 15 and September 15.

Additional provisions of this
Note are set forth on the other side of this Note.

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally
Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]

* Insert bracketed language for Global Notes only.

A-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Lucid Group, Inc. has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth below.

Lucid Group, Inc.

Date: By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-3

Lucid Group, Inc.

5.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2030

This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of notes of Lucid Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), designated as its 5.00%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), all issued or to be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of April 8,
2025 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used in this Note without definition have the respective meanings ascribed to them
in the Indenture.

The Indenture sets forth the
rights and obligations of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders and the terms of the Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Note, to the extent that any provision of this Note conflicts with the provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture
will control.

1. Interest.
This Note will accrue interest at a rate and in the manner set forth in Section 2.05 of the Indenture. Stated Interest on this Note
will begin to accrue from, and including, [___], 2025.

2. Maturity.
This Note will mature on April 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted.

3. Method
of Payment. Cash amounts due on this Note will be paid in the manner set forth in Section 2.04 of the Indenture.

4. Persons
Deemed Owners. The Holder of this Note will be treated as the owner of this Note for all purposes.

5. Denominations;
Transfers and Exchanges. All Notes will be in registered form, without coupons, in principal amounts equal to any Authorized Denominations.
Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the Holder of this Note may transfer or exchange this Note by presenting it to the Registrar and
delivering any required documentation or other materials.

6. Right
of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes upon a Fundamental Change. If a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental
Change) occurs, then each Holder will have the right to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion thereof
in an Authorized Denomination) for cash in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 4.02 of the Indenture.

7. Right
of the Company to Redeem the Notes. The Company will have the right to redeem the Notes for cash in the manner, and subject to the
terms, set forth in Section 4.03 of the Indenture.

8. Conversion.
The Holder of this Note may convert this Note into Conversion Consideration in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Article 5
of the Indenture.

A-4

9. When
the Company May Merge, Etc. Article 6 of the Indenture places limited restrictions on the Companys ability to be
a party to a Business Combination Event.

10. Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes
then outstanding may (and, in certain circumstances, will automatically) become due and payable in the manner, and subject to the terms,
set forth in Article 7 of the Indenture.

11. Amendments,
Supplements and Waivers. The Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes or waive compliance with any
provision of the Indenture or the Notes in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 7.05 and Article 8 of
the Indenture.

12. No
Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator
or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Indenture or the Notes or
for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting any Note, each Holder waives
and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.

13. Authentication.
No Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly authenticated only when an authorized
signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note.

14. Abbreviations.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or its assignee, such as TEN COM (tenants in common), TEN ENT (tenants by
the entireties), JT TEN (joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (custodian), and U/G/M/A (Uniform
Gift to Minors Act).

15. Governing
Law. THIS NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

* * *

To request a copy of the Indenture,
which the Company will provide to any Holder at no charge, please send a written request to the following address:

Lucid Group, Inc.

7373 Gateway Blvd

Newark, CA 94560

Attention: General Counsel

A-5

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL
NOTE*

INITIAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE: $[___]

The following exchanges, transfers or cancellations
of this Global Note have been made:

Date 

Amount of
Increase

(Decrease) in

Principal Amount of

this Global Note 

Principal
Amount of

this Global Note

After Such Increase

(Decrease) 

Signature
of

Authorized

Signatory of Trustee

* Insert for Global Notes only.

A-6

CONVERSION NOTICE

Lucid Group, Inc.

5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing
and delivering this Conversion Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Note identified below directs the Company to convert (check one):

the entire principal amount of

$*
aggregate principal amount of

the Note identified
by CUSIP No. 
and Certificate No. .

The undersigned acknowledges that if the Conversion
Date of a Note to be converted is after a Regular Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then such Note, when surrendered
for conversion, must, in certain circumstances, be accompanied with an amount of cash equal to the interest that would have accrued on
such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date.

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* Must be an Authorized Denomination.

A-7

FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE

Lucid Group, Inc.

5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing
and delivering this Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Note identified below is exercising its Fundamental
Change Repurchase Right with respect to (check one):

the entire principal amount of

$*
aggregate principal amount of

the Note identified
by CUSIP No. 
and Certificate No. .

The undersigned acknowledges that this Note, duly
endorsed for transfer, must be delivered to the Paying Agent before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will be paid.

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* Must be an Authorized Denomination.

A-8

ASSIGNMENT FORM

Lucid Group, Inc.

5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the undersigned
Holder of the within Note assigns to:

Name: 

Address: 

Social security or tax identification number: 

the within Note and all rights thereunder irrevocably
appoints:

as agent to transfer the within Note on the books
of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him/her.

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-9

TRANSFEROR ACKNOWLEDGMENT

If the within Note bears a Restricted Note Legend,
the undersigned further certifies that (check one):

1. Such Transfer is being made to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

2. Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, a registration statement that is effective under the Securities Act
at the time of the Transfer.

3. Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and, accordingly, the undersigned
further certifies that the within Note is being transferred to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is purchasing the within
Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such
Person and each such account is a person reasonably believed to be a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of
Rule 144A under the Securities Act in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A.

4. Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, any other available exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act (including, if available, the exemption provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act).

Dated: 

(Legal Name of Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Guaranteed: 

(Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program) 

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-10

EXHIBIT B-1

FORM OF RESTRICTED NOTE LEGEND

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES
OF COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
(WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH
ACCOUNT; AND

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE OR
ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT ONLY:

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF;

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT;

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT;

(D) PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; OR

(E) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

BEFORE THE REGISTRATION OF ANY SALE OR TRANSFER
IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(D) OR (E) ABOVE, THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE REGISTRAR RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY
OF SUCH CERTIFICATES OR OTHER DOCUMENTATION OR EVIDENCE AS THEY MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE IN ORDER FOR THE COMPANY TO DETERMINE THAT
THE PROPOSED SALE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

B1-1

EXHIBIT B-2

FORM OF GLOBAL NOTE LEGEND

THIS IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE
INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH MAY BE TREATED
BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS THE OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS NOTE FOR ALL PURPOSES.

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE
OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED
TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC, OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE, AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 2 OF THE
INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO.

B2-1

EXHIBIT B-3

FORM OF NON-AFFILIATE LEGEND

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) OF THE COMPANY, OR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY THAT WAS AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED UNDER RULE 144 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) OF THE COMPANY WITHIN THE THREE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING MAY PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE
THIS NOTE OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.

B3-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511638d2_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Form of Capped Call Confirmation

[Dealer Name and Address]

April [__], 2025

To: Lucid Group, Inc.

7373 Gateway Boulevard

Newark, CA 94560

Attention: [________]

Re: [Base][Additional] Call Option Transaction

The purpose of this letter
agreement (this Confirmation) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the call option transaction entered into
between [Dealer Name] (Dealer) and Lucid Group, Inc. (Counterparty) as of the Trade
Date specified below (the Transaction). This letter agreement constitutes a Confirmation as referred
to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. Each party further agrees that this Confirmation together with the Agreement evidence
a complete binding agreement between Counterparty and Dealer as to the subject matter and terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation
relates, and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous written or oral communications with respect thereto.

The definitions and provisions
contained in the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions), as published by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any
inconsistency between the Equity Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation shall govern. Certain defined terms used herein
are based on terms that are defined in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum dated April 2, 2025 (the Offering Memorandum)
relating to the 5.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (as originally issued by Counterparty, the Convertible Notes
and each USD 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, a Convertible Note) issued by Counterparty in an aggregate
initial principal amount of USD [1,000,000,000] (as increased by [up to]1 an aggregate principal amount of USD [100,000,000]
[if and to the extent that]2[pursuant to the exercise by]3 the Initial Purchasers (as defined herein) [exercise]4[of]5
their option to purchase additional Convertible Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined herein)) pursuant to an Indenture
[to be]6 dated April 8, 2025 between Counterparty and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the
Indenture). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms defined in the Offering Memorandum, the Indenture
and this Confirmation, this Confirmation shall govern. The parties acknowledge that this Confirmation is entered into on the date hereof
with the understanding that (i) definitions set forth in the Indenture which are also defined herein by reference to the Indenture
and (ii) sections of the Indenture that are referred to herein will conform to the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum.
If any such definitions in the Indenture or any such sections of the Indenture differ from the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum,
the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum will govern for purposes of this Confirmation. The parties further acknowledge that
the Indenture section numbers used herein are based on the [draft of the Indenture last reviewed by Dealer as of the date of this Confirmation,
and if any such section numbers are changed in the Indenture as executed, the parties will amend this Confirmation in good faith to preserve
the intent of the parties]7[Indenture as executed]8. Subject to the foregoing, references to the Indenture herein
are references to the Indenture as in effect on the date of its execution, and if the Indenture is amended or supplemented following such
date (other than any amendment or supplement (x) pursuant to Section 8.01(I) of the Indenture that, as determined by the
Calculation Agent, conforms the Indenture to the description of Convertible Notes in the Offering Memorandum or (y) pursuant to Section 5.09
of the Indenture, subject, in the case of this clause (y), to the second paragraph under Method of Adjustment in Section 3),
any such amendment or supplement will be disregarded for purposes of this Confirmation.

1
Include in the Base Call Option Confirmation.

2
Include in the Base Call Option Confirmation.

3
Include in the Additional Call Option Confirmation.

4
Include in the Base Call Option Confirmation.

5
Include in the Additional Call Option Confirmation.

6
Insert if Indenture is not completed at the time of the Confirmation.

7
Include in the Base Call Option Confirmation. Include in the Additional Call Option Confirmation if it is executed before closing of
the base deal.

8
Include in the Additional Call Option Confirmation, but only if the Additional Call Option Confirmation is executed after closing of
the base deal.

Each party is hereby advised,
and each such party acknowledges, that the other party has engaged in, or refrained from engaging in, substantial financial transactions
and has taken other material actions in reliance upon the parties entry into the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates
on the terms and conditions set forth below.

1. This
Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Dealer and Counterparty as to the terms of the Transaction to which this
Confirmation relates. This Confirmation shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA
Master Agreement (the Agreement) as if Dealer and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form on the Trade
Date (but without any Schedule except for (i) the election of the laws of the State of New York as the governing law (without
reference to choice of law doctrine), (ii) in respect of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement, the election that the Cross
Default provisions shall apply to Dealer with (a) a Threshold Amount of three percent of the shareholders
equity of [Dealer][Dealers ultimate parent] as of the Trade Date, (b) the deletion of the phrase , or becoming capable
at such time of being declared, from clause (1) and (c) the following language added to the end thereof: Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (x) the default was caused
solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (y) funds were available to enable the party to make the
payment when due; and (z) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of such partys receipt of written notice of its
failure to pay. and (iii) the modification that the term Specified Indebtedness shall have the meaning specified
in Section 14 of the Agreement, except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary
course of a partys banking business). In the event of any inconsistency between provisions of the Agreement and this Confirmation,
this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. The parties hereby agree that no
transaction other than the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates shall be governed by the Agreement.

2. The
terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:

General
Terms.

Trade Date: [________], 2025

Effective Date: The third Exchange Business Day immediately prior to
the Premium Payment Date, subject to Section 9(u).

Option Style: Modified American, as described under
Procedures for Exercise below

Option Type: Call

Buyer: Counterparty

Seller: Dealer

Shares: The Class A common stock of Counterparty, USD 0.0001 par value per share (Exchange symbol LCID).

Number of Options: [_______]9. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Number of Options shall be reduced by any Options exercised by Counterparty. In no event will the Number of Options be less
than zero.

Applicable Percentage: [__]%

9 For the Base Call Option Confirmation,
this is equal to the number of Convertible Notes in principal amount of $1,000 initially issued on the closing date for the Convertible
Notes. For the Additional Call Option Confirmation, this is equal to the number of additional Convertible Notes in principal amount of
$1,000.

2

Option Entitlement: A
number equal to the product of the Applicable Percentage and [______]10.

Strike Price: USD [______]

Cap Price: USD [______]

Premium: USD [______]

Premium Payment Date: [________], 2025

Exchange: The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges

Excluded Provisions: Section 5.06(A) and Section 5.07
of the Indenture.

Procedures
for Exercise.

Conversion Date: With respect to any conversion of a Convertible Note
(other than any conversion of Convertible Notes with a Conversion Date occurring prior to the Free Convertibility Date (any such conversion,
an Early Conversion), to which the provisions of Section 9(h)(i) of this Confirmation shall apply),
the date on which the Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of such Convertible Note satisfies all of the requirements
for conversion thereof as set forth in Section 5.02(A) of the Indenture; provided that if Counterparty has not delivered
to Dealer a related Notice of Exercise, then in no event shall a Conversion Date be deemed to occur hereunder (and no Option shall be
exercised or deemed to be exercised hereunder) with respect to any surrender of a Convertible Note for conversion in respect of which
Counterparty has elected to designate a financial institution for exchange in lieu of conversion of such Convertible Note pursuant to
Section 5.08 of the Indenture.

Free Convertibility Date: January 1, 2030

Expiration Time: The Valuation Time

Expiration Date: April 1, 2030, subject to earlier exercise.

Multiple Exercise: Applicable, as described under Automatic
Exercise and Automatic Exercise of Remaining Options After Free Convertibility Date below.

Automatic Exercise: Notwithstanding Section 3.4 of the Equity
Definitions, on each Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date, in respect of which a notice of conversion under
the Indenture that is effective as to Counterparty has been delivered by the relevant converting Holder (as defined in
the Indenture) a number of Options equal to [(i)] the number of Convertible Notes in denominations of USD 1,000 as to which such Conversion
Date has occurred [minus (ii) the number of Options that are or are deemed to be automatically exercised on such Conversion
Date under the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation letter agreement dated April [__], 2025 between Dealer and Counterparty
(the Base Call Option Confirmation),]11 shall be deemed to be automatically exercised; provided
that such Options shall be exercised or deemed exercised only if Counterparty has provided a Notice of Exercise to Dealer in accordance
with Notice of Exercise below.

10
Insert the initial Conversion Rate for the Convertible Notes.

11
Include for Additional Call Option Confirmation only.

3

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no
event shall the number of Options that are exercised or deemed exercised hereunder exceed the Number of Options.

Automatic Exercise
of Remaining Options After Free Convertibility Date: Notwithstanding Section 3.4
of the Equity Definitions or Automatic Exercise above, unless Counterparty notifies Dealer in writing prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date that it does not wish automatic exercise to occur
with respect to any Options that remain unexercised at such time on such date (after giving effect to the provisions opposite the caption
Automatic Exercise above), a number of Options equal to the Number of Options (after giving effect to the provisions opposite
the caption Automatic Exercise above) as of 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Expiration Date (such Options, the
Remaining Options) will be deemed to be automatically exercised as if (i) a number of Convertible Notes (in
denominations of USD 1,000 principal amount) equal to such number of Remaining Options were outstanding under the Indenture and were
converted with a Conversion Date (as defined in the Indenture) occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date and (ii) the
Notice of Final Settlement Method, if any, applied to such Convertible Notes; provided that no such automatic exercise pursuant
to this paragraph will occur if the Relevant Price for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period is less than or equal to
the Strike Price.

Notice of Exercise: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the Equity Definitions or under Automatic Exercise above, but subject to Automatic Exercise of Remaining Options
After Free Convertibility Date above, in order to exercise any Options relating to Convertible Notes with a Conversion Date occurring
on or after the Free Convertibility Date, Counterparty must notify Dealer in writing before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the
Scheduled Valid Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date specifying the number of such Options; provided that, notwithstanding
the foregoing, such notice (and the related exercise of Options hereunder) shall be effective if given after the applicable notice deadline
specified above but prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Exchange Business Day following such notice deadline, in
which event the Calculation Agent shall have the right to adjust Dealers delivery obligation hereunder and the Settlement Date
in a commercially reasonable manner, with respect to the exercise of such Options, as appropriate to reflect the additional commercially
reasonable costs (including, but not limited to, losses as a result of hedging mismatches and market losses) and expenses incurred by
Dealer in connection with its hedging activities, with such adjustments made assuming that Dealer maintains commercially reasonable hedge
positions (including the unwinding of any hedge position), solely resulting from Dealer not having received such notice prior to such
notice deadline (it being understood that the adjusted delivery obligation described in this proviso can never be less than zero
and can never require any payment by Counterparty); provided further that if the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options is
(x) Cash Settlement or (y) Combination Settlement, Dealer shall have received a separate notice (the Notice of Final
Settlement Method) in respect of all such Convertible Notes before 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Free Convertibility
Date specifying (1) the Relevant Settlement Method for such Options, and (2) if the Relevant Settlement Method is Combination
Settlement, the fixed amount of cash per Convertible Note that Counterparty has elected to deliver to Holders (as such
term is defined in the Indenture) of the related Convertible Notes (the Specified Cash Amount) and if Counterparty
fails to timely provide such Notice of Final Settlement Method, it shall be deemed to have provided a Notice of Final Settlement Method
indicating that the Relevant Settlement Method is Net Share Settlement. Counterparty acknowledges its responsibilities under applicable
securities laws, and in particular Section 9 and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act (as defined below) and the rules and
regulations thereunder, in respect of any election of a settlement method with respect to the Convertible Notes where the corresponding
Relevant Settlement Method is not Net Share Settlement.

4

Valuation Time: At the close of trading of the regular trading session
on the Exchange; provided that if the principal trading session is extended, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Valuation
Time in good faith and in its commercially reasonable discretion.

Market Disruption Event: Section 6.3(a) of the Equity
Definitions is hereby replaced in its entirety by the following:

Market Disruption
Event means, with respect to any date, (A) the failure by the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange
on which the Shares are then listed, or, if the Shares are not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, the principal
other market on which the Shares are then traded, to open for trading during its regular trading session on such date; or (B) the
occurrence or existence, for more than one half hour period in the aggregate, of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Shares or in any options contracts or futures
contracts relating to the Shares, and such suspension or limitation occurs or exists at any time before 1:00 p.m., New York City time,
on such date.

5

Settlement
Terms.

Settlement Method: For any Option, Net Share Settlement; provided
that if the Relevant Settlement Method as set forth below for such Option is not Net Share Settlement, then the Settlement Method for
such Option shall be such Relevant Settlement Method, but only if Counterparty (or any agent authorized by Counterparty and previously
identified to Dealer by Counterparty in writing) shall have notified Dealer of the Relevant Settlement Method in the Notice of Final
Settlement Method for such Option. If any such agent on behalf of Counterparty provides any such notice, Dealer shall be entitled to
rely on the accuracy of such notice without any independent investigation, and the contents of such notice shall be binding on Counterparty.

Relevant Settlement Method: In respect of any Option:

(i) if
Counterparty has elected (or, in the case of (C), is deemed to have elected) to settle its conversion obligations in respect of the related
Convertible Note (A) entirely in Shares pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i)(1) of the Indenture (together with cash in lieu
of fractional Shares), (B) in a combination of cash and Shares pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i)(3) of the Indenture with
a Specified Cash Amount less than USD 1,000 or (C) in a combination of cash and Shares pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i)(3) of
the Indenture with a Specified Cash Amount equal to USD 1,000, then, in each case, the Relevant Settlement Method for such Option
shall be Net Share Settlement;

(ii) if
Counterparty has elected to settle its conversion obligations in respect of the related Convertible Note in a combination of cash and
Shares pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i)(3) of the Indenture with a Specified Cash Amount greater than USD 1,000, then the Relevant
Settlement Method for such Option shall be Combination Settlement; and

(iii) if
Counterparty has elected to settle its conversion obligations in respect of the related Convertible Note entirely in cash pursuant to
Section 5.03(B)(i)(2) of the Indenture, then the Relevant Settlement Method for such Option shall be Cash Settlement.

6

Net Share Settlement: If Net Share Settlement is applicable to
any Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will deliver to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement Date for each such
Option, a number of Shares (the Net Share Settlement Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day during the Settlement
Averaging Period for each such Option, of (i) (a) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day, divided by (b) the
Relevant Price on such Valid Day, divided by (ii) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period.

Dealer will pay cash in lieu of delivering
any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Net Share Settlement Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the last Valid
Day of the Settlement Averaging Period.

Combination Settlement: If Combination Settlement is applicable to any
Option exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will pay or deliver, as the case may be, to Counterparty, on the relevant Settlement
Date for each such Option:

(i) cash (the Combination Settlement Cash Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid Day
during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of (A) an amount (the Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount)
equal to the lesser of (1) the product of (x) the Applicable Percentage and (y) the Specified Cash Amount minus
USD 1,000 and (2) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day, divided by (B) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement
Averaging Period; provided that if the calculation in clause (A) above results in zero or a negative number for any Valid
Day, the Daily Combination Settlement Cash Amount for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero; and

(ii) Shares (the Combination Settlement Share Amount) equal to the sum, for each Valid
Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of a number of Shares for such Valid Day (the Daily Combination
Settlement Share Amount) equal to (A) (1) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day minus the Daily Combination
Settlement Cash Amount for such Valid Day, divided by (2) the Relevant Price on such Valid Day, divided by (B) the
number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period; provided that if the calculation in sub-clause (A)(1) above results
in zero or a negative number for any Valid Day, the Daily Combination Settlement Share Amount for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be
zero.

Dealer will pay cash in lieu of delivering
any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Combination Settlement Share Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the last
Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period.

7

Cash Settlement: If Cash Settlement is applicable to any Option
exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, in lieu of Section 8.1 of the Equity Definitions, Dealer will pay to Counterparty, on the
relevant Settlement Date for each such Option, an amount of cash (the Cash Settlement Amount) equal to the sum,
for each Valid Day during the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option, of (i) the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day, divided
by (ii) the number of Valid Days in the Settlement Averaging Period.

Daily Option Value: For any Valid Day, an amount equal to (i) the
Option Entitlement on such Valid Day, multiplied by (ii) (A) the lesser of the Relevant Price on such Valid Day and
the Cap Price, less (B) the Strike Price on such Valid Day; provided that if the calculation contained in clause (ii) above
results in a negative number, the Daily Option Value for such Valid Day shall be deemed to be zero. In no event will the Daily Option
Value be less than zero.

Valid Day: A day on which (A) there is no Market Disruption
Event; and (B) trading in the Shares generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the
Shares are then listed or, if the Shares are not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other
market on which the Shares are then traded. If the Shares are not so listed or traded, then Valid Day means a Business
Day.

Scheduled Valid Day: A day that is scheduled to be a Valid Day on the
principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Shares are then listed or, if the Shares are not then listed on
a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Shares are then traded. If the Shares are
not so listed or traded, then Scheduled Valid Day means a Business Day.

Business Day: Any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on
which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed.

Relevant Price: On any Valid Day, the per Share volume-weighted average
price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page LCID AQR (or, if
such page is not available, its equivalent successor page) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the
scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Valid Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable
at such time, the market value of one Share on such Valid Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner using, if practicable, a volume-weighted average method). The Relevant Price will be determined without regard to after-hours
trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session.

Settlement Averaging
Period: For
any Option and regardless of the Settlement Method applicable to such Option, the 30 consecutive Valid Days commencing on, and including,
the 31st Scheduled Valid Day immediately prior to the Expiration Date.

8

Settlement Date: For any Option, the second Business Day immediately
following the final Valid Day of the Settlement Averaging Period for such Option.

Settlement Currency: USD

Other Applicable Provisions: The provisions of Sections 9.1(c),
9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable, except that all references in such provisions to Physically-settled
shall be read as references to Share Settled. Share Settled in relation to any Option means that Net Share
Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable to that Option.

Representation and Agreement: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the Equity Definitions (including, but not limited to, Section 9.11 thereof), the parties acknowledge that (i) any Shares delivered
to Counterparty shall be, upon delivery, subject to restrictions and limitations arising from Counterpartys status as issuer of
the Shares under applicable securities laws, (ii) Dealer may deliver any Shares required to be delivered hereunder in certificated
form in lieu of delivery through the Clearance System and (iii) any Shares delivered to Counterparty may be restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)).

3. Additional
Terms applicable to the Transaction.

Adjustments applicable to the Transaction:

Potential Adjustment Events: Notwithstanding Section 11.2(e) of
the Equity Definitions, a Potential Adjustment Event means an occurrence of any event or condition, as set forth in any
Dilution Adjustment Provision, that would result in an adjustment under the Indenture to the Conversion Rate or the composition
of a Reference Property Unit or to any Last Reported Sale Price, Daily VWAP, Daily Conversion
Value, Daily Share Amount or Daily Cash Amount (each as defined in the Indenture). For the avoidance
of doubt, Dealer shall not have any delivery or payment obligation hereunder, and no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Transaction,
on account of (x) any distribution of cash, property or securities by Counterparty to holders of the Convertible Notes (upon conversion
or otherwise) or (y) any other transaction in which holders of the Convertible Notes are entitled to participate, in each case,
in lieu of an adjustment under the Indenture of the type referred to in the immediately preceding sentence (including, without limitation,
pursuant to the proviso in the first paragraph of Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) of the Indenture or the proviso in
the first paragraph of Section 5.05(A)(iv) of the Indenture).

9

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment, which means
that, notwithstanding Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions, upon any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent,
acting in good faith and commercially reasonably, taking into account the relevant provisions of the Indenture, shall make a corresponding
adjustment to any one or more of the Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise,
settlement or payment for the Transaction.

Notwithstanding the foregoing and Consequences
of Merger Events / Tender Offers below:

(i) if the Calculation Agent in
good faith disagrees with any adjustment to the Convertible Notes that involves an exercise of discretion by Counterparty or its board
of directors (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 5.05(H) of the Indenture, Section 5.09 of the Indenture
or any supplemental indenture entered into thereunder or in connection with any proportional adjustment or the determination of the fair
value of any securities, property, rights or other assets), then in each such case, the Calculation Agent will determine the adjustment
to be made to any one or more of the Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise,
settlement or payment for the Transaction in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the relevant provisions of the Indenture;
provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Potential Adjustment Event occurs during the Settlement Averaging Period
but no adjustment was made to any Convertible Note under the Indenture because the relevant Holder (as such term is defined
in the Indenture) was deemed to be a record owner of the underlying Shares on the related Conversion Date, then the Calculation Agent
shall make a commercially reasonable adjustment, as determined by it, to the terms hereof in order to account for such Potential Adjustment
Event;

(ii) in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event as a result of an event or condition set forth in Section 5.05(A)(ii) of
the Indenture or Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) of the Indenture where, in either case, the period for determining Y
(as such term is used in Section 5.05(A)(ii) of the Indenture) or SP (as such term is used in Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) of
the Indenture), as the case may be, begins before Counterparty has publicly announced the event or condition giving rise to such Potential
Adjustment Event, then the Calculation Agent shall have the right to adjust, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, any
variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the commercially reasonable costs
(including, but not limited to, hedging mismatches and market losses) and expenses incurred by Dealer in connection with its commercially
reasonable hedging activities as a result of such event or condition not having been publicly announced prior to the beginning of such
period; and

10

(iii) if any Potential Adjustment
Event is declared and (a) the event or condition giving rise to such Potential Adjustment Event is subsequently amended, modified,
cancelled or abandoned, (b) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) is otherwise not adjusted at the time
or in the manner contemplated by the relevant Dilution Adjustment Provision based on such declaration or (c) the Conversion
Rate (as defined in the Indenture) is adjusted as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event and subsequently re-adjusted (each
of clauses (a), (b) and (c), a Potential Adjustment Event Change) then, in each case, the Calculation Agent
shall have the right to adjust, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement
or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the commercially reasonable costs (including, but not limited to, hedging mismatches
and market losses) and commercially reasonable expenses incurred by Dealer in connection with its commercially reasonable hedging activities
as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event Change.

Dilution Adjustment Provisions: Sections 5.05(A)(i), (ii), (iii),
(iv) and (v) and Section 5.05(H) of the Indenture.

Extraordinary Events applicable to the
Transaction:

Merger Events: Applicable; provided that notwithstanding
Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions, a Merger Event means the occurrence of any event or condition set
forth in the definition of Common Stock Change Event in Section 5.09(A) of the Indenture.

Tender Offers: Applicable; provided that notwithstanding
Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions, a Tender Offer means the occurrence of any event or condition set
forth in Section 5.05(A)(v) of the Indenture.

11

Consequences of
Merger Events/ 

Tender Offers: Notwithstanding Section 12.2 and Section 12.3
of the Equity Definitions, upon the occurrence of a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent shall make a corresponding
adjustment in respect of any adjustment under the Indenture to any one or more of the nature of the Shares (in the case of a Merger Event,
including, without limitation, to the extent any depositary receipts constitute Reference Property under, and as defined
in, the Indenture), Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or
payment for the Transaction, subject to the second paragraph under Method of Adjustment; provided, however,
that such adjustment shall be made without regard to any adjustment to the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture)
pursuant to any Excluded Provision; provided further that if, with respect to any Merger Event or any Tender Offer, (i) (A) the
consideration for the Shares includes (or, at the option of a holder of Shares, may include) shares (or depositary receipts with respect
to shares) of an entity or person that is either (1) neither a corporation nor an entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S.
federal income tax purposes or (2) not organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia
or (B) Counterparty to the Transaction following such Merger Event or Tender Offer will not be either a corporation or an entity
that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or will not be organized under the laws of the United States, any
State thereof or the District of Columbia and (ii) (A) Dealer determines in a commercially reasonable manner at any time following
the occurrence of such Merger Event or Tender Offer that (x) such Merger Event or Tender Offer has had or will have an adverse effect
on Dealer under the Transaction or (y) Dealer will incur or has incurred an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on
the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the economic risk of entering into and performing
its obligations with respect to the Transaction in a commercially reasonable manner or (2) realize, recover or remit the proceeds
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or (B) Dealer determines, in its good faith and reasonable judgment, that it will
not be in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with related policies and procedures, applicable
to Dealer, then, in either case, Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination) may apply at Dealers commercially
reasonable election; provided further that, for the avoidance of doubt, adjustments shall be made pursuant to the provisions set
forth above regardless of whether any Merger Event or Tender Offer gives rise to an Early Conversion.

12

Consequences of Announcement Events: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment
as set forth in Section 12.3(d) of the Equity Definitions; provided that, in respect of an Announcement Event, (x) references
to Tender Offer shall be replaced by references to Announcement Event and references to Tender Offer
Date shall be replaced by references to date of such Announcement Event, (y) the phrase exercise, settlement,
payment or any other terms of the Transaction (including, without limitation, the spread) shall be replaced with the phrase Cap
Price (provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike Price) and the words whether within
a commercially reasonable (as determined by the Calculation Agent) period of time prior to or after the Announcement Event, shall
be inserted prior to the word which in the seventh line, and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent
shall determine whether the relevant Announcement Event has had an economic effect on the Transaction (and, if so, shall, acting in good
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, adjust the Cap Price accordingly) on one or more occasions on or after the date of the
Announcement Event up to, and including, the Expiration Date, any Early Termination Date and/or any other date of cancellation (and,
for the avoidance of doubt, shall make such adjustment to take into account the cumulative effect on the Expiration Date, any Early Termination
Date and/or any other date of cancellation), it being understood that any adjustment in respect of an Announcement Event shall take into
account any earlier adjustment relating to the same Announcement Event. An Announcement Event shall be an Extraordinary Event
for purposes of the Equity Definitions, to which Article 12 of the Equity Definitions is applicable.

Announcement Event: (i) The public announcement by Issuer, any subsidiary
of Issuer, any agent of Issuer, any Valid Third Party Entity or any agent of a Valid Third Party Entity of (x) any transaction or
event that, if completed, would constitute a Merger Event or Tender Offer, (y) any potential acquisition or disposition by Issuer
and/or its subsidiaries where the aggregate consideration exceeds 35% of the market capitalization of Issuer as of the date of such announcement
(a Transformative Transaction) or (z) the intention to enter into a Merger Event or Tender Offer or a Transformative
Transaction, (ii) the public announcement by Issuer of an intention to solicit or enter into, or to explore strategic alternatives
or other similar undertaking that, if completed, would constitute a Merger Event, Tender Offer or Transformative Transaction or (iii) any
subsequent public announcement by any entity with respect to a transaction or intention that is the subject of an announcement of the
type described in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence (including, without limitation, a new announcement, whether or not by
the same party, relating to such a transaction or intention or the announcement of a withdrawal from, or the abandonment or discontinuation
of, such a transaction or intention), as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of
doubt, the occurrence of an Announcement Event with respect to any transaction or intention shall not preclude the occurrence of a later
Announcement Event with respect to such transaction or intention. For purposes of this definition of Announcement Event,
(A) Merger Event shall mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions (but, for
the avoidance of doubt, the remainder of the definition of Merger Event in Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions
following the definition of Reverse Merger therein shall be disregarded) and (B) Tender Offer shall
mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions (as amended by Section 9(i)(ii) below).

13

Valid Third Party Entity: In respect of any transaction, any third
party that has a bona fide intent to enter into or consummate such transaction, as determined by the Calculation Agent (it being understood
and agreed that in determining whether such third party has such a bona fide intent, the Calculation Agent shall take into consideration
the effect of the relevant announcement by such third party on the Shares and/or options relating to the Shares).

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment (Calculation
Agent Determination); provided that, in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions,
it will also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded
or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective
successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global
Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors), such exchange or quotation system shall thereafter be deemed
to be the Exchange.

Additional Disruption
Events:

Change in Law: Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of
the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase the interpretation in the third line thereof
with the phrase , or public announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation, (ii) replacing the word Shares
where it appears in clause (X) thereof with the words Hedge Position and (iii) replacing the parenthetical beginning
after the word regulation in the second line thereof the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without
limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption, effectiveness or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing
statute). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, a Change in Law described in clause (Y) of
Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions shall not constitute a Change in Law and instead shall constitute an Increased
Cost of Hedging as described in Section 12.9(a)(vi) of the Equity Definitions, and any such determination of a Change in Law
shall be consistently applied by the Determining Party across transactions similar to the Transaction and for counterparties similar
to Counterparty.

14

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Hedging Disruption: Applicable; provided that:

(i) Section 12.9(a)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting the following two
phrases at the end of such Section:

For the
avoidance of doubt, the term equity price risk shall be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, stock price and
volatility risk. And, for the further avoidance of doubt, any such transactions or assets referred to in phrases (A) or (B) above
must be available on commercially reasonable pricing terms.; and

(ii) Section 12.9(b)(iii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting in the third line
thereof, after the words to terminate the Transaction, the words or, if a portion of the Transaction is affected
by such Hedging Disruption (as commercially reasonably determined by the Hedging Party), such portion of the Transaction affected by such
Hedging Disruption.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in the Equity Definitions, in no event will a Hedging Disruption occur solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness
of the Hedging Party.

Increased Cost of Hedging: Applicable solely with respect to a Change
in Law described in clause (Y) of Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions as set forth in the last sentence
opposite the caption Change in Law above (which determination shall be consistently applied by the Determining Party across
transactions similar to the Transaction and for counterparties similar to Counterparty).

Hedging Party: For all applicable Additional Disruption Events, Dealer.
Following any determination by the Hedging Party hereunder, upon a request by Counterparty, the Hedging Party shall promptly (but in
any event within five Exchange Business Days) provide to Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty in such
request a report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) displaying in reasonable detail
the basis for such determination (including any assumptions used in making such determination), it being understood that the Hedging
Party shall not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models used by it for such determination or any information
that may be proprietary or confidential or subject to an obligation not to disclose such information. All calculations, adjustments and
determinations by Dealer acting in its capacity as the Hedging Party shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner
and assuming that Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

15

Determining Party: For all applicable Extraordinary Events, Dealer; provided
that when making any determination or calculation as Determining Party, Dealer shall be bound by the same obligations
relating to required acts of the Calculation Agent as set forth in Section 1.40 of the Equity Definitions and this Confirmation
as if the Determining Party were the Calculation Agent. Following any determination or calculation by the Determining Party hereunder,
upon a request by Counterparty, the Determining Party shall promptly (but in any event within five Exchange Business Days) provide to
Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty in such request a report (in a commonly used file format for the
storage and manipulation of financial data) displaying in reasonable detail the basis for such determination or calculation (including
any assumptions used in making such determination or calculation), it being understood that the Determining Party shall not be obligated
to disclose any proprietary or confidential models used by it for such determination or calculation or any information that may be proprietary
or confidential or subject to an obligation not to disclose such information. All calculations, adjustments and determinations by Dealer
acting in its capacity as the Determining Party shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and assuming that
Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

Non-Reliance: Applicable

Agreements and Acknowledgments 

Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable

Hedging Adjustments: For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the Determining
Party or Calculation Agent is called upon or permitted to make an adjustment pursuant to the terms of this Confirmation or the Equity
Definitions to take into account the effect of an event (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment that is required to be
made by reference to the Indenture), the Determining Party or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall make such adjustment by reference
to the effect of such event on Dealer assuming that Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

16

4. Calculation Agent. Dealer,
whose judgments, determinations and calculations shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; provided that,
following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default of the type described in Section 5(a)(vii) of the
Agreement with respect to which Dealer is the sole Defaulting Party, if the Calculation Agent fails to timely make any calculation, adjustment
or determination required to be made by the Calculation Agent hereunder and such failure continues for five Exchange Business Days following
notice to the Calculation Agent by Counterparty of such failure, Counterparty shall have the right to designate a nationally recognized
third-party dealer in over-the-counter corporate equity derivatives to act, during the period commencing on the date such Event of Default
occurred and ending on the Early Termination Date with respect to such Event of Default, as the Calculation Agent. Following any determination,
adjustment or calculation by the Calculation Agent hereunder, upon a request by Counterparty, the Calculation Agent shall promptly (but
in any event within five Exchange Business Days) provide to Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty in
such request a report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) displaying in reasonable detail
the basis for such determination, adjustment or calculation (including any assumptions used in making such determination or calculation),
it being understood that the Calculation Agent shall not be obligated to disclose any proprietary or confidential models used by it for
such determination or calculation or any information that may be proprietary or confidential or subject to an obligation not to disclose
such information.

Dealer,
whether as Calculation Agent, Hedging Party, Determining Party or otherwise, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify
Counterparty of any event giving rise to any adjustment required or, to the extent it makes any such adjustment, permitted to be made
to the terms of the Transaction, the terms being adjusted and, for each term so adjusted, such term, in each case, as promptly as reasonably
practicable after giving effect to such adjustment.

5. Account
Details.

(a) Account for payments to Counterparty:

To be provided by Counterparty.

Account for delivery of Shares to Counterparty:

To be provided by Counterparty.

(b) Account for payments to Dealer:

To be provided by Counterparty.

Account for delivery of Shares from Dealer:

To be provided by Counterparty.

17

6. Offices.

(a) The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is: Inapplicable, Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party.

(b) The Office of Dealer for the Transaction is: [_____]

7. Notices.

(a) Address for notices or communications to Counterparty:

Lucid Group, Inc.

7373 Gateway Boulevard

Newark, CA 94560

Attention: [_____]

(b) Address for notices or communications to Dealer:

[______]

8. Representations
and Warranties of Counterparty.

Counterparty hereby represents and warrants
to Dealer on the date hereof and on and as of the Premium Payment Date that:

(a) Counterparty has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
in respect of the Transaction; such execution, delivery and performance have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on
Counterpartys part; and this Confirmation has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Counterparty and constitutes its
valid and binding obligation, enforceable against Counterparty in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and subject,
as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity) and except that rights to indemnification and contribution
hereunder may be limited by federal or state securities laws or public policy relating thereto.

(b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Confirmation nor the incurrence or performance of obligations
of Counterparty hereunder will conflict with or result in a breach of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or any equivalent documents)
of Counterparty, or any applicable law or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental authority
or agency, or any agreement or instrument filed as an exhibit to Counterpartys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024, as updated by any subsequent filings, to which Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which
Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries is subject, or constitute a default
under, or result in the creation of any lien under, any such agreement or instrument.

(c) No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any
court is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by Counterparty of this Confirmation, except such as have
been obtained or made and such as may be required under the Securities Act or state securities laws.

(d) Counterparty is not and, after consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will not be required
to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

18

(e) Counterparty is an eligible contract participant (as such term is defined in Section 1a(18)
of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, other than a person that is an eligible contract participant under Section 1a(18)(C) of
the Commodity Exchange Act).

(f) Counterparty is not, on the date hereof, in possession of any material non-public information with respect
to Counterparty or the Shares.

(g) To Counterpartys actual knowledge, no state or local (including any non-U.S. jurisdictions)
law, rule, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement
(including without limitation a requirement to obtain prior approval from any person or entity) as a result of Dealer or its affiliates
owning or holding (however defined) Shares.

(h) Counterparty (A) is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with
regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities; (B) will exercise independent judgment in
evaluating the recommendations of any broker-dealer or its associated persons, unless it has otherwise notified the broker-dealer in writing;
(C) has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investments, financial and accounting advisors with respect to the
Transaction to the extent that it has deemed necessary; and (D) has total assets of at least USD 50 million.

(i) The assets of Counterparty do not constitute plan assets under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended, the Department of Labor Regulations promulgated thereunder or similar law.

(j) On and immediately after the Trade Date and the Premium Payment Date, (A) the value of the total
assets of Counterparty is greater than the sum of the total liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and the capital (as such terms
are defined in Section 154 and Section 244 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) of Counterparty, (B) the
capital of Counterparty is adequate to conduct the business of Counterparty, and Counterpartys entry into the Transaction will
not impair its capital, (C) Counterparty has the ability to pay its debts and obligations as such debts mature and does not intend
to, or does not believe that it will, incur debt beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature, (D) Counterparty will be able to
continue as a going concern; (E) Counterparty is not insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32)
of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) (the Bankruptcy Code)) and (F) Counterparty
would be able to purchase the number of Shares with respect to the Transaction in compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction of Counterpartys
incorporation (including the adequate surplus and capital requirements of Sections 154 and 160 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware).

(k) Counterparty acknowledges that
the Transaction may constitute a purchase of its equity securities or a capital distribution. Counterparty further acknowledges that,
pursuant to the provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act), Counterparty
would be required to agree to certain time-bound restrictions on its ability to purchase its equity securities or make capital distributions
if it receives loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as that term is defined in the CARES Act) under section 4003(b) of the CARES
Act. Counterparty further acknowledges that it may be required to agree to certain time-bound restrictions on its ability to purchase
its equity securities or make capital distributions if it receives loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as that term is defined in
the CARES Act) under programs or facilities established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the U.S. Department
of Treasury for the purpose of providing liquidity to the financial system, and may be required to agree to similar restrictions under
programs or facilities established in the future (collectively, Governmental Financial Assistance). Accordingly,
Counterparty represents and warrants that it has not applied for, and has no present intention to apply for, Governmental Financial Assistance
under any governmental program or facility that (a) is established under applicable law (whether in existence as of the Trade
Date or subsequently enacted, adopted or amended), including without limitation the CARES Act or the Federal Reserve Act, as amended,
and (b) requires under applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other pronouncement of a governmental authority
with jurisdiction for such program or facility), as a condition of such Governmental Financial Assistance, that Counterparty agree, attest,
certify or warrant that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, repurchased, or will not repurchase, any equity security
of Counterparty or that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, made a capital distribution or will not make a capital
distribution.

19

9. Other
Provisions.

(a) Opinions. Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer an opinion of counsel, dated as of the Premium
Payment Date, with respect to the matters set forth in Sections 8(a) through (c) of this Confirmation; provided that
any such opinion of counsel may contain customary exceptions and qualifications. Delivery of such opinion to Dealer shall be a condition
precedent for the purpose of Section 2(a)(iii) of the Agreement with respect to each obligation of Dealer under Section 2(a)(i) of
the Agreement.

(b) Repurchase Notices. Counterparty shall, on or prior to the date one Scheduled Trading Day
immediately following any date on which Counterparty has effected any repurchase of Shares, promptly give Dealer a written notice of such
repurchase (a Repurchase Notice) on such day if following such repurchase, the number of outstanding Shares as determined
on such day is (i) less than [__]12 million (in the case of the first such notice) or (ii) thereafter more than
[__]13 million less than the number of Shares included in the immediately preceding Repurchase Notice; provided that,
with respect to any repurchase of Shares pursuant to a plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), Counterparty may elect to satisfy such requirement by promptly giving Dealer written notice of
the entry into such plan, the maximum number of Shares that may be repurchased thereunder and the approximate dates or periods during
which such repurchases may occur (with such maximum number of Shares deemed repurchased on the date of such notice for purposes of this
Section 9(b)). Counterparty agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Dealer and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors,
employees, affiliates, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person) from and against any
and all losses (including losses relating to Dealers hedging activities as a consequence of becoming, or of the risk of becoming,
a Section 16 insider, including without limitation, any forbearance from hedging activities or cessation of hedging
activities and any losses in connection therewith with respect to the Transaction), claims, damages, judgments, liabilities and reasonable
expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), joint or several, which an Indemnified Person may become subject to, in each case,
as a result of Counterpartys failure to provide Dealer with a Repurchase Notice on the day and in the manner specified in this
paragraph, and to reimburse, within 30 days, upon written request, each of such Indemnified Persons for any reasonable legal or other
expenses incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, providing testimony or other evidence in connection with or defending
any of the foregoing. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall
be brought or asserted against the Indemnified Person as a result of Counterpartys failure to provide Dealer with a Repurchase
Notice in accordance with this paragraph, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify Counterparty in writing, and Counterparty, upon
request of the Indemnified Person, shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified
Person and any others Counterparty may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel related
to such proceeding. Counterparty shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding contemplated by this paragraph that is effected
without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, Counterparty agrees to
indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Counterparty shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding contemplated
by this paragraph that is in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought
hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability
on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding on terms reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person. If the indemnification
provided for in this paragraph is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities
referred to therein, then Counterparty hereunder, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the
amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities. The remedies provided for
in this paragraph (b) are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified
Person at law or in equity. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this paragraph shall remain operative and in full force
and effect regardless of the termination of the Transaction.

12
Insert the number of Shares outstanding that would cause the current position in the Shares underlying the Transaction of the Dealer
with the highest Applicable Percentage (including the number of Shares underlying any additional transaction if the greenshoe is exercised
in full) to increase by 0.5%.

13
Insert the number of Shares that, if repurchased, would cause the current position in the Shares underlying the Transaction of the Dealer
with the highest Applicable Percentage (including the number of Shares underlying any additional transaction if the greenshoe is exercised
in full) to increase by a further 0.5% from the threshold for the first Repurchase Notice.

20

(c) Regulation M. Counterparty is not on the Trade Date engaged in a distribution, as such term
is used in Regulation M under the Exchange Act, of any securities of Counterparty, other than a distribution meeting the requirements
of the exception set forth in Rules 101(b)(10) and 102(b)(7) of Regulation M. Counterparty shall not, until the second
Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date, engage in any such distribution.

(d) No Manipulation. Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to create actual or apparent
trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate
the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act.

(e) Transfer or Assignment.

(i) Counterparty shall have the right to transfer or assign its rights and obligations hereunder with respect
to all, but not less than all, of the Options hereunder (such Options, the Transfer Options); provided that
such transfer or assignment shall be subject to reasonable conditions that Dealer may impose, including but not limited to, the following
conditions:

(A) with respect to any Transfer Options, Counterparty shall not be released from its notice and indemnification
obligations pursuant to Section 9(b) or any obligations under Section 9(m) or 9(r) of this Confirmation;

(B) any Transfer Options shall only be transferred or assigned to a third party that is a United States person
(as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code));

(C) such transfer or assignment
shall be effected on terms, including any reasonable undertakings by such third party (including, but not limited to, an undertaking with
respect to compliance with applicable securities laws in a manner that, in the reasonable judgment of Dealer,
will not expose Dealer to material risks under applicable securities laws)
and execution of any documentation and delivery of legal opinions with respect to securities laws and other matters by such third party
and Counterparty, as are requested and reasonably satisfactory to Dealer;

(D) under the applicable law effective on or as of
the date of such transfer and assignment, (1) Dealer will not, as a result of such transfer and assignment (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any indemnity from the transferee or assignee to Dealer provided in connection with such
transfer or assignment), be required to pay the transferee on any payment date an amount under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement
greater than the amount that Dealer would have been required to pay to
Counterparty in the absence of such transfer and assignment, except to the extent that the greater amount is due to a Change in Tax Law
after the date of such transfer or assignment and (2) Dealer shall be entitled
to a payment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any indemnity from the transferee or assignee to Dealer provided
in connection with such transfer or assignment), on any payment date, that is not less than the payment Dealer would have received in
the absence of such transfer and/or assignment on account of any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax (as defined in
the Agreement), except to the extent such deduction or withholding is due to a Change in Tax Law after the date of such transfer or assignment;

21

(E) an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event will not occur as a result of such
transfer and assignment;

(F) Without limiting the generality
of clause (B), Counterparty shall cause the transferee to make such Payee Tax Representations and to provide such tax documentation as
may be reasonably requested by Dealer to permit Dealer
to determine that the results described in clauses (D) and (E) will not occur upon or after such transfer and assignment;
and

(G) Counterparty shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable counsel
fees, incurred by Dealer in connection with such transfer or assignment.

22

(ii) Dealer may transfer or assign
all or any part of its rights or obligations under the Transaction (A) without Counterpartys consent, to any affiliate
of Dealer (1) that has a long-term issuer rating that is equal to or better than Dealers credit rating at the time of such
transfer or assignment, or (2) whose obligations hereunder will be guaranteed, pursuant to the terms of a customary guarantee in
a form used by Dealer generally for similar transactions, by Dealer or Dealers ultimate parent, or (B) with Counterpartys
consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to any other third party with a long-term issuer rating equal to or
better than the lesser of (1) the credit rating of Dealer at the time of the transfer and (2) A- by Standard and Poors
Financial Services LLC or its successor (S&P), or A3 by Moodys Investor Service, Inc. or its successor
(Moodys) or, if either S&P or Moodys ceases to rate such debt, at least an equivalent rating or
better by a substitute rating agency mutually agreed by Counterparty and Dealer; provided that, in the case of any transfer or
assignment described in clause (A) or (B) above, under the applicable law effective on or as of the date of such transfer or
assignment, (i) no Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event will occur as a result of such transfer or assignment,
(ii) such transfer or assignment would not result in a taxable exchange from Counterpartys perspective for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, (iii)(1) Counterparty will not, as a result of such transfer or assignment (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
after giving effect to any indemnity to Counterparty provided in connection with such transfer or assignment), be required to pay the
transferee or assignee on any payment date an amount under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement greater than the amount that
Counterparty would have been required to pay to Dealer in the absence of such transfer or assignment, except to the extent that the greater
amount is due to a Change in Tax Law after the date of such transfer or assignment and (2) Counterparty shall be entitled to a payment
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any indemnity to Counterparty provided in connection with such transfer
or assignment), on any payment date, that is not less than the payment Counterparty would have received in the absence of such transfer
and/or assignment on account of any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax (as defined in the Agreement), except to the
extent such deduction or withholding is due to a Change in Tax Law after the date of such transfer or assignment. If at any time at which
(A) the Section 16 Percentage exceeds 9.5%, (B) the Option Equity Percentage exceeds 14.5%, or (C) the Share Amount
exceeds the Applicable Share Limit (if any applies) (any such condition described in clauses (A), (B) or (C), an Excess
Ownership Position), Dealer is unable after using its commercially reasonable efforts to effect a transfer or assignment of
Options to a third party on pricing terms reasonably acceptable to Dealer and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Dealer such
that no Excess Ownership Position exists, then Dealer may designate any Exchange Business Day as an Early Termination Date with respect
to a portion of the Transaction (the Terminated Portion), such that following such partial termination no Excess
Ownership Position exists. In the event that Dealer so designates an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction,
a payment shall be made pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (1) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect
of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the number of Options underlying the Terminated
Portion, (2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such partial termination and (3) the Terminated Portion
were the sole Affected Transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Section 9(k) shall apply to any
amount that is payable by Dealer to Counterparty pursuant to this sentence as if Counterparty was not the Affected Party). The Section 16
Percentage as of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, (A) the numerator of which is the number of Shares
that Dealer and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation with Dealer for purposes of the beneficial ownership
test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, or any group (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
of which Dealer is or may be deemed to be a part beneficially owns (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act), without
duplication, on such day (or, to the extent that for any reason the equivalent calculation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder results in a higher number, such higher number) and (B) the denominator of which is the
number of Shares outstanding on such day. The Option Equity Percentage as of any day is the fraction, expressed as
a percentage, (A) the numerator of which is the sum of (1) the product of the Number of Options and the Option Entitlement and
(2) the aggregate number of Shares underlying any other call option transaction sold by Dealer to Counterparty, and (B) the
denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding. The Share Amount as of any day is the number of Shares
that Dealer and any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Dealer (Dealer or any such person, a Dealer
Person) under any law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty that are,
in each case, applicable to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively
owns, controls, holds the power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership under any Applicable Restriction, as determined
by Dealer in its reasonable discretion. The Applicable Share Limit means a number of Shares equal to (A) the
minimum number of Shares that could give rise to reporting or registration obligations (except for any filing obligations on Form 13F,
Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act, in each case, as in effect on the Trade Date) or other requirements (including obtaining
prior approval from any person or entity) of a Dealer Person, or could result in an adverse effect on a Dealer Person, under any Applicable
Restriction, as determined by Dealer in its reasonable discretion, minus (B) 1% of the number of Shares outstanding. Dealer
shall cause the transferee or assignee to make the Payee Tax Representations and to provide such tax documentation as may be reasonably
requested by Counterparty to permit Counterparty to determine that the results described in (ii), (iii)(1) and (iii)(2) of this
paragraph will not occur upon or after the transfer and assignment.

23

(iii) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing Dealer
to purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities, or make or receive any payment in cash, to or from Counterparty,
Dealer may designate any of its affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such Shares or other securities, or to make or receive
such payment in cash, and otherwise to perform Dealers obligations in respect of the Transaction and any such designee may assume
such obligations. Counterparty shall be entitled to a payment, on any payment date, that is not, after giving effect to any amounts paid
under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement, less than the payment Counterparty would have received in the absence of such designation
on account of any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax (as defined in the Agreement), except to the extent such deduction
or withholding results from a Change in Tax Law occurring after the date of such designation. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations
to Counterparty to the extent of any such performance.

(f) Staggered Settlement. If upon advice of counsel with respect to applicable legal and regulatory
requirements, including any requirements relating to Dealers hedging activities hereunder, Dealer reasonably determines that it
would not be practicable or advisable to deliver, or to acquire Shares to deliver, any or all of the Shares to be delivered by Dealer
on any Settlement Date for the Transaction, Dealer may, by notice to Counterparty on or prior to any Settlement Date (a Nominal
Settlement Date), elect to deliver the Shares on two or more dates (each, a Staggered Settlement Date)
as follows:

(i) in such notice, Dealer will specify to Counterparty the related Staggered Settlement Dates (each of which
will be on or prior to such Nominal Settlement Date) and the number of Shares that it will deliver on each Staggered Settlement Date;

(ii) the aggregate number of Shares that Dealer will deliver to Counterparty hereunder on all such Staggered
Settlement Dates will equal the number of Shares that Dealer would otherwise be required to deliver on such Nominal Settlement Date; and

(iii) if the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement terms set forth above were to apply on
the Nominal Settlement Date, then the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement terms, as the case may be, will apply on
each Staggered Settlement Date, except that the Shares otherwise deliverable on such Nominal Settlement Date will be allocated among such
Staggered Settlement Dates as specified by Dealer in the notice referred to in clause (i) above.

(g) [Insert any Dealer Agency Language][Reserved].

(h) Additional Termination Events.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, upon any Early Conversion in respect of
which a notice of conversion under the Indenture that is effective as to Counterparty has been delivered by the relevant converting Holder:

(A) Counterparty may, within ten
Scheduled Trading Days of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion, provide written notice (an Early Conversion Notice)
to Dealer specifying the number of Convertible Notes surrendered for conversion on such Conversion Date (such Convertible Notes, the Affected
Convertible Notes), and the giving of such Early Conversion Notice shall constitute an Additional Termination Event as provided
in this clause (i) (provided that any such Early ConversionNotice
shall contain the representation and warranty that Counterparty is not, on the date thereof, in possession of any material non-public
information with respect to Counterparty or the Shares);

(B) upon receipt of any such Early Conversion Notice, Dealer shall designate an Exchange Business Day as an
Early Termination Date (which Exchange Business Day shall be as promptly as reasonably practicable following the Conversion Date for such
Early Conversion) with respect to the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of Options (the Affected Number of
Options) equal to the lesser of (x) the number of Affected Convertible Notes [minus the Affected Number
of Options (as defined in the Base Call Option Confirmation), if any, that relate to such Affected Convertible Notes]14
and (y) the Number of Options as of the Conversion Date for such Early Conversion;

14
Include in Additional Call Option Confirmation only.

24

(C) any payment hereunder with respect to such termination shall be calculated
pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (x) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having
terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the Affected Number of Options, (y) Counterparty were the sole
Affected Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event and (z) the terminated portion of the Transaction were the sole
Affected Transaction (and for the avoidance of doubt, any payment pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to Section 9(k) of
this Confirmation);

(D) for the avoidance of doubt, in determining the amount payable in respect of such Affected Transaction
pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement, the Calculation Agent shall assume that (x) the relevant Early Conversion and any conversions,
adjustments, agreements, payments, deliveries or acquisitions by or on behalf of Counterparty leading thereto had not occurred, (y) no
adjustments to the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) have occurred pursuant to any Excluded Provision and (z) the
corresponding Convertible Notes remain outstanding; and

(E) the Transaction shall remain in full force and effect, except that, as of the Conversion Date for such
Early Conversion, the Number of Options shall be reduced by the Affected Number of Options.

(ii) Within ten Scheduled Trading Days following any Repayment Event (as defined below), Counterparty may notify
Dealer of such Repayment Event, including the aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes subject to such Repayment Event (any such
notice, a Repayment Notice)[; provided that any Repayment Notice delivered to Dealer pursuant
to the Base Call Option Confirmation shall be deemed to be a Repayment Notice pursuant to this Confirmation and the terms of such Repayment
Notice shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to this Confirmation]15.
Such Repayment Notice shall contain the representation and warranty that Counterparty is not, on the date thereof, in possession of any
material non-public information with respect to Counterparty or the Shares. The receipt by Dealer from Counterparty of any Repayment Notice
shall constitute an Additional Termination Event as provided in this Section 9(h)(ii). Upon receipt of any such Repayment Notice,
Dealer shall designate an Exchange Business Day following receipt of such Repayment Notice as an Early Termination Date with respect to
the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of Options (the Repayment Options) equal to the lesser of
(A) [(x)] the aggregate principal amount of such Convertible Notes specified in such Repayment Notice, divided by USD
1,000, [minus (y) the number of Repayment Options (as defined in the Base Call Option Confirmation), if any,
that relate to such Convertible Notes (and for the purposes of determining whether any Options under this Confirmation or under the Base
Call Option Confirmation will be among the Repayment Options hereunder or under, and as defined in, the Base Call Option Confirmation,
the Convertible Notes specified in such Repayment Notice shall be allocated first to the Base Call Option Confirmation until all Options
thereunder are exercised or terminated)]16,
and (B) the Number of Options as of the date Dealer designates such Early Termination Date and, as of such date, the Number of Options
shall be reduced by the number of Repayment Options. Any payment hereunder with respect to such termination (the Repayment Unwind
Payment) shall be calculated pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (1) an Early Termination Date had been
designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the number of Repayment
Options, (2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event and (3) the terminated
portion of the Transaction were the sole Affected Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment pursuant to this paragraph shall
be subject to Section 9(k) of this Confirmation. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, solely for purposes of calculating
the amount payable pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement pursuant to the second immediately preceding sentence, Dealer shall assume
that the relevant Repayment Event and any conversions, adjustments, agreements, payments, deliveries or acquisitions by or on behalf of
Counterparty leading thereto had not occurred, no adjustments to the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Indenture)
have occurred pursuant to any Excluded Provision and the corresponding Convertible Notes remain outstanding as if the circumstances related
to such Repayment Event had not occurred. Repayment Event means that (i) any Convertible Notes are repurchased
(whether in connection with or as a result of a fundamental change, howsoever defined, or for any other reason) by Counterparty or any
of its subsidiaries, (ii) any Convertible Notes are delivered to Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries in exchange for delivery
of any property or assets of such party (howsoever described), (iii) any principal of any of the Convertible Notes is repaid prior
to the final maturity date of the Convertible Notes, or (iv) any Convertible Notes are exchanged by or for the benefit of the Holders
(as defined in the Indenture) thereof for any other securities of Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries (or any other property, or any
combination thereof) pursuant to any exchange offer or similar transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, any conversion of Convertible
Notes (whether into cash, Shares, Reference Property (as defined in the Indenture) or any combination thereof) pursuant
to the terms of the Indenture shall not constitute a Repayment Event.

15
Insert for Additional Call Option Confirmation.

16
Insert for Additional Call Option Confirmation.

25

(i) Amendments to Equity Definitions.

(i) Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words a
diluting or concentrative and replacing them with the words a material and adding the phrase or the Options,
as a result of a corporate event involving the Issuer; provided that such event is not based on (a) an observable market,
other than the market for Issuers own stock or (b) an observable index, other than an index calculated and measured solely
by reference to Issuers own operations at the end of the sentence.

(ii) Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing 10% with
25% in the third line thereof, by replacing all references to voting shares therein with Shares
and by adding , provided that in no event shall an Exempted Issuance be deemed a Tender Offer at the end thereof.

(iii) Section 12.6(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (1) inserting (1)
immediately following the word means in the first line thereof and (2) inserting immediately prior to the semi-colon
at the end of subsection (B) thereof the following words: or (2) the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(1) through
(9) of the ISDA Master Agreement with respect to that Issuer.

(iv) Section 12.9(b)(i) of
the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (1) replacing either party may elect with Dealer may elect
and (2) replacing notice to the other party with notice to Counterparty in the first sentence of such
section.

(j) No Netting or Set-off. The provisions of Section 2(c) of the Agreement shall not
apply to the Transaction. Each party waives any and all rights it may have to set-off delivery or payment obligations it owes to the other
party under the Transaction against any delivery or payment obligations owed to it by the other party under any other agreement between
the parties hereto, by operation of law or otherwise.

26

(k) Alternative Calculations and Payment on Early Termination and on Certain Extraordinary Events.
If (a) an Early Termination Date (whether as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event) occurs or is designated with
respect to the Transaction or (b) the Transaction is cancelled or terminated upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (except
as a result of (i) a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event in which the consideration to be paid to holders of Shares
consists solely of cash, (ii) an Announcement Event, Merger Event or Tender Offer that is within Counterpartys control, or
(iii) an Event of Default in which Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event in which Counterparty is the Affected
Party other than an Event of Default of the type described in Section 5(a)(iii), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) of the Agreement
or a Termination Event of the type described in Section 5(b) of the Agreement, in each case that resulted from an event or events
outside Counterpartys control), and if Dealer would owe any amount to Counterparty pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the
Agreement or any Cancellation Amount pursuant to Article 12 of the Equity Definitions (any such amount, a Payment Obligation),
then Dealer shall satisfy the Payment Obligation by the Share Termination Alternative (as defined below), unless (a) Counterparty
gives irrevocable telephonic notice to Dealer, confirmed in writing within one Scheduled Trading Day, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the date of the Announcement Event, Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, Announcement Date (in the case of a Nationalization, Insolvency
or Delisting), Early Termination Date or date of cancellation, as applicable, of its election that the Share Termination Alternative shall
not apply and (b) Counterparty remakes the representation set forth in Section 8(f) as of the date of such election.

Share Termination Alternative: If applicable, Dealer shall deliver
to Counterparty the Share Termination Delivery Property on, or within a commercially reasonable period of time after, the date when the
relevant Payment Obligation would otherwise be due pursuant to Section 12.7 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions or Section 6(d)(ii) and
6(e) of the Agreement, as applicable, in satisfaction of such Payment Obligation in the manner reasonably requested by Counterparty
free of payment.

Share Termination Delivery Property: A number of Share Termination
Delivery Units, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal to the Payment Obligation divided by the Share Termination Unit Price.
The Calculation Agent shall adjust the Share Termination Delivery Property by replacing any fractional portion of a security therein
with an amount of cash equal to the value of such fractional security based on the values used to calculate the Share Termination Unit
Price.

Share Termination Unit Price: The value to Dealer of property contained
in one Share Termination Delivery Unit, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion by commercially reasonable means and
notified by the Calculation Agent to Dealer at the time of notification of the Payment Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties
agree that in determining the Share Termination Delivery Unit Price the Calculation Agent may consider the purchase price paid in connection
with the purchase of Share Termination Delivery Property.

Share Termination Delivery Unit: One Share or, if the Shares have
changed into cash or any other property or the right to receive cash or any other property as the result of a Nationalization, Insolvency
or Merger Event (any such cash or other property, the Exchange Property), a unit consisting of the type and amount
of such Exchange Property received by a holder of one Share (without consideration of any requirement to pay cash or other consideration
in lieu of fractional amounts of any securities) in such Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event, as determined by the Calculation
Agent.

27

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Other applicable
provisions: If Share Termination Alternative is applicable, the provisions of Sections 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 (as modified above) of the
Equity Definitions and the provisions set forth opposite the caption Representation and Agreement in Section 2 will
be applicable, except that all references in such provisions to Physically-settled shall be read as references to Share
Termination Settled and all references to Shares shall be read as references to Share Termination Delivery
Units. Share Termination Settled in relation to the Transaction means that Share Termination Alternative is applicable
to the Transaction.

(l) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to the Transaction. Each party (i) certifies
that no representative, agent or attorney of either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in
the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other
party have been induced to enter into the Transaction, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications provided
herein.

(m) Registration. Counterparty hereby agrees that if, in the good faith reasonable judgment
of Dealer, based on the advice of counsel, the Shares (Hedge Shares) acquired by Dealer for the purpose of effecting
a commercially reasonable hedge of its obligations pursuant to the Transaction cannot be sold in the public market by Dealer without registration
under the Securities Act, Counterparty shall, at its election, either (i) in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a
registered offering, make available to Dealer an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and enter into an agreement,
in form and substance satisfactory to Dealer, substantially in the form of an underwriting agreement for a registered secondary offering
of similar size (provided, however, that if Dealer, in its sole reasonable discretion, is not satisfied with access to due diligence
materials, the results of its due diligence investigation, or the procedures and documentation for the registered offering referred to
above, then clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this paragraph shall apply at the election of Counterparty), (ii) in order to
allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a private placement, Counterparty will use its best efforts to enter into a private placement
agreement substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary for private placements of equity securities of similar
size, in form and substance satisfactory to Dealer (in which case, the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustments to the terms of the
Transaction that are necessary, in its reasonable judgment, to compensate Dealer for any commercially reasonable discount from the public
market price of the Shares incurred on the sale of Hedge Shares in a private placement of similar size), or (iii) purchase the Hedge
Shares from Dealer at the then-current market price on such Exchange Business Days, and in the amounts and at such time(s), requested
by Dealer.

(n) Tax Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transaction,
Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives, or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any
kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses)
that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

28

(o) Right to Extend. Dealer may postpone or add, in whole or in part, any Valid Day or Valid
Days during the Settlement Averaging Period or any other date of valuation, payment or delivery by Dealer, with respect to some or all
of the Options hereunder, if Dealer reasonably determines, in its discretion, based on the advice of counsel in the case of clause (ii) below,
that such action is reasonably necessary or appropriate (i) to preserve Dealers commercially reasonable hedging or hedge unwind
activity hereunder in light of existing liquidity conditions or (ii) to enable Dealer to effect purchases of Shares in connection
with its hedging, hedge unwind or settlement activity hereunder in a manner that would, if Dealer were Counterparty or an affiliated purchaser
of Counterparty, be in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with related policies and procedures
applicable to Dealer (provided that such policies and procedures have been adopted by Dealer in good faith and are generally applicable
in similar situations and applied in a non-discriminatory manner); provided that no such Valid Day or other date of valuation,
payment or delivery may be postponed or added more than 30 Valid Days after the original Valid Day or other date of valuation, payment
or delivery, as the case may be.

(p) Status of Claims in Bankruptcy. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that this Confirmation is
not intended to convey to Dealer rights against Counterparty with respect to the Transaction that are senior to the claims of Shareholders
of Counterparty in any United States bankruptcy proceedings of Counterparty; provided that nothing herein shall limit or shall
be deemed to limit Dealers right to pursue remedies in the event of a breach by Counterparty of its obligations and agreements
with respect to the Transaction; provided, further that nothing herein shall limit or shall be deemed to limit Dealers
rights in respect of any transactions other than the Transaction.

(q) Securities Contract; Swap Agreement. The parties hereto intend for (i) the Transaction
to be a securities contract and a swap agreement as defined in the Bankruptcy Code, and the parties hereto
to be entitled to the protections afforded by, among other Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 546(e), 546(g), 555 and 560 of the
Bankruptcy Code, (ii) a partys right to liquidate the Transaction and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of
any Event of Default under the Agreement with respect to the other party to constitute a contractual right as described
in the Bankruptcy Code, and (iii) each payment and delivery of cash, securities or other property hereunder to constitute a margin
payment or settlement payment and a transfer as defined in the Bankruptcy Code.

(r) Notice of Certain Other Events. Counterparty covenants and agrees that:

(i) promptly following the public announcement of the results of any election by the holders of Shares with
respect to the consideration due upon consummation of any Merger Event, Counterparty shall give Dealer written notice of the weighted
average of the types and amounts of consideration received by holders of Shares upon consummation of such Merger Event (the date of such
notification, the Consideration Notification Date); provided that in no event shall the Consideration Notification
Date be later than the date on which such Merger Event is consummated; and

(ii) (A) Counterparty shall
give Dealer commercially reasonable advance (but in any event at least one Exchange Business Day prior to the relevant Adjustment Notice
Deadline) written notice of the section or sections of the Indenture and, if applicable, the formula therein, pursuant to which any adjustment
will be made to the Convertible Notes in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event (other than a Potential Adjustment in respect
of the Dilution Adjustment Provisions set forth in Section 5.05(A)(ii) or Section 5.05(A)(iv) of the Indenture) or
Merger Event and (B) promptly following any such adjustment, Counterparty shall give Dealer written notice of the details of such
adjustment. The Adjustment Notice Deadline means (i) for any Potential Adjustment in respect of the Dilution
Adjustment Provision set forth in Section 5.05(A)(i) of the Indenture, the relevant Ex-Dividend Date (as such
term is defined in the Indenture) or effective date (as such term is used in such Section of the Indenture), as the
case may be, (ii) for any Potential Adjustment in respect of the Dilution Adjustment Provision in Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) of
the Indenture, the first Trading Day (as such term is defined in the Indenture) of the period referred to in the definition
of SP in the formula in such Section, (iii) for any Potential Adjustment in respect of the Dilution Adjustment Provision
in Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2) of the Indenture, the first Trading Day (as such term is defined in the Indenture)
of the Spin-Off Valuation Period (as such term is defined in the Indenture), (iv) for any Potential Adjustment in respect
of the Dilution Adjustment Provision set forth in Section 5.05(A)(v) of the Indenture, the first Trading Day (as
such term is defined in the Indenture) of the period referred to in the definition of SP in the formula in such Section,
and (v) for any Merger Event, the effective date of such Merger Event (or, if earlier, the first day of any valuation or similar
period in respect of such Merger Event).

29

(s) Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act. In connection with Section 739 of
the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (WSTAA), the parties hereby agree that neither the enactment
of WSTAA or any regulation under the WSTAA, nor any requirement under WSTAA or an amendment made by WSTAA, shall limit or otherwise impair
either partys otherwise applicable rights to terminate, renegotiate, modify, amend or supplement this Confirmation or the Agreement,
as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased costs, regulatory change or similar event under
this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions incorporated herein, or the Agreement (including, but not limited to, rights arising from Change
in Law, Hedging Disruption, an Excess Ownership Position, or Illegality (as defined in the Agreement)).

(t) Agreements and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging. Counterparty understands, acknowledges
and agrees that: (A) at any time on and prior to the Expiration Date, Dealer and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities
or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to adjust its hedge position with
respect to the Transaction; (B) Dealer and its affiliates also may be active in the market for Shares other than in connection with
hedging activities in relation to the Transaction; (C) Dealer shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner
any hedging or market activities in securities of Issuer shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge
its price and market risk with respect to the Relevant Prices; and (D) any market activities of Dealer and its affiliates with respect
to Shares may affect the market price and volatility of Shares, as well as the Relevant Prices, each in a manner that may be adverse to
Counterparty.

(u) Early Unwind. In the event the sale of the [Initial Securities][Option
Securities] (as defined in the Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) dated as of April 2, 2025,
among Counterparty and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., as representatives of the Initial Purchasers party
thereto (the Initial Purchasers)) is not consummated with the Initial Purchasers for any reason, or Counterparty
fails to deliver to Dealer opinions of counsel as required pursuant to Section 9(a), in each case by 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the Premium Payment Date, or such later date as agreed upon by the parties (the Premium Payment Date or such later date
the Early Unwind Date), the Transaction shall automatically terminate (the Early Unwind), on
the Early Unwind Date and (i) the Transaction and all of the respective rights and obligations of Dealer and Counterparty under the
Transaction shall be cancelled and terminated and (ii) each party shall be released and discharged by the other party from and agrees
not to make any claim against the other party with respect to any obligations or liabilities of the other party arising out of and to
be performed in connection with the Transaction either prior to or after the Early Unwind Date. Each of Dealer and Counterparty represents
and acknowledges to the other that, upon an Early Unwind, all obligations with respect to the Transaction shall be deemed fully and finally
discharged.

(v) Payment by Counterparty. In the event that, following payment of the Premium, (i) an
Early Termination Date occurs or is designated with respect to the Transaction as a result of a Termination Event or an Event of Default
(other than an Event of Default arising under Section 5(a)(ii) or 5(a)(iv) of the Agreement) and, as a result, Counterparty
owes to Dealer an amount calculated under Section 6(e) of the Agreement, or (ii) Counterparty owes to Dealer, pursuant
to Section 12.7 or Section 12.9 of the Equity Definitions, an amount calculated under Section 12.8 of the Equity Definitions,
such amount shall be deemed to be zero.

30

(w) Other Adjustments Pursuant
to the Equity Definitions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, solely for the purpose of adjusting
the Cap Price pursuant to this Section 9(w), the terms Merger Event, Tender Offer and Potential
Adjustment Event shall each have the meanings assigned to such term in the Equity Definitions (in the case of the definition of
Tender Offer, as amended by Section 9(i)(ii) above, and in the case of the definition of Potential Adjustment
Event, as amended by Section 9(i)(i) above), and upon the occurrence of a Merger Date, the occurrence of a Tender Offer
Date, or declaration by Counterparty of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, respectively, as such terms are defined in the Equity
Definitions, the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such occurrence or declaration, as applicable, has had a material economic
effect on the Transaction and, if so, shall, adjust the Cap Price to preserve the fair value of the Options; provided that (x) solely
in the case of a Potential Adjustment Event pursuant Section 11.2(e)(i), (ii)(A) or (iv), no adjustments will be made to account
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares, (y) the parties
agree that Exempted Repurchases, Exempted Issuances and Forward Events shall not be considered Potential Adjustment Events and (z) in
no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike Price. Exempted Repurchase means any (1) open market Share
repurchase at prevailing market prices (including, without limitation, any discount to average VWAP prices) or (2) Share repurchase
through a dealer pursuant to accelerated share repurchases, forward contracts or similar transactions that is entered into at prevailing
market prices (including, without limitation, any discount to average VWAP prices) and in accordance with customary market terms for transactions
of such type to repurchase the Shares, so long as such repurchase or transaction would not reduce the number of total Shares outstanding
to be less than []17 Shares,
as determined by Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to account for any subdivision
or combination with respect to the Shares. Exempted Issuance means the issuance by the Issuer of any of its equity
to one or more Permitted Parties (as defined under the Indenture); provided that any portion of the issuance that is not to a Permitted
Party will not be an Exempted Issuance. Forward Event means the entry into, performance under or settlement or unwind
of any forward transaction entered into, on or about the date hereof, by any Permitted Party with respect to the Shares.

(x) Tax Matters.

(i) Withholding Tax Imposed on Payments to Non-U.S. Counterparties under the United States Foreign Account
Tax Compliance Provisions of the HIRE Act. Indemnifiable Tax, as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement,
shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current
or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code,
or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a FATCA Withholding Tax). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA
Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of
the Agreement.

(ii) Section 871(m). Indemnifiable Tax, as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement,
shall not include any tax imposed on payments treated as dividends from sources within the United States under Section 871(m) of
the Code or any regulations issued thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, any such tax imposed under Section 871(m) of the
Revenue Code is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of
the Agreement.

(iii) Tax Documentation. For the purposes of Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii) of the Agreement,
Dealer shall provide to Counterparty a valid U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form [W-9]18, or any successor thereto, and
Counterparty shall provide to Dealer a valid U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or any successor thereto, (i) on or before
the date of execution of this Confirmation, (ii) promptly upon learning that any such tax form previously provided by it has become
obsolete or incorrect and (iii) promptly upon reasonable request of the other party. Additionally, each party shall, promptly upon
request by the other party, provide such other tax forms and documents reasonably requested by the other party.

17
Insert number of Shares equal to 80% of total Shares outstanding as of the Trade Date for the Base Capped Call Confirmation.

18
To be modified for Dealers as appropriate.

31

(iv) Payor Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of the Agreement, each party
makes the following representation: It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental
revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other
than interest under Section 9(h) of the Agreement or amounts payable hereunder that are considered to be interest for U.S. federal
income tax purposes) to be made by it to the other party under the Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the
accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 9(x)(v) of this Confirmation, (ii) the satisfaction
of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document
provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement, (iii) the satisfaction of the
agreement of the other party contained in the last sentence of Section 9(x)(v) of this Confirmation and (iv) the documentation
provided by the other party pursuant to Section 9(x)(iii) of this Confirmation, except that it will not be a breach of this
representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) of
the Agreement by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.

(v) Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of the Agreement, the parties
make the representations below:

(A) Counterparty is a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is organized under the laws of Delaware. Counterparty is a U.S. person as that
term is used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) and an exempt recipient as that term is used in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.6049-4(c)(l)(ii).

(B) [Dealer is a corporation for
U.S. federal income tax purposes and is organized under the laws of [the United States]. Dealer is a U.S. person as that
term is used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) and an exempt recipient as that term is used in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.6049-4(c)(l)(ii).]19

In the event that either party becomes
aware that a representation made under this Section 9(x)(v) would not be accurate and complete if made at that time, it shall
so notify the other party promptly thereafter.

(y) Counterparts. This Confirmation may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page by
facsimile or electronic transmission (e.g. pdf or tif), or any electronic signature complying with the U.S.
federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com, shall be effective as
delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.

(z) [Conduct Rules. Each of Dealer and Counterparty acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the
Conduct Rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. applicable to transactions in options, and further agrees
not to violate the position and exercise limits set forth therein.

(aa) Risk Disclosure Statement. Counterparty represents and warrants that it has received, read
and understands the OTC Options Risk Disclosure Statement and a copy of the most recent disclosure pamphlet prepared by The Options Clearing
Corporation entitled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options.]20

19
To be modified for Dealers as appropriate.

20
Insert if applicable.

32

(bb) [U.S. Resolution Stay
Protocol. The parties acknowledge and agree that (i) to the extent that prior to the date hereof both parties have
adhered to the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol (the Protocol), the terms of the Protocol are incorporated
into and form a part of the Agreement, and for such purposes the Agreement shall be deemed a Protocol Covered Agreement, Dealer shall
be deemed a Regulated Entity and Counterparty shall be deemed an Adhering Party; (ii) to the extent that prior to the date hereof
the parties have executed a separate agreement the effect of which is to amend the qualified financial contracts between them to conform
with the requirements of the QFC Stay Rules (the Bilateral Agreement), the terms of the Bilateral Agreement
are incorporated into and form a part of the Agreement, and for such purposes the Agreement shall be deemed a Covered Agreement, Dealer
shall be deemed a Covered Entity and Counterparty shall be deemed a Counterparty Entity; or (iii) if clause (i) and clause (ii) do
not apply, the terms of Section 1 and Section 2 and the related defined terms (together, the Bilateral Terms)
of the form of bilateral template entitled Full-Length Omnibus (for use between U.S. G-SIBs and Corporate Groups) published
by ISDA on November 2, 2018 (currently available on the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol page at www.isda.org and, a
copy of which is available upon request), the effect of which is to amend the qualified financial contracts between the parties thereto
to conform with the requirements of the QFC Stay Rules, are hereby incorporated into and form a part of the Agreement, and for such purposes
the Agreement shall be deemed a Covered Agreement, Dealer shall be deemed a Covered Entity and Counterparty
shall be deemed a Counterparty Entity. In the event that, after the date of the Agreement, both parties hereto become adhering
parties to the Protocol, the terms of the Protocol will replace the terms of this paragraph. In the event of any inconsistencies between
the Agreement and the terms of the Protocol, the Bilateral Agreement or the Bilateral Terms (each, the QFC Stay Terms),
as applicable, the QFC Stay Terms will govern. Terms used in this paragraph without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them
under the QFC Stay Rules. For purposes of this paragraph, references to the Agreement include any related credit enhancements
entered into between the parties or provided by one to the other. In addition, the parties agree that the terms of this paragraph shall
be incorporated into any related covered affiliate credit enhancements, with all references to Dealer replaced by references to the covered
affiliate support provider. QFC Stay Rules means the regulations codified at 12 C.F.R. 252.2, 252.818, 12
C.F.R. 382.1-7 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1-8, which, subject to limited exceptions, require an express recognition of the stay-and-transfer powers
of the FDIC under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the override of default rights related directly or indirectly to the entry of an affiliate into
certain insolvency proceedings and any restrictions on the transfer of any covered affiliate credit enhancements.]21

(cc) [Insert Other Regulatory Boilerplate]

21
Update as necessary.

33

Please confirm that the foregoing
correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing this Confirmation and returning it to Dealer.

Very truly yours,

[Dealer] 

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Name:

Accepted and confirmed

as of the Trade Date:

Lucid Group, Inc. 

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Name: 

[Signature Page to [Base][Additional]
Capped Call Confirmation]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511638d2_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Lucid Group, Inc. Prices $1,000,000,000
Convertible Senior Notes Offering

NEWARK, CALIFORNIA (PRNewswire) April 2,
2025 Lucid Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: LCID) today announced the pricing of its offering of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of 5.00% convertible senior notes due 2030 in a private offering to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant
to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The issuance and sale of the notes are scheduled to settle on or about
April 8, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Lucid also granted the initial purchasers of the notes
an option, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the notes are first issued, to purchase up to an additional
$100,000,000 principal amount of notes.

The Notes

The notes will be senior, unsecured obligations
of Lucid and will accrue interest at a rate of 5.00% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of
each year, beginning on October 1, 2025. The notes will mature on April 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted.
Before January 1, 2030, noteholders will have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events and during
specified periods. From and after January 1, 2030, noteholders may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close
of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. Lucid will settle conversions of notes by paying
or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, at Lucids election. The
initial conversion rate is 333.3333 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents an initial conversion
price of approximately $3.00 per share of common stock. The initial conversion price represents a premium of approximately 25.0% over
the last reported sale price on The Nasdaq Global Select Market of $2.40 per share of Lucids common stock on April 2, 2025.
The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. If a make-whole fundamental
change (as defined in the indenture for the notes) occurs, Lucid will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for
a specified time for holders who convert their notes in connection with that make-whole fundamental change.

The notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part
(subject to certain limitations), for cash at Lucids option at any time, and from time to time, on or after April 6, 2028
and on or before the 31st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per share
of Lucids common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price for a specified period of time and certain liquidity conditions are
satisfied. The redemption price will be equal to the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If Lucid calls any or all notes for redemption, holders of notes called for redemption may
convert their notes during the related redemption conversion period, and any such conversion will also constitute a make-whole
fundamental change with respect to the notes so converted.

If a fundamental change (as defined
in the indenture for the notes) occurs, then, subject to limited exceptions, holders may require Lucid to repurchase their notes for cash.
The repurchase price will be equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to,
but excluding, the applicable repurchase date.

Lucid estimates that the net proceeds from the
offering will be approximately $983.6 million (or approximately $1,082.2 million if the initial purchasers fully exercise their option
to purchase additional notes), after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
Together with cash on hand, Lucid intends to use approximately $935.6 million of the net proceeds from the offering to fund repurchases
of approximately $1,052.5 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 and $107.5 million
of the net proceeds to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described below.

Capped Call Transactions

In connection with the pricing of the notes, Lucid
has entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain of the initial purchasers of the notes or their respective
affiliates and certain other financial institutions. The capped call transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially
similar to those applicable to the notes, the number of shares of Lucids common stock that initially underlie the notes. The cap
price of the capped call transactions is initially $4.80 per share of Lucids common stock, representing a premium of 100.0% above
the last reported sale price of $2.40 per share of Lucids common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on April 2, 2025,
and is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions. The capped call transactions are
expected generally to reduce potential dilution to Lucids common stock upon conversion of the notes and/or offset any cash payments
that Lucid could be required to make in excess of the principal amount of any converted notes upon conversion thereof, as the case may
be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. If the initial purchasers exercise their option to purchase additional notes,
Lucid expects to enter into additional capped call transactions with the capped call counterparties.

Repurchases of Outstanding 2026 Notes

Concurrently with the pricing of the notes, Lucid
entered into one or more separate and individually negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 notes to repurchase for cash
a portion of the 2026 notes on terms negotiated with each such holder.

Ayar Prepaid Forward Transaction

In connection with the pricing of the notes, Ayar
Third Investment Company (Ayar), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia, entered into a
privately negotiated prepaid forward transaction with a forward counterparty that is an affiliate of one of the initial purchasers, pursuant
to which Ayar will purchase approximately $430.0 million of Lucids common stock (based on the last reported sale price on The Nasdaq
Global Select Market of $2.40 per share of Lucids common stock on April 2, 2025) with delivery expected to occur on or about
the maturity date for the notes, subject to the ability of the forward counterparty to elect to settle all or a portion of the prepaid
forward transaction early. Subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement governing the prepaid forward transaction, the prepaid
forward transaction will be settled physically, subject to Ayars option to elect cash settlement of the prepaid forward transaction.
Lucid will not be a party to the prepaid forward transaction.

The prepaid forward transaction is generally intended
to facilitate privately negotiated derivative transactions, including swaps, between the forward counterparty or its affiliates and investors
in the notes relating to Lucids common stock by which investors in the notes will hedge their investments in the notes. Ayars
entry into the prepaid forward transaction with the forward counterparty and the entry by the forward counterparty into derivative transactions
in respect of Lucids common stock with the investors of the notes could have the effect of increasing (or reducing the size of
any decrease in) the market price of Lucids common stock concurrently with, or shortly after, the pricing of the notes and effectively
raising the initial conversion price of the notes.

Additional information about the transactions
described in this press release can be found in the Current Report on Form 8-K that Lucid intends to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on or about April 8, 2025.

The offer and sale of the notes and any shares
of Lucids common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act
or any other securities laws, and the notes and any such shares cannot be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. This press
release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the notes or any shares of Lucids common
stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, nor will there be any sale of the notes or any such shares, in any state or other jurisdiction
in which such offer, sale or solicitation would be unlawful.

About Lucid Group

Lucid (NASDAQ: LCID) is a Silicon Valley-based
technology company focused on creating the most advanced EVs in the world. The award-winning Lucid Air and new Lucid Gravity deliver best-in-class
performance, sophisticated design, expansive interior space and unrivaled energy efficiency. Lucid assembles both vehicles in its state-of-the-art,
vertically integrated factory in Arizona. Through its industry-leading technology and innovations, Lucid is advancing the state-of-the-art
of EV technology for the benefit of all.

2

Investor Relations Contact

investor@lucidmotors.com

Media Contact

media@lucidmotors.com

Forward-Looking Statements

This communication includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as estimate, plan, project,
forecast, intend, will, shall, expect, anticipate,
believe, seek, target, continue, could, may, might,
possible, potential, predict or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events
or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding the completion of the offering, the expected amount and intended use of the net proceeds and the anticipated effects of entering
into the capped call transactions. Actual events and circumstances may differ from these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Among those risks and uncertainties are market conditions, the satisfaction
of the closing conditions related to the offering and risks relating to Lucids business, including those factors discussed under
the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of Lucids Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024, as well as in other documents Lucid has filed or will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If any
of these risks materialize or Lucids assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied
by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that Lucid currently does not know or that Lucid currently believes
are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Lucid may not consummate
the offering described in this press release and, if the offering is consummated, cannot provide any assurances regarding its ability
to effectively apply the net proceeds as described above. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Lucids expectations,
plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this communication. Lucid anticipates that subsequent events and developments
will cause Lucids assessments to change. However, while Lucid may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point
in the future, Lucid specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking
statements.

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lcid-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lcid-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lcid-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2511638d1_ex4-1sp2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2511638d1_ex4-1sp2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2511638d1_ex4-1sp2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm2511638d1_ex4-1sp2img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm2511638d1_ex4-1sp2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm2511638d1_ex4-1sp2img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39408

Entity Registrant Name Lucid
Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001811210

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-0891392

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7373
Gateway Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Newark

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94560

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 648-3553

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol LCID

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://lucidmotors.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lcid-20250402.xsd 
lcid-20250402_lab.xml 
lcid-20250402_pre.xml 
tm2511638d2_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-033017-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm2511638d2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001811210 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001811210 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
Lucid Group, Inc. 
DE 
001-39408 
85-0891392 
7373 Gateway Boulevard 
Newark 
CA 
94560 
510 
648-3553 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
LCID 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>