<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005043.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005043.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205170243
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BriaCell Therapeutics Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001610820
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40101
		FILM NUMBER:		25594217

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3RD FLOOR, BELLEVUE CENTRE, 235-15TH STR
		CITY:			WEST VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V7T 2X1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 921-1810

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3RD FLOOR, BELLEVUE CENTRE, 235-15TH STR
		CITY:			WEST VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V7T 2X1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ansell Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140613
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001610820A100016108202025-02-032025-02-030001610820BCTX:CommonSharesNoParValueMember2025-02-032025-02-030001610820BCTX:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonSharesNoParValueMember2025-02-032025-02-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 3, 2025

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British
Columbia 47-1099599

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

Suite
300 - 235 15th Street

West
Vancouver, BC V7T2X1 V7T
2X1

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(604)921-1810

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Commission
File No. 001-40101

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Shares, no par value BCTX The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants
to purchase common shares, no par value BCTXW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 3, 2025, BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. (the Company) entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Agreement)
with ThinkEquity LLC (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to investors,
in a best efforts offering (the Offering), an aggregate of 762,500 common shares of the Companyat an offering price of
$4.00 per common share.

The
Offering closed on February 5, 2025. The Company received gross proceeds of $3.05 million
in connection with the Offering, before deducting Placement Agent fees and other Offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital requirements, general corporate purposes, and the advancement of
business objectives.

The
762,500 common shares sold in the Offering were offered and sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276650),
which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on January 22, 2024, and was declared effective
by the Commission on January 31, 2024. A preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the Offering have
been filed with the Commission.

As
part of its compensation for acting as Placement Agent for the Offering, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 7.5% of the
aggregate gross proceeds and also issued to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase 38,125 common shares (the Placement Agent
Warrants). The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable upon issuance, expire five years from the date of the Agreement, and have
an exercise price of $5.00 per common share. The Placement Agent Warrants, and the common shares
issuable upon exercise thereof, were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, for transactions not involving a public offering.

The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Agreement.
In addition, such representations, warranties and covenants (i) are intended as a way of allocating the risk between the parties to the
Agreement and not as statements of fact, and (ii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed
as material by stockholders of, or other investors in, the Company. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations
and warranties may change after the date of the Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be
any sale of securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Placement Agent Warrants and Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by references
to the full text of the form of Placement Agent Warrant and Agreement which are filed as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 10.1, respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

The
Canadian legal opinion, including the related consent, of Bennett Jones LLP relating to the issuance and sale of the common shares is
filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Placement Agent
Warrants and the shares issuable thereunder are hereby incorporated by reference.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
February 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company had commenced the Offering.

On
February 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering.

On
February 5, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering.

Copies
of the press releases are attached as Exhibits 99.1, 99.2, and 99.3 respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

5.1 Opinion of Bennett Jones LLP

10.1 Placement Agency Agreement

23.1 Consent of Bennett Jones LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press Release, dated February 3, 2025

99.2 Pricing Press Release dated February 3, 2025

99.3 Closing Press Release dated February 5, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

/s/
William V. Williams

February
5, 2025 William
V. Williams

President
and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Form
of Placement Agents Warrant Agreement

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON SHARES

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

Warrant
Shares: _______

Initial
Exercise Date: February 5, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON SHARES (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after February 5, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule
5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Effective Date (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from BriaCell Therapeutics Corp., a British Columbia corporation (the
Company), up to _______ Common Shares, without par value per share, of the Company (the Warrant Shares),
as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as
defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Shares means the common shares of the Company, no par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Effective
Date means February 3, 2025.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price by total trading volume of the Common Shares for such date (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price by total trading volume of a Common Share for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB
or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common
Shares are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of the Common Shares as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise
Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate
by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed
facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of
exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c)
below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within one (1) Business Days of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be US$5.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

3

c) Cashless
Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers check,
at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)]
by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP for the five Trading Days immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within
two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date
of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

4

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its transfer
agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as
defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of
the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to
deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including
with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide
a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless
exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be
deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder
of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise
Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior
to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each US$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common
Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), US$10 per Trading Day (increasing to US$20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading
Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the fifth Trading Day following such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

5

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date (for avoidance of doubt, other than any such failure that is due solely to any action or inaction
by the Holder), then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall
be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return
to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to
acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored
right).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise)
or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant
Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash
to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for
the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required
to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant
Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number
of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For
example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase price of US$11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of US$10,000, under clause (A) of the
immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder US$1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in
equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure
to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to exercise
this Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Warrant. No additional legal
opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises
of this Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth
herein.

7

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and
its Affiliates shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is
exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm
the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected
in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the
number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally
and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or
its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

8

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock or share split) outstanding Common Shares
into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then
in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the
purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof,
as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce
any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, at an effective
price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) [RESERVED]

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, subject to the prior approval of the TSX (as long
as the Common Shares are listed for trading on the TSX), if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Share Equivalents
or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Shares (the
Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or
sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other than
cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of
capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a
dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall
be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such
Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger, amalgamation, arrangement or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Shares,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged
for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Common Shares of the
successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation or is otherwise the continuing corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Shares as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction for each Common Share for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following
such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the
survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the
Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to
such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number
of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Shares, any consolidation, merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address
as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date
hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities,
cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share
exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action
required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of
such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto
duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall
issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three
(3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly
assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Warrant, so long as the Common Shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the
TSX), this Warrant may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities, to any person
other than an affiliate or employee (or an affiliate of such employee) of ThinkEquity LLC within the meaning of the policies of the TSX.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

12

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Registration Rights.

5.1.Demand Registration.

5.1.1 Grant
of Right. If at any time on or after the Initial Exercise Date, there is no effective registration statement registering, or the
prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder or if the resale of the Warrant Shares
cannot be made pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act (including under Rule 144 in connection with a cashless
exercise and without any volume or other limitations), the Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the
Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or the underlying Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register,
on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities).
On such occasion, the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty
(60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective
promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to
comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback
registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such
registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company,
until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until sixty (60) days after such offering is consummated.
The demand for registration may be made at any time beginning on the Initial Exercise Date and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the
Effective Date. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other
registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand
Notice.

13

5.1.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested
by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State
in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit
to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under
Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable
Securities covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only
use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately
cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due
to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand
registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary
of the date of the Placement Agency Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(B).

5.2Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1 Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for a
period of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable
Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated
by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely
in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall,
in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement because,
in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution,
then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities
with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable
Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable
Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless
the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such
Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

14

5.2.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date
of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed
by the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date.

5.3General Terms

5.3.1 Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a) of the Exchange
Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as
the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Placement Agent contained in Section 5.1 of the Placement Agency
Agreement between the Placement Agent and the Company, dated as of February 3, 2025. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be
sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company,
against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred
in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing,
for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions, if any, contained
in the Placement Agency Agreement pursuant to which the Placement Agent has agreed to indemnify the Company.

15

5.3.2 Exercise
of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants prior to
or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3 Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each underwriter
of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel to the Company,
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, an opinion
dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter dated the
effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter dated the
date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has issued a
report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially the same
matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder
and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the
registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation
shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and
independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

5.3.4 Placement
Agency Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any
Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such
managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating
to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties
and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such
Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except
as they may relate to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

16

5.3.5 Documents
to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company
a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6 Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the
Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach
of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity
of posting bond or other security.

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of
loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

17

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares
a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its notice of articles or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of
this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor
upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the placement agency agreement, dated February 3, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC (the Placement
Agency Agreement).

18

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, or otherwise able to be
resold or transferred without restriction pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. Any certificates representing,
or book entry for, such restricted Warrant Shares shall contain a legend to the following effect: The securities represented by
this certificate have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or applicable state law.
Neither the securities nor any interest therein may be offered for sale, sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Act, or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act and applicable state law which, in
the opinion of counsel to the Company, is available.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Placement Agency Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Placement Agency Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

19

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

20

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

BRIACELL THERAPEUTICS CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

21

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO: briacell therapeutics corp.

_________________________

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase _____Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ 
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ 
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please register and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _______________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________

Date:
______________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated:
______________, _______

Holders
Signature: ___________________________

Holders
Address: ____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper
evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

February
5, 2025

BriaCell
Therapeutics Corp.

235
15th Street, Suite 300

West
Vancouver, BC, V7T 2X1

Re: BriaCell
Therapeutics Corp. - 

Best
Efforts Offering of Common Shares 

We
have acted as Canadian counsel to BriaCell Therapeutics Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of British Columbia
(the Company), in connection with the sale of 762,500 common shares (the Common Shares) in
the capital of the Company (the Offering).

We
understand that the Offering was made in the United States pursuant to the prospectus supplement, dated February 3, 2025 (the Prospectus),
to the prospectus included as part of a registration statement (the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 (No. 333-276650),
filed on January 22, 2024 by the Company and declared effective on January 31, 2024 by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Common Shares were sold and issued in accordance
with the terms of a placement agency agreement dated February 3, 2025 (the Agency Agreement) between ThinkEquity
LLC (the Placement Agent) and the Company.

We
are solicitors qualified to practice law in the provinces of Ontario, Alberta, and British Columbia and we express no opinion as to the
laws of any jurisdiction, or as to any matters governed by the laws of any jurisdiction, other than the laws of the provinces of Ontario,
Alberta, and British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing and our opinions set forth below,
we express no opinion with respect to the compliance or non-compliance with applicable privacy laws in connection with the issuance and
sale of the Common Shares.

As
counsel for the Company, we have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents,
corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of rendering this
opinion and we are familiar with the proceedings taken and proposed to be taken by the Corporation in connection with the authorization,
issuance and sale of the Common Shares. In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures; the legal capacity of
all signatories; the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity with the originals of all documents
submitted to us as copies; and the truthfulness and accuracy of the corporate records of the Company and of all certificates of public
officials and officers of the Company, not being aware of any reason why the addressees of this opinion would not be entitled to rely
on any of the certificates upon which we are relying in rendering this opinion.

Our
opinion is expressed with respect to the laws of the provinces of Ontario, Alberta, and British Columbia in effect on the date of this
opinion. We have no responsibility or obligation to: (i) update this opinion; (ii) take into account or inform the addressees or any
other person of any changes in law, facts or other developments subsequent to this date that do or may affect the opinion we express;
or (iii) advise the addressee or any other person of any other change in any matter addressed in this opinion. Nor do we have any responsibility
or obligation to consider the applicability or correctness of this opinion to any person other than the addressee.

February 5, 2024

Page 2

Where
our opinion expressed herein refers to Common Shares having been issued as being fully-paid and non-assessable, such opinion
assumes that all required consideration (in whatever form) has been paid or provided. No opinion is expressed as to the adequacy of any
consideration received.

Based
upon the foregoing, and subject to the foregoing qualifications, assumptions, and limitations and the further limitations set forth below,
we are of the opinion that:

1. The
Common Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Agency Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable common shares in the capital of the Company.

This
opinion relates exclusively to the transaction outlined above and is for the sole use and benefit of the persons to whom it is addressed.
Accordingly, this opinion or any copy hereof, may not be delivered to, or relied upon, by any other person or used in connection with
any other transaction without our prior written consent. This opinion is limited to the matters stated herein, and no opinion or belief
is implied or may be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated herein.

We
consent to the use of this opinion as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company with the SEC on February
5, 2025, and its incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under
the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category
of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.

Yours
truly,

/s/
Bennett Jones LLP

Bennett
Jones LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10-1

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

between

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

and

THINKEQUITY
LLC

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

New
York, New York

February
3, 2025

ThinkEquity
LLC

17
State Street, 41st Fl

New
York, NY 10004

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
Placement Agency Agreement (the Agreement) sets forth the terms upon which ThinkEquity LLC (ThinkEquity
or the Placement Agent) shall be engaged by BriaCell Therapeutics Corp., a corporation formed under the laws of
the Province of British Columbia (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation, all entities disclosed
or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries or affiliates of BriaCell Therapeutics Corp.,
the Company), to act as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering (hereinafter referred to as
the Offering) of up to 762,500 common shares (the Shares) of the Company, with no par value
per common share (the Common Shares) directly to various investors (each, an Investor and,
collectively, the Investors). The purchase price to the Investors for each Share is $4.00 (the Share Offering
Price). The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in
connection with the Offering.

1.
Agreement to Act as Placement Agent Closing Placement Agent Compensation.

1.1
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent, the Placement Agent is appointed as the Companys exclusive placement
agent subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. On the basis of such representations and warranties and subject to such terms
and conditions, the Placement Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the services hereunder diligently and in good
faith and in a professional and businesslike manner and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in finding subscribers
of the Shares and to complete the Offering. The Placement Agent has no obligation to purchase any of the Shares. Unless sooner terminated
in accordance with this Agreement, the engagement of the Placement Agent hereunder shall continue until the later of the Termination
Date or the Closing. The Offering will be made on a reasonable best efforts basis. The Placement Agent may retain other
brokers or dealers to act as sub- placement agents on its behalf in connection with the Offering, with any fees they may be entitled
to being paid out of the fee paid to such Placement Agent pursuant to Section 1.5.

1.2
Payment of the aggregate purchase price paid by any and all Investors less the Cash Fee, and the other accountable expenses payable in
accordance with Section 3.10 of this Agreement (the Purchase Price) for, and delivery of, the Shares (the Closing)
shall be made at the offices of Cozen OConnor LLP (Placement Agent Counsel), Bentall 5, 550 Burrard Street,
Suite 2501, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6C 2B5, Canada, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the
Company, at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on February 5, 2025 (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called Closing
Date). The term Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which
banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

1.3
On the Closing Date, (i) the Purchase Price will be released to the Company either (a) by the Placement Agent on behalf of each Investor
for the Shares to be issued and sold to such Investor at the Closing, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with
the flow of funds letter regarding the Closing, or (b) by the Investor wiring the Purchase Price to the Company by wire transfer to an
account designated in writing by the Company, and (ii) the Company shall (A) cause its transfer agent (together with any subsequent transfer
agent, the Transfer Agent) through the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer
Program, to credit such aggregate number of Shares that each Investor is purchasing as set forth in the flow of funds letter regarding
the Closing to either (a) the Placement Agents balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system, or
(b) directly to the account of each Investor or its respective nominee(s), at the designated account with DTC as provided on the flow
of funds letter (if applicable). All actions taken at the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously on the Closing Date.
Any Securities for which payment has not been received by the Company, to the extent they have been delivered to the Placement Agent
or any such Investor, shall be returned to the Company.

1.4
No Securities which the Company has agreed to sell pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been purchased and paid for, or
issued and sold by the Company, until the appropriate corresponding number of Securities shall have been delivered to the Investors or
the Placement Agent against payment therefor. If the Company shall default in its obligations to deliver the Shares to the Investors
or the Placement Agent on behalf of such Investors as per such instructions, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Placement Agent
harmless against any loss, claim, damage or liability directly or indirectly arising from or as a result of such default by the Company.

1.5
As compensation for services rendered, on the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the following:

1.5.1.
A cash fee (the Cash Fee) equal to 7.5% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the Investors and 3.75% of the aggregate
purchase price paid by the purchasers set forth in Schedule 4 (the Company Investors) in respect of the Shares purchased
at the Closing, which fees shall be deducted from the Purchase Price payable at Closing.

1.5.2.
[RESERVED].

1.5.3.
A warrant to the Placement Agent and/or its designees (Placement Agents Warrant) for the purchase of 38,
125 Common Shares, representing 5% of the Shares purchased at the Closing, for an aggregate purchase price of $100.00. The Placement
Agents Warrant agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement),
shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, immediately following issuance and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the date hereof
at an initial exercise price per Common Share of $5.00, which is equal to 125% of the Share Offering Price. The Placement Agents
Warrant Agreement and the Common Shares issuable upon exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Placement
Agents Securities.

1.6
The Company hereby acknowledges that (i) the Offering, including the determination of the offering price of the Shares and any related
discounts, commissions and fees, shall be an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Investors, (ii) the
Placement Agent will be acting as an independent contractor and will not be the agent or fiduciary of the Company or its shareholders,
creditors, employees, the Investors, the Other Investors or any other party, (iii) the Placement Agent shall not assume an advisory or
fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company (irrespective of whether the Placement Agent has advised or is currently advising the
Company on other matters) and the Placement Agent shall not have any obligation to the Company with respect to the Offering, except as
may be set forth expressly herein, (iv) the Placement Agent and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve
interests that differ from those of the Company and (v) the Placement Agent will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax
advice with respect to the Offering, and the Company shall consult its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent
it deems appropriate.

3

1.7
The Company is and will be solely responsible for the contents of any and all written or oral communications provided to the Investors
regarding the Offering or the Shares and the Company recognizes that the Placement Agent, in acting pursuant to this Agreement,
will be using information provided by the Company and its agents and the Placement Agent assumes no responsibility for, and may rely,
without independent verification, on the accuracy and completeness of any such information.

1.8
The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement is for the confidential
use of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) only and the Company will not, and will not permit any
third party to, disclose or otherwise refer to such advice or information, in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written
consent.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent as of the Applicable
Time (as defined below), as of the Closing, as follows:

2.1
Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1.
Pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333- 276650), including any related prospectus or prospectuses, for
the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which registration
statement was prepared by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules
and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations) and contains and will
contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations.
Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement on file with the Commission at any given time, including any
amendments thereto to such time, exhibits and schedules thereto at such time, documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated pursuant
to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act at such time and the documents and information otherwise deemed to be a part thereof
or included therein pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430B Information) or otherwise
pursuant to the Securities Act Regulations at such time, is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. The
Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is referred to herein as the Initial Registration Statement.
If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the
term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement
was declared effective by the Commission on January 31, 2024.

The
prospectus in the form in which it was filed with the Commission in connection with the Initial Registration Statement is herein called
the Base Prospectus. Each preliminary prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus (including the Base Prospectus
as so supplemented) that described the Shares and the Offering and omitted the Rule 430B Information and that was used prior to the filing
of the final prospectus supplement referred to in the following paragraph is herein called the Preliminary Prospectus.

Promptly
after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission a final prospectus supplement
to the Base Prospectus relating to the Shares and the Offering in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) of the
Securities Act Regulations. Such final prospectus supplement (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented), in the form filed with
the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference herein
to the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act as of the date of such prospectus.

4

Applicable
Time means 6:06 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Canadian
Public Disclosure Documents means all information filed by or on behalf of the Company since February 23, 2021 with the Canadian
Securities Regulators of the Provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia,
Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Qubec, Saskatchewan, and the Territories of the Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavut, and
available for public viewing on SEDAR+.

Canadian
Securities Laws means collectively, all applicable securities laws in Canada and the respective rules and regulations made
thereunder, together with applicable multilateral or national instruments, orders, rulings, policies, rules and other regulatory instruments
issued or adopted (and published) by Canadian Securities Regulators.

Canadian
Securities Regulators means, collectively, the securities regulators or other securities regulatory authorities in Canada

Disclosure
Package means the Preliminary Prospectus dated February 3, 2025, together with the pricing terms and other final terms of
the Offering provided to Investors as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, all considered together.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act
Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Shares that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii)
a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed
with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description
of the Shares or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the
Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to
prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the Bona Fide
Electronic Roadshow)), as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-A hereto.

Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus.

2.1.1.
Registration Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number
001-40101) (the Exchange Act Registration Statement) providing for the registration pursuant to Section 12(b) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Common Shares and certain warrants to
purchase Common Shares (the Public Warrants). The Exchange Act Registration Statement became effective prior to
the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Shares or Public Warrants under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating
terminating such registration.

2.1.2.
[RESERVED].

2.2
Stock Exchange Listing. The Companys Common Shares and Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange)
under the symbols BCTX and BCTXW, respectively. The Companys Common Shares are also listed on the
Toronto Stock Exchange (the TSX) under the symbol BCT.

The
Common Shares have been approved for listing on the Exchange and the TSX, subject to official notice, and the Company has taken no action
designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the Common Shares from the Exchange or the TSX, nor has the Company received
any notification that the Exchange or the TSX is contemplating terminating such listing or that the Company is out of compliance with
the listing or maintenance requirements of the Exchange or the TSX, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

5

2.3
No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied
with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

2.4
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.4.1.
Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i)
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective (including each deemed effective
date with respect to the Placement Agent pursuant to Rule 430B or otherwise under the Securities Act) complied and will comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The conditions for use of Form S-3,
set forth in the General Instructions thereto, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.1 and other conditions related
to the offer and sale of the Shares, have been satisfied. The Prospectus, at the time each was or will be filed with the Commission,
complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was or will be filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered
to the Placement Agent for use in connection with this Offering and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted
copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T promulgated under the Securities
Act.

(ii)
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date contained,
contains, or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits, or will omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(iii)
The Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto does not conflict with the
information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each
such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus as of the Applicable
Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement
thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b),
at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits, or will omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading

6

(iv)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time
of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted, omits, or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, notmisleading

(v)
The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, when they became effective
or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and none of such documents contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and any further documents so filed and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, when such documents become effective or are filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

2.4.2.
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the
Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained or incorporated by reference therein and there are
no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement or
to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, that have not been so described
or filed or incorporated by reference. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is
a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly
executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys
knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, tothe Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that,
with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, performance
by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over
the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those
relating to environmental laws and regulations. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has no subsidiaries and has no other interest, nominal or beneficial, direct or indirect, in any other corporation, joint
venture or other business entity.

2.4.3.
Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit
of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Preliminary Prospectus.

7

2.4.4.
Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus concerning the effects
of federal, state, local, and all foreign regulation onthe Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are accurate,
correct and complete in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5.
No Other Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute
any offering material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus,
and other materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

2.5
Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1.
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial
position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a
material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of
operations, shareholders equity, business, assets, properties or prospects of the Company (a Material Adverse Change)
(ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement
(iii) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) the Company has not sustained
any material loss or interference with its business or properties from fire, explosion, flood, earthquake, hurricane, accident or other
calamity. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the
issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred
or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its businesses, prospects, properties, operations,
assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this
representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed..

2.5.2.
Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation,
direct or contingent, for borrowed money or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect
to its capital stock.

2.6
Disclosures in Commission Filings. Since February 23, 2021, (i) none of the Companys filings with the Commission contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (ii) the Company has made all filings with the Commission required
under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations).

2.7
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, MNP LLP (the Auditor), whose report is filed with
the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, is
an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor has not, during the periodscovered by the financial statements included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services,
as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

8

2.8
Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, fairly present the financial position and the
results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply and such financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout
the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year- end audit adjustments that are not expected
to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP) and the supporting schedules included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement present fairly the information required to be stated therein. No other historical or pro forma
financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the
Prospectus by the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma financial statements and the related notes, if any,
included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus have been properly compiled
and prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act,
or the Exchange Act Regulations and present fairly the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof
are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein.
All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus, or incorporated or deemed incorporated
by reference therein, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the
Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent
applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions,
arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or
other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, (a) neither the Company nor any of its direct
and indirect subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the
Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries),
has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the
ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect
to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than
in the usual course of business any grants under any stock compensation plan, and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change
in the Companys long-term or short-term debt.

2.9
Authorized Capital Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued, and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted
stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package,
and the Prospectus, on the date hereof, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date there will be no stock options, warrants, or
other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued Common Shares of the Company or any security convertible or
exercisable into Common Shares of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Common Shares or any such options, warrants,
rights, or convertible securities.

9

2.10
Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.10.1.
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and have been issued in compliance
with all United States federal and state securities laws and all Canadian provincial securities laws the holders thereof have no
rights of rescission, rights of first refusal, rights of participation or similar rights with respect thereto or put rights, and are
not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive
rights, rights of first refusal, or rights of participation or similar rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar
contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized Common Shares conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto
contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding Common Shares
were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws,
applicable Canadia Securities Laws, or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such Shares, exempt
from such registration requirements.

2.10.2.
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Shares and the Placement Agents Securities have been duly authorized for
issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable the holders thereof are
not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders the Shares and the Placement Agents Securities
are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights
granted by the Company and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance, and sale of the Shares and
the Placement Agents Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Shares and the Placement Agents Securities conform
in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and
the Prospectus. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Agents Warrants
has been duly and validly taken the Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued in accordance with the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement, such
Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal
liability by reason of being such holders and such Warrant Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any
holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

2.11
Registration Rights of Third Parties. No holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible
or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under
the Securities Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.12
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement have has been duly
and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

10

2.13
No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Placement Agents Warrant
Agreement and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance
by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both:
(i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result
in the creation, modification, termination, or imposition of any lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, claim, equity, trust,
or other encumbrance, preferential arrangement, defect, or restriction of any kind whatsoever or encumbrance upon any property or assets
of the Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, lease, loan agreement, or any other agreement or
instrument, franchise, license, or permit to which the Company is a party or as to which any property of the Company is a subject
(ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Companys Notice of Articles or Articles (as the same may be amended or restated
from time to time, collectively, the Charter) or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof (including, without limitation, those promulgated by the
Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the FDA) or by any foreign, federal,
state, or local regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA).

2.14
Regulatory. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus: (i) the Company has
not received notice from any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Regulations (as defined in clause
(ii) below) or Authorizations (as defined in clause (iii) below) (ii) the Company is and has been in material compliance with federal,
state, provincial or foreign statutes, laws, ordinances, rules and regulations applicable to the Company (collectively, Applicable
Regulations) (iii) the Company possesses all licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, consents, authorizations,
qualifications, registrations, permits, and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Regulations and/or to carry
on its businesses as now conducted (Authorizations) and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect
and the Company is not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations (iv) the Company has not received notice of any claim,
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party
alleging that any product, operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Regulations or Authorizations or has any knowledge
that any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation
or proceeding, nor, has there been any material noncompliance with or violation of any Applicable Regulations by the Company that could
reasonably be expected to require the issuance of any such communication or result in an investigation, corrective action, or enforcement
action by any Governmental Entity and (v) the Company has not received notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking
or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations or has any knowledge that any such Governmental Entity
has threatened or is considering such action. Neither the Company nor any of its directors, officers, employees or agents has been convicted
of any crime under any Applicable Regulations.

2.15
No Defaults Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant, or condition
of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan, or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not (i) in violation of
any term or provision of its Charter, or (ii) in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any Governmental Entity.

2.16
Corporate Power Licenses Consents.

2.16.1.
Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals,
registrations, orders, licenses, certificates, qualifications, registrations and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials
and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus.

11

2.16.2.
Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Placement
Agents Warrant Agreement and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations,
approvals, registrations, orders, licenses, certificates, qualifications, regulations and permits required in connection therewith have
been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency, or other body is required for
the valid issuance, sale, and delivery of the Shares and the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions
and agreements contemplated by this Agreement and the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules
and regulations of the Exchange and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA), and the policies
of the TSX.

2.17
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders),
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers, and principal shareholders as described in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in Section 2.27
below) provided to the Placement Agent, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any
information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.18
Litigation Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation,
or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and
the Prospectus, or in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Shares on the Exchange, or which
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Placement Agents Warrants or the
Shares.

2.19
Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the
laws of the Province of British Columbia as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each
other jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the
failure to be so qualified or in good standing, singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Change.

2.20
Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering
such risks which the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least
equal to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that
it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage
from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result
in a Material Adverse Change.

2.21
Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.21.1.
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, there are
no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements, or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting, or origination
fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Shares hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements, or understandingsof
the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its shareholders that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as
determined by FINRA.

12

2.21.2.
Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities, or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders
fee, consulting fee, or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons
who raised or provided capital to the Company (ii) any FINRA member or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or
indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Agreement, other than
the payment to the Placement Agent as providedhereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.21.3.
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its
affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.21.4.
FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or more of any
class of the Companys securities or (iii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered
equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is
an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of FINRA). The Company (i) does not have any material lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of the Placement
Agent and (ii) does not intend to use any of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate
of the Placement Agent.

2.21.5.
Information. All information provided by the Company in its and, to the Companys knowledge, all information provided in
the Companys officers and directors FINRA questionnaires to Placement Agent Counsel specifically for use by Placement
Agent Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct, and complete
in all material respects.

2.22
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

2.22.1.
None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee, or affiliate of
the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly,
given or agreed to give any money, gift, or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of
business) to any customer, supplier, employee, or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency
or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other
person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual
or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal, or governmental litigation
or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change (iii) if not continued in the future, might
adversely affect the assets, business, operations, or prospects of the Company.

2.22.2.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively,
the FCPA) and neither it nor any of its employees have (i) violated or is in violation of any provision of the FCPA
or any applicable non-U.S. anti-bribery statute or regulation (ii) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback
or other unlawful payment or (iii) received notice of any investigation, proceeding or inquiry by any Governmental Entity regarding
any of the matters in clauses (i)-(iii) above and the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys affiliates
have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed
to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

13

2.23
Compliance with OFAC. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee, or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
(OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute,
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner, or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing
the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.24
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in either the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, or Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.25
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations,
or guidelines, issued, administered, or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws)
and no action, suit, or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws
is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.26
Regulatory.

2.26.1.
All preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, are or have been adequately described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus in
all material respects. The preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries that
are described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus were and, if still ongoing, are being conducted in material compliance
with all laws and regulations applicable thereto in the jurisdictions in which they are being conducted and with all laws and regulations
applicable to preclinical studies and clinical trials from which data will be submitted to support marketing approval. The descriptions
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus of the results of such studies are accurate and complete in
all material respects and fairly present the data derived from such studies, and the Company has no knowledge of, or reason to believe
that, the aggregate results of any large well-controlled clinical study are inconsistent with or otherwise call into question the results
of any clinical study conducted by or on behalf of the Company that is described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package,
and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not received any notices
or statements from the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (EMA), or any other governmental agency or authority imposing,
requiring, requesting, or suggesting a clinical hold, termination, suspension, or material modification for or of any preclinical studies
and clinical trials that are described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or the results of which
are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not received any notices or statements from the FDA, the EMA, or any other
governmental agency, and otherwise has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that, (i) any investigational new drug application for any
potential product of the Company is or has been rejected or placed on clinical hold and (ii) any license, approval, permit, or
authorization to conduct any clinical trial of any potential product of the Company has been, will be, or may be suspended, revoked,
modified, or limited. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has failed to file with the FDA or any foreign, federal, state,
or local governmental or regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA, any filing, declaration, listing,
registration, report, or submission that is required to be so filed. All such filings were in material compliance with applicable laws
when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority (including, without limitation, the FDA or any
foreign, federal, state, or local governmental or regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA) with
respect to any such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports, or submissions. To the knowledge of the Company, there are
no facts that would be reasonably likely to result in any warning, untitled or notice of violation letter or Form FDA-483 from the FDA.
The Company is not aware of any studies, tests, or trials the results of which the Company believes reasonably call into question (i)
the study, test, or trial results of any of its products,(ii) the efficacy or safety of any of its products, or (iii) any of the Companys
filings with any Governmental Entity.

14

2.26.2.
Regulatory Filings and Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries have such permits, licenses, clearances, registrations, exemptions,
patents, franchises, certificates of need and other approvals, consents, and other authorizations (Permits) issued
by the appropriate domestic or foreign regional, federal, state, or local regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business
of the Company, including, without limitation, any Investigational New Drug Application (an IND), Biologics License
Application (BLA), and/or New Drug Application (an NDA), as required by FDA, the Drug Enforcement
Administration (the DEA), or any other Permits issued by domestic or foreign regional, federal, state, or local
agencies or bodies engaged in the regulation of pharmaceuticals such as those being developed by the Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively,
the Regulatory Permits), except for any of the foregoing that would not reasonably be expected to, individually
or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the on the assets, business or operations of the Company taken as a whole (a Material
Adverse Effect) the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the Regulatory Permits,
and all of such Regulatory Permits are valid and in full force and effect the Company has not received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation, termination, modification, or impairment of rights of any of the Regulatory Permits that, individually or
in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling, or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect the Company has not failed to submit to the FDA any IND, BLA, or NDA necessary to conduct the business of the Company,
any such filings that were required to be made were in material compliance with applicable laws when filed, and no material deficiencies
have been asserted by the FDA with respect to any such filings or submissions that were made.

2.26.3.
Compliance with Health Care Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is, and at all times has been, in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable Health Care Laws, and has not engaged in activities which are, as applicable, cause for false claims
liability, civil penalties, or mandatory or permissive exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or any other state or federal health care program.
For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C.
301 et seq.), the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), andthe regulations promulgated thereunder
(ii) all applicable federal, state, local, and all applicable foreign health care related fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation,
the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the U.S. Physician Payment Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h),
the U.S. Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a- 7b(a)), all
criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care
fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), the civil monetary penalties law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a),
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), and the
regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes (iii) Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) (iv) Medicaid (Title
XIX of the Social Security Act) (v) the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) and the regulations promulgated
thereunder and (vi) any and all other applicable health care laws and regulations. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of
the Company, any subsidiary has received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration,
or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation
or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such claim, action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration, or other action is threatened. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any subsidiary is a party to or has any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to any corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution
agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, plans of correction, or similar agreements with or imposed by
any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company, its Subsidiaries, nor any of its respective employees, officers,
or directors has been excluded, suspended, or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research
or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that could
reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

15

2.27
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement
Agent or to Placement Agent Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters
covered thereby.

2.28
Lock-Up Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys executive officers and directors
who will be subject to the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined below) (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company
has caused or will cause each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Placement Agent an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the closing of the Offering.

2.29
Subsidiaries. All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the
place of organization or incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease
of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a Material Adverse
Change. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary is as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package,
and the Prospectus.

2.30
Related Party Transactions.

2.30.1.
Business Relationships. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person
required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus that have not been described as required.

2.30.2.
No Relationships with Customers and Suppliers. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company on the
one hand, and the directors, officers, five percent (5%) or greater shareholders, customers, or suppliers of the Company or any of the
Companys affiliates on the other hand, which is required to be described in the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or a document
incorporated by reference therein and which is not so described.

2.30.3.
No Unconsolidated Entities. There are no transactions, arrangements, or other relationships between and/or among the Company,
any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including,
but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose, or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially
affect the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources
required to be described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus which
have not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

16

2.30.4.
No Loans or Advances to Affiliates. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in
the ordinary course of business), or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors
of the Company, any other affiliates of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

2.31
Board of Directors. The Board is comprised of the persons disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and
the Prospectus. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board comply with the Exchange
Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes- Oxley
Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one (1) member of the Audit Committee of the
Board qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules
of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board qualify as independent, as defined
under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.32
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

2.32.1.
Disclosure Controls. The Company is in material compliance with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and
such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning the Company will be made known on a timely
basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

2.32.2.
Compliance. The Company is, and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future
compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

2.32.3.
Accounting Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting
(as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus,
the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Auditor and the Audit Committee of the Board have been
advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys
ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls
over financial reporting. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the Disclosure Package, there has been
no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

17

2.33
No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as
an investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.34
No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is imminent. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company is, or is now expected to be, in violation
of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition
agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of
each such executive officer does not subject the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company is
in compliance with all federal, state, provincial, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours.

2.35
Employment Benefit Laws. The Company is not in violation of or has not received notice of any violation with respect to any federal,
state, provincial or foreign law relating to discrimination in the hiring, promotion or pay of employees, nor any applicable federal,
state, provincial or foreign wages and hours law, nor any state law precluding the denial of credit due to the neighborhood in which
a property is situated, the violation of any of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.36
Intellectual Property Rights.

2.36.1.
Title, License or Right to Use. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries own, have valid and enforceable title to, license to,
or otherwise have the right to use, all patents, patent applications, inventions, all rights, whether conveyed by operation of law or
contract, to any an all inventions made by an employee working in the scope of his or her employment, trademarks, service marks, trade
names, corporate names, trademark registrations, trademark applications, service mark registrations, logos, trade dress, designs, data,
database rights, Internet domain names, websites, web content, copyrights, moral rights, works of authorship, licenses, proprietary information
and know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures),
and all other worldwide intellectual property and proprietary rights, including registrations and applications for registration thereof
(including all rights pertaining to the foregoing anywhere in the world, including rights arising under international treaties and conventions),
and all common law rights to intellectual property and associated goodwill (collectively, Intellectual Property)
necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted, or which are
described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company or its
Subsidiaries. Where the Company and its Subsidiaries owns the Intellectual Property (the Owned Intellectual Property),
the Owned Intellectual Property is owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries as sole and exclusive owner with good, valid and marketable
title thereto, free and clear of all encumbrances. Where the Company or its Subsidiaries license the Intellectual Property (the Licensed
Intellectual Property), to the knowledge of the Company, the Company or its Subsidiaries have valid and enforceable licenses
to use any the Licensed Intellectual Property used by it in connection with, and as required for business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
No licenses have been granted by the Company or its Subsidiaries for the Owned Intellectual Property, except as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

18

2.36.2.
No Violation of Third Party Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries conduct of their respective businesses as
currently conducted does not, and, to its knowledge will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property
Rights of others. The Intellectual Property of the Company has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or
unenforceable, in whole or in part, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such adjudication.
To the knowledge of the Company, no Person has infringed, misappropriated or violated the Owned Intellectual Property nor does such Owned
Intellectual Property infringe, misappropriate or violate the Intellectual Property of any third party. To the knowledge of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, there is no application pending of any other Person which would or would potentially interfere with or infringe
any Owned Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received any notice of any claim of infringement, misappropriation
or conflict with any intellectual property rights of another, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis
for any such notice or claim. To the Companys knowledge, there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property,
except for customary reversionary rights of third-party licensors with respect to Intellectual Property that is disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as owned by or licensed to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

2.36.3.
No Pending Action. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no pending
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (i) challenging the Companys rights
in or to any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action,
suit, proceeding or claim (ii) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property, and the Company
is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim or (iii) asserting that
the Company or its Subsidiaries infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate, or would, upon the commercialization of any product or
service described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as under development, infringe, misappropriate,
or otherwise violate, any Intellectual Property rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable
basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim.

2.36.4.
Compliance No Material Defects. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the
terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or its Subsidiaries, except as may not
reasonably result in a material adverse effect, and all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys knowledge,
there are no material defects in any of the patents or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property. All registrations,
filings and actions necessary to preserve the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries to its Owned Intellectual Property have been
made or taken in accordance with the provisions of any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental
Entity and all such Owned Intellectual Property is valid and subsisting, in compliance with any existing applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity (including payment of filing, examination and maintenance fees and proofs of use)
and is not subject to any unpaid maintenance fees or taxes or actions.

2.36.5.
Protection of Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken all reasonable measures, in accordance with sound
industry practices, to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property, including the execution of appropriate nondisclosure,
confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements and invention assignments with their employees or service providers. All
employees and other developers of Owned Intellectual Property have executed written contracts with the Company or its Subsidiaries which
(i) protect the confidentiality of all Intellectual Property, (ii) effect the full and irrevocable assignment to the Company and its
Subsidiaries of all of the Intellectual Property conceived or reduced to practice by them for the Company or its Subsidiaries and
(iii) provide that employees and developers have waived all their non-assignable rights (including moral rights) in such Intellectual
Property in favor of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

2.36.6.
Employees. No employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries is in or has been in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure
agreement, or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees
employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable.

19

2.36.7.
Duty of Candor and Good Faith. The duty of candor and good faith as required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office
during the prosecution of the United States patents and patent applications within the Intellectual Property have been complied with
and in all foreign offices having similar requirements, all such requirements have been complied with. None of the Company owned Intellectual
Property or technology (including information technology and outsourced arrangements) employed by the Company or its Subsidiaries has
been obtained or is being used by the Company or its Subsidiary in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors or employees or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons.

2.36.8.
Trade Secrets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable and customary actions to protect their rights in and prevent
the unauthorized use and disclosure of trade secrets and confidential business information (including confidential source code, ideas,
research and development information, know-how, formulas, compositions, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, research records,
records of inventions, test information, financial, marketing and business data, customer and supplier lists and information, pricing
and cost information, business and marketing plans and proposals) owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and, there has been no unauthorized
use or disclosure of the trade secrets or confidential business information.

2.36.9.
IT Assets. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect, (i) the computers, software, servers,
networks, data communications lines, and other information technology systems owned, licensed, leased or otherwise used by the Company
or its Subsidiaries (excluding any public networks) (collectively, the IT Assets) operate and perform as is necessary
for the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted as described
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, such IT Assets are
not infected by viruses, disabling code or other harmful code. The Company and its Subsidiaries have at all times implemented and maintained
all industry standard controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their confidential information and the integrity,
continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Assets and data (including all Personal Data (defined below) sensitive, confidential
or regulated data used in connection with their businesses, and there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses
of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person,
nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same.

2.36.10.
To the Companys knowledge, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its
respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology
(collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has
no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its
IT Systems and Data (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and
all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and
contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data
from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain
and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems
and Data and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with commercially
reasonable industry standards and practices.

20

2.36.11.
Data Privacy and Security Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with
all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations in the United States, including without limitation the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and all applicable provincial and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations in Canada,
including without limitation the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (S.C. 2000, c. 5) (PIPEDA)
and the Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and have been and currently
are in compliance with, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively,
the Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its Subsidiaries have in place, comply
with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures
relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies).
Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social
security number or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or
customer or account number (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the
Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended (iii) Protected Health Information as defined by HIPAA (iv) personal information,
personal health information. and business contact information as defined by PIPEDA (v) personal
data as defined by GDPR and (vi) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or
his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory
rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate
or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that
neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential
violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in
any such notice (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective
action pursuant to any Privacy Law or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability
under any Privacy Law.

2.37
Clinical Studies. All preclinical and clinical studies conducted by or on behalf of the Company Parties that are material to an
understanding of the Companys business and an investment in the Company Parties, are or have been adequately described in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus in all material respects. To the Companys knowledge, after reasonable
inquiry, the clinical and preclinical studies conducted by or on behalf of the Company Parties that are described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Package and Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus were and, if still ongoing, are being conducted in material compliance with all laws and regulations applicable thereto
in the jurisdictions in which they are being conducted and with all laws and regulations applicable to preclinical and clinical studies
from which data will be submitted to support marketing approval. The descriptions in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus of the results of such studies are accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly present the data derived
from such studies, and Company has no knowledge of any large well-controlled clinical study the aggregate results of which are inconsistent
with or otherwise call into question the results of any clinical study conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are described in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not received any notices or statements from the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (EMA)
or any other Governmental Entity imposing, requiring, requesting or suggesting a clinical hold, termination, suspension or material modification
for or of any clinical or preclinical studies that are described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company Parties
have not received any notices or statements from the FDA, the EMA or any other Governmental Entity, and otherwise has no knowledge or
reason to believe, that (i) any investigational new drug application for potential product of the Company is or has been rejected or
determined to be non-approvable or conditionally approvable and (ii) any license, approval, permit or authorization to conduct
any clinical trial of any potential product of the Company has been, will be or may be suspended, revoked, modified or limited.

21

2.38
Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing
authorities prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed
against the Company or such respective Subsidiary. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed
with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods
to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Placement Agent, (i) no issues
have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from
the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have
been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local,
foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service,
service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties,
or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or
additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements,
and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.39
ERISA Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with
ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in
Sections 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations
thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA)
has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by
the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of
its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities
(as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material
liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or
(ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975, or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company
or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge
of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

22

2.40
Compliance with Laws. The Company: (i) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable
to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale,
offer for sale, storage, import, export, storage, or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company (Applicable
Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change
(ii) has not received any FDA Form 483, notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter, or other correspondence or notice
from the FDA or any other governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates,
approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits, and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations)
(iii) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and infull force and effect and are not in material violation
of any term of any such Authorizations (iv) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation, arbitration, or other action from any governmental authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity
conducted by the Company is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority
or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation, or proceeding (v) has not received
notice that any governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify, or revoke any Authorizations
and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering such action (vi) has filed, obtained, maintained, or submitted
all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions, and supplements or amendments as required
by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions,
and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented
by a subsequent submission) and (vii) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to
be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, dear doctor
letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or
violation and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

2.41
Application of Takeover Provisions. The Company and the Board have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys Articles (or similar constating documents) or the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation
that is or could become applicable as a result of the Placement Agent and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their
rights under this Agreement.

2.42
[RESERVED].

2.43
Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Shares and at the date hereof,
the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination
by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.44
Real and Personal Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use,
all items of real or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each
case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims, and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially
affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed tobe made of such property by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered
as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the
Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice
of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of
the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to the continued possession
of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

23

2.45
Contracts Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company,
any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including,
but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially
affect the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources
required to be described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which
have not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

2.46
Loans to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the
ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers
or directors of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.47
Emerging Growth Company. Since the closing of its initial public offering on February 26, 2021 through the date hereof, the Company
has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth
Company).

2.48
Smaller Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was, and currently is, a smaller
reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.49
Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package,
and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate
or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.50
Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be
used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any
of the Common Shares to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U, or X of the Federal Reserve
Board.

2.51
Exchange Act Reports. The Company has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(e),
14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding twelve (12) months (except to the extent that Section 15(d) requires reports to
be filed pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act, which shall be governed by the next clause of this sentence)
and the Company has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act
since February 23, 2021, except where the failure to timely file could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.52
Minute Books. The minute books of the Company and each Subsidiary have been made available to the Placement Agent and Placement
Agent Counsel, and such books (i) contain a complete summary of all meetings and actions of the Board (including each Board committee)
and shareholders of the Company (or analogous governing bodies and interest holders, as applicable), and each of its Subsidiaries since
the time of its respective incorporation or organization through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately in all
material respects reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes. There are no material transactions, agreements, dispositions,
or other actions of the Company and each Subsidiary that are not properly approved and/or accurately and fairly recorded in the minute
books of the Company or its Subsidiary, as applicable.

24

2.53
Environmental Laws.

2.53.1.
Compliance. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations
relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or
the environment which are applicable to their businesses (Environmental Laws).

2.53.2.
Permits. The Company has all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and is in
compliance with their requirements.

2.53.3.
Hazardous Substances. There has been no storage, generation, transportation, handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission
or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances by, due to, or caused by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
or upon any other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which
would, under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise
to any liability, except for any violation or liability which would not have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such violations
and liabilities, a Material Adverse Effect and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind in
violation of Environmental Laws onto such property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or
other hazardous substances with respect to which the Company has knowledge.

2.53.4.
No Pending or Threatened Proceedings. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened administrative, regulatory
or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of non-compliance or violation, investigation or proceedings
relating to any Environmental Laws against the Company.

2.53.5.
No Basis for Action. There are no events or circumstances, to the knowledge of the Company, that would reasonably be expected
to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or Governmental Entity
or against or affecting the Company relating to any Environmental Laws.

2.53.6.
Periodic Review. In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct periodic reviews of the effect of
Environmental Laws on their business and assets, in the course of which they identify and evaluate associated costs and liabilities (including,
without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental
Laws or governmental permits issued thereunder, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third
parties). On the basis of such reviews, the Company and its Subsidiaries have reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities
would not have, singularly or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

2.54
Compliance with FTC, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. There is no complaint to or audit, proceeding, investigation
(formal or informal) or claim currently pending against the Company or its Subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of the Company, any of its
customers (specific to the customers use of the products or services of the Company) by the Federal Trade Commission, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services and any office contained therein (HHS), or any similar authority in any
jurisdiction other than the United States or any other governmental entity, or by any person in respect of the collection, use or disclosure
of Personal Data by the Company or its Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no such complaint, audit, proceeding, investigation
or claim is threatened.

25

2.55
FDA, Health Canada and Other Regulatory Authorities.

2.55.1.
The Company holds all licenses, certificates, approvals and permits from all United States federal and state and Canadian federal and
provincial, foreign and other regulatory authorities, including but not limited to the United States Food and Drug Administration (the
FDA), and Health Canada (HC), and any foreign regulatory authorities performing functions similar to those
performed by the FDA, and HC that are material to the conduct of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries as such business is
now conducted as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, all of which are valid and in full
force and effect and there is no proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened which may cause any such license,
certificate, approval or permit to be withdrawn, cancelled, suspended or not renewed.

2.55.2.
Nothing has come to the attention of the Company that has caused the Company to believe that the completed studies, tests, preclinical
studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are described in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus were not conducted, in all material respects, in accordance with experimental protocols, procedures
and controls pursuant to, where applicable, accepted professional and scientific standards for products or product candidates comparable
to those being developed by the Company or that the drug substances used in the clinical trials have not been manufactured, in
all material respects, under current good manufacturing practices, when required, in the United States, Canada and other
jurisdictions in which such clinical trials have been and are being conducted.

2.55.3.
No filing or submission to the FDA, HC, or any other regulatory body, that was or is intended to be the basis for any approval of the
Companys products or product candidates, to the knowledge of the Company, contains any material omission or material false information.

2.55.4.
The Company is not in violation in any material respect, of any material law, order, rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of
any court or governmental agency or body, applicable to the investigation of new drugs in humans and animals, including, but not limited
to, those promulgated by the FDA, or HC.

2.56
Export and Import Laws. The Company and, to the Companys knowledge, each of its affiliates, and any director, officer,
agent or employee of, or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company, has acted at all times in compliance in all
material respects with applicable Export and Import Laws (as defined below) and there are no claims, complaints, charges, investigations
or proceedings pending or expected or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
any governmental authority under any Export or Import Laws. The term Export and Import Laws means the Arms Export Control
Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended, the Export Administration Regulations,
and all other laws and regulations of the United States government regulating the provision of services to non-U.S. parties or the export
and import of articles or information from and to the United States of America, and all similar laws and regulations of any foreign government
regulating the provision of services to parties not of the foreign country or the export and import of articles and information from
and to the foreign country to parties not of the foreign country.

2.57
Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers tobuy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

26

2.58
No Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors, or shareholders (without the consent
of the Placement Agent) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization, or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares.

2.59
No Undisclosed Relationships. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
on the one hand, and the directors, officers, shareholders, customers, suppliers or other affiliates of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
on the other, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and that
is not so described in such documents and in the Disclosure Package.

2.60
Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee, or consultant of the
Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non- competition agreement, or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the
Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.61
Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than
Testing-the-Waters Communications with the written consent of the Placement Agent and with entities that are qualified institutional
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule
501 under the Securities Act and (ii) authorized anyone other than the Placement Agent to engage in Testing- the-Waters Communications.
The Company confirms that the Placement Agent has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications.
The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-B hereto.
Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication
within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

2.62
Electronic Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of
the Securities Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations)
is required in connection with the Offering.

2.63
Corporate Records. The corporate records of the Company have been made available to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel,
and such corporate records accurately in all material respects reflect all transactions referred to in such records. There are no material
transactions, agreements, dispositions or other actions of the Company that are not properly approved and/or accurately and fairly recorded
in the corporate records of the Company, as applicable.

2.64
Canadian Securities Laws.

2.64.1.
The Company is a reporting issuer in the Provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador,
Nova Scotia, Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Qubec, Saskatchewan, and the Territories of the Yukon, Northwest Territories and
Nunavut, is not in default of any material requirement of the Canadian Securities Laws of the Province of British Columbia and Alberta
and is not included on a list of defaulting reporting issuers maintained by the securities regulators of such jurisdictions.

27

2.64.2.
The Company is in compliance in all material respects with its timely and continuous disclosure obligations under all applicable Canadian
Securities Laws and the Company is not in default of its filings under, nor has it failed to file or publish any document required to
be filed or published under all applicable Canadian Securities Laws and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, there has
not occurred any Material Adverse Change since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Canadian Public Disclosure
Documents which has not been publicly disclosed on a non-confidential basis and the Company has not filed any confidential material change
reports since the date of such statements which remain confidential as at the date hereof.

2.64.3.
The Canadian Public Disclosure Documents contain no untrue statement of a material fact as at the dates thereof nor do they omit to state
a material fact which, at the date thereof, was required to have been stated or was necessary to prevent a statement that was made from
being false or misleading in the circumstances in which it was made and were prepared in accordance with and comply with Canadian Securities
Laws.

2.64.4.
There are no reports or information that, in accordance with the requirements of the Canadian Securities Regulators or applicable Canadian
Securities Laws, must be made publicly available in connection with the Offering that have not been made publicly available, as required.
There are no documents required to be filed with the Canadian Securities Regulators as of the date hereof in connection with the Offering
that have not been filed as required, other than the filing of the Registration Statement and any post-closing filings required to be
made by the Company pursuant to the Canadian Securities Laws.

3.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Placement Agent, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the date hereof and not file any such amendment
or supplement to which the Placement Agent shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2
Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1.
Compliance. The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B of the
Securities Act Regulations, and will notify the Placement Agent promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
shall have been filed and when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective (ii) of the receipt
of any comments from the Commission (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any
amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or for additional information (iv)
of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or
of the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of
any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the
Registration Statement and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection
with the Offering of the Shares. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in
the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems
necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the
Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent
the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest
possible moment.

28

3.2.2.
Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act, the
Exchange Act Regulations, and the Canadian Securities Laws, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Shares as contemplated
in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating
to the Shares is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would
be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection withsales of the Shares, any event shall occur or condition shall exist
as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Placement Agent or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration
Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (ii) amend or supplement the Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the
circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities
Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Placement Agent notice of such event (B) prepare any amendment or supplement
as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus
comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Placement Agent with
copies of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement provided,
however, that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent or counsel for the
Placement Agent shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Placement Agent such number of copies of such amendment or supplement
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request. The Company has given the Placement Agent notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange
Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within forty-eight (48) hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Placement
Agent notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the Closing Date and will furnish the Placement
Agent with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will
not file or use any such document to which the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent shall reasonably object.

3.2.3.
Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts
to maintain the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the Common Shares under the
Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

3.2.4.
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, it shall
not make any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by
the Company under Rule 433 provided, however, that the Placement Agent shall be deemed to have consented to each
Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning
of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that has been reviewed by the Placement Agent. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will
treat each such free writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Placement Agent as an issuer free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with
respect thereto, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance
of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Placement Agent and will promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement
or omission.

29

3.2.5.
Testing-the-Waters Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there
occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Placement Agent
and shall promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such
untrue statement or omission.

3.3
Delivery to the Placement Agent of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make
available to the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as
originally filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver
to the Placement Agent, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto
(without exhibits) for the Placement Agent. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Placement
Agent will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent
permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4
Delivery to the Placement Agent of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available
to each Placement Agent, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Placement Agent reasonably requested,
and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each
Placement Agent, without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Shares is (or, but for the exception afforded by
Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented)
as such Placement Agent may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Placement Agent
will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent
permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.5
Events Requiring Notice to the Placement Agent. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to
remain effective with a current prospectus related to the Registration Statement, promptly amending the prospectus that is part of the
Registration Statement as necessary to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as well as any applicable
rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission until at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time and, and shall notify the
Placement Agent immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment
thereto (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for
that purpose (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification
of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose
(iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus
(v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission and (vi) of the happening of any
event during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material
fact made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in
(a) the Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission
or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable
effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

30

3.6
Review of Financial Statements. For a period of five (5) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense,
shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial
statements for each of the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7
Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the Common Shares (including the Shares sold pursuant
to this Agreement) on the Exchange and the TSX until the later of three (3) years from the date of this Agreement provided that this
covenant shall not prevent the Company from completing any transaction which would result in the Common Shares ceasing to be listed so
long as the holders of Common Shares receive securities of an entity which is listed on a Trading Market or cash, or the holders of Common
Shares have approved the transaction in accordance with the requirements of applicable corporate and securities laws and the rules and
policies of the Exchange and TSX.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

3.8
Exchange Submission of Listing of Additional Shares. The Company agrees to make a timely submission of the Listing of Additional
Shares Notification Form with the Exchange with respect to the Offering of the Shares.

3.9
[RESERVED].

3.10
Reports to the Placement Agent.

3.10.1.
Periodic Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available
to the Placement Agent copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Placement Agent: (i) a copy of each periodic report
the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations (ii) a copy of
every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company
(iii) a copy of each Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company (iv) five (5) copies of each registration statement filed by the
Company under the Securities Act (v) a copy of each report or other communication furnished to shareholders and (vi) such
additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Placement
Agent may from time to time reasonably request provided, however, the Placement Agent shall sign, if requested by
the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and Placement
Agent Counsel in connection with the Placement Agents receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant
to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Placement Agent pursuant to this Section 3.10.1. EDGAR
means the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system.

3.10.2.
Transfer Agent Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain
a transfer agent and registrar acceptable to the Placement Agent (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Placement
Agent at the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Placement Agent may
reasonably request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Computershare is acceptable
to the Placement Agent to act as Transfer Agent for the Common Shares.

31

3.10.3.
Trading Reports. During such time as the Shares are listed on the Exchange, the Company shall provide to the Placement Agent,
at the Companys expense, such reports published by Exchange relating to price trading of the Shares as the Placement Agent shall
reasonably request.

3.11
Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on the Closing Date to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses
incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees
and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Shares to be issued and sold in the Offering with the Commission
(b) all filing fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA, the Exchange and TSX (c) all fees and expenses relating
to the listing of such Securities on the Exchange, the TSX and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Placement Agent together
determine, including any fees charged by the DTC for new securities(d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background
checks of the Companys officers and directors in an amount not to exceed $15,000 in the aggregate (e) all fees, expenses
and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Shares under the blue sky securities laws of such
states and other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration
fees) (f) all fees, expenses, and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification, or exemption of the Shares under the
securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably designate (g) the costs of all mailing and
printing of the offering documents (including, without limitation, the Placement Agency Agreement, any blue sky surveys and, if appropriate,
any agreement among placement agents, selected dealers agreement, placement agents questionnaire and power of attorney),
Registration Statements, Prospectuses, and all amendments, supplements, and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses
as the Placement Agent may reasonably deem necessary (h) the costs and expenses of a public relations firm, if applicable
(i) the costs of preparing, printing, and delivering certificates representing the Shares (j) fees and expenses of the Transfer
Agent for the Shares (k) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company to
the Placement Agent (l) the costs associated with post-Closing advertising the Offering in the national editions of the Wall Street
Journal and New York Times (m) the costs associated with bound volumes of the public offering materials as well as commemorative
mementos and lucite tombstones, each of which the Company or its designee will provide within a reasonable time after the Closing in
such quantities as the Placement Agent may reasonably request, in an amount not to exceed $3,000 (n) the fees and expenses of the
Companys accountants (o) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents (p) fees and
expenses of Placement Agent Counsel not to exceed $125,000 (q) the $29,500 cost associated with the Placement Agents use
of Ipreos book-building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering (r) up to $10,000 for data services
and communications expenses (s) up to $10,000 of the Placement Agents actual accountable road show expenses
and (t) up to $15,000 of the Placement Agents market making and trading, and clearing firm settlement expenses for the Offering.
The Placement Agent may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, the expenses set forth
herein to be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated,
the Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent, less any amounts previously advanced, pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.12
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent
with the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus.

32

3.13
Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon
as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement,
an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act)
covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt,
earnings statements filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR shall be deemed to have been made available to the Companys security
holders for purposes of this Section 3.13.

3.14
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors, or shareholders (without the consent
of the Placement Agent) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares.

3.15
Internal Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization (ii) transactions are
recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for
assets (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences.

3.16
Accountants. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered
public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Placement Agent acknowledges that
MNP LLP is acceptable to the Placement Agent.

3.17
FINRA. The Company shall advise the Placement Agent (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware
that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or
more of any class of the Companys securities, or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities
which were acquired during the one hundred eighty (180) days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes
an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of FINRA).

3.18
No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents responsibility to the Company is solely
contractual in nature and that none of the Placement Agent or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a
fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.19
[RESERVED].

3.20
Company Lock-Up Agreements. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written
consent of the Placement Agent, it will not for a period of thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up
Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option, or contract to purchase, purchase any option, or contract
to sell, grant any option, right, or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the
Company (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of
capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company
(iii) complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank
or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of
ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) above is to be
settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

33

The
restrictions contained in this Section 3.20 shall not apply to (i) the Shares, (ii) the issuance by the Company of Common Shares
upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on the date hereof, which is disclosed in
the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, and Prospectus, provided that such options, warrants, and securities have not been amended
since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price, or conversionprice
of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, (iii) the issuance by the Company of stock options, shares of capital stock
of the Company, or other awards under any equity compensation plan of the Company, provided that in each of (ii) and (iii) above,
the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up Period, (iv) the filing of a registration statement on
Form S-8 or (v) the issuance of any securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the
disinterested directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person)
which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business
of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities

3.21
Release of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions
set forth in the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.27 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the
Company with notice of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver,
the Company agrees to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto
through a major news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.22
Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Placement Agent, if necessary, to qualify
the Shares for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as
the Placement Agent may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the
Shares provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process
or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject
itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.23
Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Shares is (or, but for the exception
afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with
the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally,
the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Shares as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act
Regulations.

3.24
Press Releases. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any press release or other communication directly or indirectly
or hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial, or otherwise, or earnings, business affairs, or business
prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the past practices
of the Company and of which the Placement Agent is notified), without the prior written consent ofthe Placement Agent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless in the judgment of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the Placement Agent,
such press release or communication is required by law.

34

3.25
Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Placement Agent if the Company ceases to be an Emerging
Growth Company at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Shares within the meaning of the Securities
Act and (ii) fifteen (15) days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

3.26
[RESERVED].

3.27
Sarbanes-Oxley. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company shall
at all times comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in effect from time to time.

4.
Conditions of Placement Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Placement Agent as provided herein, shall be subject
to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date,
(ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof (iii) the performance by
the Company of its obligations hereunder and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1
Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1.
Commission Actions Required Filings. n Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto shall have been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall have been issued, and no proceedings for any of those purposes shall have been instituted
or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any)
from the Commission for additional information. A prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission
in the manner and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8))
or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance
with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act Regulations.

4.1.2.
No Cease Trade Order. On the Closing Date, no Cease Trade Order shall have been issued by any Canadian Securities Regulator and
no proceedings for such purpose, to the knowledge of the Company, will be pending or threatened.

4.1.3.
No Objection. FINRA has not raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the Placement Agents
compensation relating to the offering of the Shares.

4.1.4.
[RESERVED].

4.1.5.
TSX Acceptance. On the Closing Date, the TSX shall have conditionally accepted the Offering and the listing of the Shares and
Warrant Shares, subject only to the satisfaction of the customary listing conditions.

4.2
Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1.
Closing Date Opinion of U.S. Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the favorable opinion of Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP, U.S. counsel to the Company, and a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances,
dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-I attached hereto.

35

4.2.2.
Closing Date Opinion of Canadian Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the favorable opinion of
Bennett Jones LLP, Canadian legal counsel to the Company and addressed to the Placement Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit
C-II attached hereto.

4.2.3.
Opinion of Special Intellectual Property Counsel and Special Intellectual Property Counsel (Licensing) for the Company. On the
Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the opinion of Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP, special intellectual property
counsel for the Company, and a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances, dated the Closing Date and
addressed to the Placement Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-III attached hereto.

4.2.4.
Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the
laws of the United States and Canada and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, as applicable, to the extent such counsel deems proper
and to the extent specified in such opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Placement Agent) of other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent, familiar with the applicable laws, and alternatively,
such opinion of other counsel may be addressed directly to the Placement Agent and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they
deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions
having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements
or certificates shall be delivered to Placement Agent Counsel if requested. The opinions of each counsel listed in Sections 4.2.1, 4.2.2
and 4.2.3 and any opinions relied upon by any such counsel shall include a statement to the effect that they may be relied upon by Placement
Agent Counsel in such counsels opinions delivered to the Placement Agent.

4.3
Comfort Letters.

4.3.1.
Cold Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed you shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditor containing
statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements
and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to
you, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

4.3.2.
Bring-down Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date the Placement Agent shall have received from the Auditor a letter, dated
as of the Closing Date, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements made in their letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1,
except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date.

4.4
Officers Certificates. The Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of
its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and
each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date did not include any untrue statement of a material fact
and did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and
the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as
of the Closing and the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date
did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration Statement,
no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date the representations and
warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions
on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date
of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse
Change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate,
would involve a Material Adverse Change or a prospective Material Adverse Change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations, business, assets, or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

36

4.4.1.
Secretarys Certificate. On the Closing Date the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company signed
by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has
not been modified and is in full force and effect (ii) that the resolutions of the Board relating to the Offering are in full force
and effect and have not been modified (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its
counsel and the Commission and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate
shall be attached to such certificate.

4.4.2.
Officers Certificate Regulatory Matters. The Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent a certificate,
dated the Closing Date, of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that, except as set forth in the Prospectus
Supplement, the Company (a) is in all material respects in compliance with the provisions of all laws relating to the regulation of the
Companys products, including the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDC Act) and all state laws comparable
to the FDC Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and all rules and regulations promulgated by the FDA and all comparable
state regulatory authorities, (b) has all authorizations, approvals, consents, orders, registrations, licenses or permits of any court
or the FDA and all state regulatory authorities comparable to the FDA which are necessary or required for it to conduct its current business
in material compliance with the FDC Act or comparable state law, and (c) the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package and the documents
incorporated by reference therein relating to the FDC Act, the FDA and all state laws comparable to the FDC Act, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder and promulgated by the FDA, and related disclosures, are correct and complete in all material respects.

4.4.3.
[RESERVED].

4.5
No Material Changes. Prior to the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving
a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial, or otherwise, of the Company
from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and no change in the capital stock or debt
of the Company, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus (ii) no action, suit, or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have
been pending or threatened against the Company or any insider before or by any court or federal or state commission, board, or other
administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling, or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects,
or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus
(iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened
by the Commission (iv) no action shall have been taken and no law, statute, rule, regulation, or order shall have been enacted,
adopted, or issued by any Governmental Entity which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Shares or materially and adversely affect
or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company (v) no injunction, restraining order,
or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued which would prevent the issuance
or sale of the Shares or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of
the Company, and (vi) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto
shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations,
and neither the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6
No Material Misstatement or Omission. The Placement Agent shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to
the Closing Date that the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which,
in the opinion of Placement Agent Counsel, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material
and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or that the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue
statement of fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel,
is material and is necessary in order to make the statements, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

37

4.7
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each
of this Agreement, the Shares, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and all other legal matters relating
to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel
for the Placement Agent, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably
request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

4.8
Delivery of Agreements.

4.8.1.
Lock-Up Agreements. On or before the date of the Closing, the Company shall have delivered to the Placement Agent executed copies
of the Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.8.2.
Placement Agents Warrants. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Placement Agent an executed copy
of the Placement Agents Warrants.

4.9
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, the Placement Agent Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions
as they may require for the purpose of enabling Placement Agent Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Placement Agent, or in order to
evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained
and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory
in form and substance to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel.

38

5.
Indemnification.

5.1
Indemnification of the Placement Agent.

5.1.1.
General. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Placement Agent, its
affiliates, and each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates,
counsel, and agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Placement Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties, and each an Placement
Agent Indemnified Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage, and expense whatsoever (including but not limited
to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing, or defending against any litigation, commenced,
or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and
the Company or between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them
may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of
foreign countries (a Claim), arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented) (ii) any materials
or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including
any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically) (iii)
any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application)
executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Shares
under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange, or any other
national securities exchange or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (iv) otherwise
arising in connection with or allegedly in connection with the Offering. The Company also agrees that it will reimburse each Placement
Agent Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
in investigating, preparing, or defending against any litigation, commenced, or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising
out of any action between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified
Parties and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses), and further agrees wherever and whenever
possible to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Placement Agent Indemnified Party in investigating, preparing, pursuing
or defending any Claim.

5.1.2.
Procedure. If any action is brought against an Placement Agent Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against
the Company pursuant to Section 5.1.1, such Placement Agent Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of
the institution of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel
(subject to the approval of such Placement Agent Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Placement Agent Indemnified
Party requests that the Company do so. Such Placement Agent Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel
in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company.
The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld).
In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, settle, compromise, or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification,
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Placement Agent Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement,
compromise, consent, or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Placement Agent Indemnified Party, acceptable to such
Placement Agent Indemnified Party, from all liabilities, expenses, and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or
contribution may be sought and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability, or a failure to act, by
or on behalf of any Placement Agent Indemnified Party.

5.2
[RESERVED].

39

5.3
Contribution.

5.3.1.
Contribution Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 in respect of any loss, claim, damage, or liability, or any action in
respect thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute
to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage, or liability, or action in respect thereof,
(i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement
Agent, on the other, from the Offering of the Shares, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable
law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative
fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that resulted
in such loss, claim, damage, or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The
relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall
be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Shares purchased under this Agreement (before
deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the
total discounts and commissions received by the Placement Agent with respect to the Common Shares purchased under this Agreement, as
set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to
information supplied by the Company or the Placement Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information,
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just
and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Placement
Agent were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable
considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, or liability,
or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section
5.3.1, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any
such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Placement Agent be required to
contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total discounts and commissions received by such Placement Agent with respect
to the Offering of the Shares exceed the amount of any damages that such Placement Agent has otherwise been required to pay by reason
of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation.

5.3.2.
Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice
of the commencement of any action, suit, or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made
against another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure
to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution
hereunder. In case any such action, suit, or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or
its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen (15) days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate
therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable
to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action, or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action, or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent
of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent
permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or otherwise available.

6.
[RESERVED].

40

7.
Additional Covenants.

7.1
Board Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members
of the Board and the overall composition of the Board comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange Act and with the listing
rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to have its Public
Securities listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the
Audit Committee of the Board qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation
S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2
Right of First Refusal. Provided that the Shares are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Placement Agent
shall have an irrevocable right of first refusal (the Right of First Refusal), for a period of six (6) months after
the date the Offering is completed, to act as sole and exclusive investment banker, sole and exclusive book-runner, sole and exclusive
financial advisor, sole and exclusive underwriter and/or sole and exclusive placement agent, at the Placement Agents sole and
exclusive discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity linked financings in
which the Company uses an underwriter, placement agent, advisor, investment bank or broker dealer (each, a Subject Transaction),
during such six (6) month period, of the Company, or any successor to or subsidiary of the Company, on terms and conditions customary
to the Placement Agent for such Subject Transactions. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Company shall not retain, engage or solicit
any additional investment banker, book-runner, financial advisor, underwriter and/or placement agent in a Subject Transaction without
the express written consent of the Placement Agent.

The
Company shall notify the Placement Agent of its intention to pursue a Subject Transaction, including the material terms thereof, by providing
written notice thereof by registered mail or overnight courier service addressed to the Placement Agent. If the Placement Agent fails
to exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to any Subject Transaction within five (5) Business Days after the receipt of such
written notice, then the Placement Agent shall have no further claim or right with respect to the Subject Transaction. The Placement
Agent may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, not to exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to any Subject Transaction
provided that any such election by the Placement Agent shall not adversely affect the Placement Agents Right of First Refusal
with respect to any other Subject Transaction during the six (6) month period agreed to above.

8.
Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1
Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Placement Agent have executed the same and
delivered counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

8.2
Termination. The Placement Agent shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, (i) if
any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Placement Agents opinion will in
the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock
Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall
have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other
government authority having jurisdiction or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in
major hostilities or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority or (v) if a
moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets
or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage, or other
calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed
with the delivery of the Shares or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or covenants
hereunder or (viii) if the Placement Agent shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a Material Adverse Change in the
conditions or prospects of the Company, or such Material Adverse Change in general market conditions as in the Placement Agents
judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale, and/or delivery of the Shares or to enforce contracts made by
the Placement Agent for the sale of the Shares or (ix) if trading of the Shares on the Exchange shall be suspended on or prior
to the Closing Date.

41

8.3
Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out
for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall
be obligated to pay to the Placement Agent their actual accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein
as set forth in Section 3.11 herein, and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Placement Agent
provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of
this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received by the Placement Agent will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent
not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

8.4
Survival of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any
termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain
in full force and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this
Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5
Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties, and agreements contained in this Agreement
or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling the
Placement Agent, its officers, or directors or any person controlling the Company, or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Shares.

9.
Miscellaneous.

9.1
Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed
(registered or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic mail transmission and confirmed
and shall be deemed given when so delivered and confirmed or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

(a)
If to the Placement Agent:

ThinkEquity
LLC

17
State Street, 41st Floor

New
York, NY 10004

Attention:
Head of Investment Banking

e-mail: Notices@think-equity.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Cozen
OConnor LLP

Bentall
5, 550 Burrard Street, Suite 2501

Vancouver, British Columbia, V6C 2B5, Canada

Attention:
Mr. Virgil Hlus

Email:
VHlus@cwilson.com

42

(b)
If to the Company:

BriaCell
Therapeutics Corp.

Suite 300, Bellevue Centre

235
15th Street

West
Vancouver, BC V7T 2X1, Canada

Attention: Dr. William V. Williams

Email: william@briacell.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Ave. of the Americas, 31st Floor

New
York, NY 10036

Attn:
Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.

e-mail: gsichenzia@srfc.law

9.2
Research Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agents research analysts and research departments
are required to be independent from its investment banking division and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and
that such Placement Agents research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research
reports with respect to the Company and/or the Offering that differ from the views of their investment banking division. The Company
acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities
laws, rules and regulations, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers, and hold long or short positions
in debt or equity securities of the Company provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve
the Placement Agent of any responsibility or liability it may otherwise bear in connection with activities in violation of applicable
securities laws, rules orregulations.

9.3
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.4
Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.5
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that
certain engagement letter between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC dated August 19, 2024, shall remain in full force and effect.

9.6
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Placement Agent, the Company,
and the controlling persons, directors, and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives,
heirs, and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or in
respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not
include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Placement Agent.

43

9.7
Governing Law Consent to Jurisdiction Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby
agrees that any action, proceeding, or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and
enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such
exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company
may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to
it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding
upon the Company in any action, proceeding, or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled
to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or
incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf
of its shareholders and affiliates) and the Placement Agent hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

9.8
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall
constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

9.9
Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non- compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unlessset forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.10
Currency Matters. As used herein, $ refers to U.S. dollars.

[Signature
Page Follows]

44

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Placement Agent and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very
truly yours,

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

By:

/s/
William V. Williams

Name: William
V. Williams

Title:
President
and Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned:

THINKEQUITY
LLC 

By:

Name: Eric
Lord 

Title:
Head
of Investment Banking 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT]

45

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Placement Agent and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very
truly yours,

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

By: 

Name:
William
V. Williams

Title: President
and Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned:

THINKEQUITY
LLC 

By:

/s/
Eric Lord 

Name: Eric
Lord 

Title:
Head
of Investment Banking 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT]

46

SCHEDULE
1

Terms

Number
of Shares: 762,500

Offering
Price per Share: $4.00

47

SCHEDULE
2-A

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

48

SCHEDULE
2-B

Written
Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.

49

SCHEDULE
3

List
of Lock-Up Parties

Name Position

Dr.
William V. Williams President,
Chief Executive Officer and Director Gadi Levin Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary

Dr.
Giuseppe Del Priore Chief
Medical Officer

Dr.
Miguel A. Lopez Lago Chief
Scientific Officer

Jamieson
Bondarenko Chairman,
Director

Dr.
Rebecca Taub Director

Vaughn
C. Embro-Pantalony Director

Martin
Schmieg Director

Dr.
Jane Gross Director

50

SCHEDULE
4

Company
Investors

None

51

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

_________,
2025

ThinkEquity
LLC

17
State Street, 41st Fl

New
York, NY 10004

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned understands that ThinkEquity LLC (the Placement Agent) proposes to enter into a placement agency agreement
(the Placement Agency Agreement) with BriaCell Therapeutics Corp., a British Columbia corporation (the Company),
providing for the public offering (the Public Offering) of common shares in the capital of the Company (the Shares).

To
induce the Placement Agent to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending
thirty (30) days after the date of the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering (the Lock-Up
Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly,
any Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the
undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up
Securities) (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to
be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to
the registration of any Lock-Up Securities or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition,
or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Placement
Agent in connection with (a) transactions relating to Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of
the Public Offering provided that no filing under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), shall be required or shall be voluntarily made in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities
acquired in such open market transactions (b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy
or to a family member or trust for the benefit of a family member (for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member
means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin) (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities to
a charity or educational institution or (d) if the undersigned, directly or indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other business entity, any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to any shareholder, partner or member of, or owner of
similar equity interests in, the undersigned, as the case may be provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the
foregoing clauses (b), (c) or (d), (i) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and
deliver to the Placement Agent a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement and (iii) no filing under Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily made. The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop
transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities
except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

52

If
the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally
applicable to any issuer-directed or friends and family Shares that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering
(ii) the Placement Agent agrees that, at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing
restrictions in connection with a transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Placement Agent will notify the Company of the impending release
or waiver and (iii) the Company has agreed in the Placement Agency Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press
release through a major news service at least two (2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or
waiver granted by the Placement Agent hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the
publication date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely
to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same
terms described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

No
provision in this agreement shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the exercise, exchange or conversion by the undersigned of any securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Shares, as applicable provided that the undersigned does not transfer
the Shares acquired on such exercise, exchange or conversion during the Lock-Up Period, unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms
of this lock-up agreement. In addition, no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry into or modification of
a so-called 10b5-1 plan at any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in such a manner as to cause
the sale of any Lock-Up Securities within the Lock-Up Period).

The
undersigned understands that the Company and the Placement Agent are relying upon this lock- up agreement in proceeding toward consummation
of the Public Offering. The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the
undersigneds heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The
undersigned understands that, if the Company notifies the Placement Agent that it does not intend to proceed with the Public Offering,
if the Placement Agency Agreement is not executed, or if the Company and the Placement Agent agree to terminate the Public Offering,
or if the Placement Agency Agreement (otherthan theprovisionsthereof which survivetermination) shall terminate or be terminated prior
to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder, then this lock- up agreement shall be void and of no further force or
effect.

Whether
or not the Public Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only
be made pursuant to an Placement Agency Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Placement
Agent.

(Signature
Page Follows)

53

Very
truly yours,

(Name
Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name
of Signatory, in the case of entities Please Print)

(Title
of Signatory, in the case of entities Please Print)

Address: 

54

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Press Release

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

[Date]

BriaCell
Therapeutics Corp. (the Company) announced today that ThinkEquity LLC, acting as Placement Agent in the Companys
recent public offering of ___________common shares of the Company, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to _________
shares of the Companys common shares held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver]
[release] will take effect on _______________, 20__, and the shares may be sold on or after such date.

This
press release is not an offer or sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is
prohibited, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

55

EXHIBIT
C - I

Form
of Opinion of U.S. Counsel

[RESERVED]

56

EXHIBIT
C - II

Form
of Opinion of Canadian Counsel

57

EXHIBIT
C - III

Form
of Intellectual Property Opinion

58

EXHIBIT
D

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Form
of Placement Agents Warrant Agreement

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON SHARES

BRIACELL THERAPEUTICS CORP.

Warrant
Shares:

Initial
Exercise Date: , 202 

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON SHARES (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, or
its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after , 202[] (the Initial Exercise Date)
and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following
the Effective Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from BriaCell Therapeutics
Corp., a British Columbia corporation (the Company), up to Common
Shares, without par value per share, of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The
purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Shares means the common shares of the Company, no par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

59

Effective
Date means [ ], 2025

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price by total trading volume of the Common Shares for such date (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price by total trading volume of a Common Share for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB
or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common
Shares are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of the Common Shares as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

60

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly
executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within one (1) Trading Day following the
date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within one (1) Business Days of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be US$5.001, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers
check, at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP for the five
Trading Days immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close
of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP for the five Trading Days
immediately preceding the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of
Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on
such Trading Day

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

1
125% of the public offering price per common share in the offering.

61

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant SharesUpon Exercise.
The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the
account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal
at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant
Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the
Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is one (1) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share
Delivery Date). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company,
at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend
(subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including with respect to affiliate status) and,
if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer agent shall have received from the
Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide a confirmation as to the sale
of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise of this Warrant if the
Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and
Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all
purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise,
if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares,
having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by
the Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each US$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise), US$10 per Trading Day (increasing to US$20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated
damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the fifth Trading Day following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant
Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

62

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date (for avoidance of doubt, other than any such failure that is due solely to any action or inaction
by the Holder), then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise provided, however, that the Holder shall
be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return
to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to
acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored
right).

63

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on
or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell
order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the
Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its
exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase price of US$11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation
of US$10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder US$1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

64

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii.
Signature. This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder
in order to exercise this Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Warrant.
No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Warrant. The Company
shall honor exercises of this Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time
periods set forth herein.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of
the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the
sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of
this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to
verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares
as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting
forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day
confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common
Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by
the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of
the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant
held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph
(or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or
to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

65

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock or share split) outstanding
Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the
Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common
Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number
of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.
For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary
thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue
(or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, at
an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b)
[RESERVED]

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, subject to the prior approval of the
TSX (as long as the Common Shares are listed for trading on the TSX), if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Share
Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common
Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase
Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or
sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

66

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other
than cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of
a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall
be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such
Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger, amalgamation, arrangement or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person,
(ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of
all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires
more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party
to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the
right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant),
the number of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation or is otherwise
the continuing corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders
of Common Shares as a result of such Fundamental Transaction for each Common Share for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different
components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to
be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of
capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

67

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the
number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

68

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any consolidation, merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a
notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which
the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be
determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of
record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange provided that the failure
to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all
rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable
upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant
full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

69

Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Warrant, so long as the Common Shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the
TSX), this Warrant may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities, to any person
other than an affiliate or employee (or an affiliate of such employee) of ThinkEquity LLC within the meaning of the policies of the TSX.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

70

Section
5. Registration Rights.

5.1.
Demand Registration.

5.1.1
Grant of Right. If at any time on or after the Initial Exercise Date, there is no effective registration statement registering,
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder or if the resale of the Warrant
Shares cannot be made pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act (including under Rule 144 in connection with
a cashless exercise and without any volume or other limitations), the Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice)
of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or the underlying Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees
to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable
Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities
within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared
effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission provided, however, that the Company shall not
be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled
to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering
covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities
of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until sixty (60) days after such offering
is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time beginning on the Initial Exercise Date and expiring on the fifth
anniversary of the Effective Date. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any
Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the
receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section
5.1.1, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to
represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the filing required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably
requested by the Holder(s) provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities
in a State in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State
or submit to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their
shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted
under Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders
shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately
cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due
to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand
registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary
of the date of the Placement Agency Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(B).

71

5.2
Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1
Grant of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right,
for a period of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the
Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction
contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form) provided, however,
that if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s)
thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement
because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public
distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable
Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of
Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number
of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable
Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such
securities in such Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

5.2.2
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1
hereof, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders
to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company
shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the
proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement
filed by the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2 provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial
Exercise Date.

5.3
General Terms

5.3.1
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration
statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 (a) of the Exchange Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and
other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent
and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Placement Agent contained in Section
5.1 of the Placement Agency Agreement between the Placement Agent and the Company, dated as of , 2025. The Holder(s) of the Registrable
Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify
the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors
or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions,
if any, contained in the Placement Agency Agreement pursuant to which the Placement Agent has agreed to indemnify the Company.

72

5.3.2
Exercise of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants
prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3
Documents Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to
each underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel
to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter
dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has
issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder
and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the
registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation
shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and
independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

5.3.4
Placement Agency Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected
by any Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such
managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating
to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties
and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such
Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except
as they may relate to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

73

5.3.5
Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to
the Company a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security
holders.

5.3.6
Damages. Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company
or the Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available
to the Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened
breach of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity
of posting bond or other security.

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or
stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares
a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

74

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its notice of articles or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of
this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor
upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the placement agency agreement, dated , 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity
LLC (the Placement Agency Agreement).

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, or
otherwise able to be resold or transferred without restriction pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. Any certificates
representing, or book entry for, such restricted Warrant Shares shall contain a legend to the following effect: The securities
represented by this certificate have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or applicable
state law. Neither the securities nor any interest therein may be offered for sale, sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to
an effective registration statement under the Act, or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act and applicable state law
which, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, is available.

75

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Placement Agency Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Placement Agency Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

76

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

77

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO:
BRIACELL THERAPEUTICS CORP.

__________________________

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if
exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ 
] in lawful money of the United States or

[ ]
if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please register and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

__________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

__________________________

__________________________

__________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

Date:

78

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute 

this form and supply required information. 

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, [] all of or []
shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

______________________________________________whose
address is

___________________________________________________________

Dated:
__________, ______

Holders Signature: __________________

Holders Address: ____________________

_______________________

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper
evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

79
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

BriaCell
Therapeutics Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Shares

PHILADELPHIA
and VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Feb. 03, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. (Nasdaq: BCTX, BCTXW) (TSX: BCT)
(BriaCell or the Company), a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops novel immunotherapies to
transform cancer care, today announced that it intends to offer to sell common shares in a best-efforts public offering. The offering
is subject to market conditions and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the size
or terms of the offering. The Company is relying upon the exemption set forth in Section 602.1 of the TSX Company Manual, which provides
that the TSX will not apply its standards to certain transactions involving eligible interlisted issuers on a recognized exchange, such
as Nasdaq.

ThinkEquity
is acting as sole placement agent for the offering.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering primarily for working capital requirements, general corporate purposes, and
the advancement of business objectives.

The
securities will be offered and sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276650), including a base prospectus,
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 22, 2024 and declared effective on January
31, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus
describing the terms of the offering has been or will be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained from the offices of ThinkEquity,
17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004. Before investing in this offering, interested parties should read in
their entirety the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that the Company has filed
with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in such preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide
more information about the Company and such offering.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

About
BriaCell Therapeutics Corp.

BriaCell
is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops novel immunotherapies to transform cancer care. More information is available
at https://briacell.com/.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.
All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe,
contemplate, could, estimate, expect, intend, seek,
may, might, plan, potential, predict, project, target,
aim, should, will, would, or the negative of these words or other similar expressions,
although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements, including those about the use of proceeds
of the proposed offering, are based on BriaCells current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and assumptions
that are difficult to predict. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not
prove to be accurate. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully under the heading Risk Factors in
the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and under Risks and Uncertainties in the Companys other
filings with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, all of which are available
under the Companys profiles on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements contained in
this announcement are made as of this date, and BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. undertakes no duty to update such information except as required
under applicable law.

Neither
the Toronto Stock Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the Toronto Stock Exchange)
accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

Company
Contact:

William V. Williams, MD

President & CEO

1-888-485-6340

info@briacell.com

Media
Relations:

Jules Abraham

CORE IR

julesa@coreir.com

Investor
Relations Contact:

CORE IR

investors@briacell.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

BriaCell
Therapeutics Announces Pricing of Public Offering

PHILADELPHIA
and VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Feb. 03, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. (Nasdaq: BCTX, BCTXW) (TSX: BCT)
(BriaCell or the Company), a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops novel immunotherapies to
transform cancer care, today announced the pricing of a best-efforts public offering of 762,500 common shares at a public offering price
of $4.00 per share. Total gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses, are expected
to be $3.05 million. The offering is expected to close on February 5, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
The Company is relying upon the exemption set forth in Section 602.1 of the TSX Company Manual, which provides that the TSX will not
apply its standards to certain transactions involving eligible interlisted issuers on a recognized exchange, such as Nasdaq.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital requirements, general corporate purposes, and the advancement
of business objectives.

ThinkEquity
is acting as the sole placement agent for the offering.

The
securities described above are being offered and sold by the Company pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No.
333-276650), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 22,
2024 and declared effective on January 31, 2024. The offering is being made only by means of a written prospectus. A final prospectus
supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and can be accessed for free on the SECs
website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained,
when available, from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
BriaCell Therapeutics Corp.

BriaCell
is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops novel immunotherapies to transform cancer care. More information is available
at https://briacell.com/.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact, contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate,
could, estimate, expect, intend, seek, may, might,
plan, potential, predict, project, target, aim, should,
will, would, or the negative of these words or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements including those about the closing of the offering and the use of proceeds
from the offering, are based on BriaCells current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and assumptions
that are difficult to predict. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not
prove to be accurate. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully under the heading Risk Factors in
the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and under Risks and Uncertainties in the Companys other
filings with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, all of which are available
under the Companys profiles on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. There can be no assurance that BriaCell
will be able to complete the offering on the anticipated terms, or at all. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
are made as of this date, and BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable
law.

Neither
the Toronto Stock Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the Toronto Stock Exchange)
accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

Company
Contact:

William V. Williams, MD

President & CEO

1-888-485-6340

info@briacell.com

Media
Relations:

Jules Abraham

CORE IR

julesa@coreir.com

Investor
Relations Contact:

CORE IR

investors@briacell.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.3

BriaCell
Therapeutics Announces Closing of Public Offering

Philadelphia
& Vancouver, British Columbia February 5, 2025 BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. (Nasdaq: BCTX, BCTXW) (TSX: BCT) (BriaCell
or the Company), a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops novel immunotherapies to transform cancer care, today
announced the closing of its previously announced best-efforts public offering of 762,500 common shares at a public offering price of
$4.00 per share. The Company received gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting the placement agents fees and other offering
expenses, of $3.05 million. The Company relied upon the exemption set forth in Section 602.1 of the TSX Company Manual, which provides
that the TSX will not apply its standards to certain transactions involving eligible interlisted issuers on a recognized exchange, such
as Nasdaq.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital requirements, general corporate purposes, and the advancement
of business objectives.

ThinkEquity
acted as sole placement agent for the offering.

The
securities were offered and sold pursuant to the Companys effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276650),
including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 22, 2024 and declared
effective on January 31, 2024. The offering was made by means of a prospectus supplement and prospectus which have been filed with the
SEC and are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. You should read the applicable prospectus supplement and prospectus
for more complete information about the Company and the offering. You may obtain these documents free of charge by visiting the SEC website
at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, you may obtain copies by contacting ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
BriaCell Therapeutics Corp.

BriaCell
is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops novel immunotherapies to transform cancer care. More information is available
at https://briacell.com/.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact, contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate,
could, estimate, expect, intend, seek, may, might,
plan, potential, predict, project, target, aim, should,
will, would, or the negative of these words or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements, including those about the use of proceeds from the offering, are based on
BriaCells current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Further, certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. These and
other risks and uncertainties are described more fully under the heading Risk Factors in the Companys prospectus
supplement for the offering and most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and under Risks and Uncertainties in the Companys
other filings with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, all of which are available
under the Companys profiles on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements contained in
this announcement are made as of this date, and BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. undertakes no duty to update such information except as required
under applicable law.

Neither
the Toronto Stock Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the Toronto Stock Exchange)
accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

Company
Contact:

William
V. Williams, MD

President
& CEO

1-888-485-6340

info@briacell.com

Media
Relations:

Jules
Abraham

CORE
IR

julesa@coreir.com

Investor
Relations Contact:

CORE
IR

investors@briacell.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex5-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex5-1_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-3_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>bctx-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>bctx-20250203_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>bctx-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Shares, no par value 

Warrants to purchase common shares, no par value 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>bctx-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 03, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40101

Entity Registrant Name BRIACELL
THERAPEUTICS CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001610820

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1099599

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code A1

Entity Address, Address Line One Suite
300 - 235 15th Street

Entity Address, City or Town West
Vancouver

Entity Address, State or Province BC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code V7T
2X1

City Area Code (604)

Local Phone Number 921-1810

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Shares, no par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Shares, no par value

Trading Symbol BCTX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase common shares, no par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants
to purchase common shares, no par value

Trading Symbol BCTXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BCTX_CommonSharesNoParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BCTX_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonSharesNoParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://briacell.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bctx-20250203.xsd 
bctx-20250203_def.xml 
bctx-20250203_lab.xml 
bctx-20250203_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005043-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001610820 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

0001610820 

BCTX:CommonSharesNoParValueMember 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

0001610820 

BCTX:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonSharesNoParValueMember 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001610820 
A1 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
BRIACELL THERAPEUTICS CORP. 
47-1099599 
Suite 300 - 235 15th Street 
West Vancouver 
BC 
V7T 2X1 
(604) 
921-1810 
001-40101 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, no par value 
BCTX 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase common shares, no par value 
BCTXW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>