<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-015439.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-015439.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220071442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-015439
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UPBOUND GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000933036
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				450491516
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38047
		FILM NUMBER:		25643259

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5501 HEADQUARTERS DRIVE
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-801-1100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5501 HEADQUARTERS DRIVE
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RENT A CENTER INC DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RENTERS CHOICE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941128
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000093303600009330362025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934

Date of Report:

(Date
of earliest event reported)

February 18, 2025

UPBOUND GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 001-38047

(Commission

File Number) 45-0491516

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5501 Headquarters Drive

Plano,
Texas75024

(Address of principal
executive offices and zip code)

(972) 801-1100

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425).

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12).

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)).

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)).

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.01 Par Value UPBD The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial
Condition.

On February 20, 2025, Upbound Group, Inc.
(the Company) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter and fiscal year ended December 31,
2024. Copies of the press release and earnings release are attached hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively, and are incorporated
herein by reference. The information contained in this paragraph, as well as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 referenced herein, shall not be deemed
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

On
February 20, 2025, the Company announced by press release that Mr. Mitchell E. Fadel will retire as Chief Executive Officer
of the Company and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), effective June 1, 2025 (the Transition
Date). Mr. Fadel will not receive any cash severance benefits in connection with his retirement, but he will receive the
equity-award employment termination treatment provided in that certain letter agreement, by and between the Company and Mr. Fadel,
dated April 3, 2024, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein and as previously disclosed in the Companys Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2024.

In connection with Mr. Fadels retirement,
the Company has appointed Mr. Fahmi Karam to succeed Mr. Fadel as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the
Board, effective as of the Transition Date. Mr. Karam, age 46, is currently the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Karam
has nearly 25 years of experience in strategy, operations and finance. Prior to being appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
in October 2022, Mr. Karam held the role of Chief Financial Officer of Santander Consumer USA. Mr. Karam previously served
as Santanders Head of Pricing and Analytics from May 2018 to September 2019 and as Executive Vice President, Strategy
and Corporate Development from September 2015 to May 2018. Prior to his roles at Santander, Mr. Karam spent 12 years at
JP Morgan Investment Bank and two years at Deloitte Audit Assurance Services.

On
February 19, 2025, Mr. Karam entered into an Employment Agreement with the Company (the Employment Agreement),
setting forth the terms and conditions of his employment as Chief Executive Officer. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Karam will
receive, as of the Transition Date, an annual base salary in an amount equal to $1,100,000 and, commencing in 2025, an annual cash bonus
with a target equal to 150% of his annual base salary and an annual equity-based award with a target grant date fair value equal to 450%
of his annual base salary; provided that Mr. Karams annual equity-based award in respect of 2025 will include a provision
pursuant to which a portion of such award in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the target grant date fair value of Mr. Karams
annual equity-based award as Chief Executive Officer and (ii) the target grant date fair value of Mr. Karams annual equity-based
award as Chief Financial Officer shall be forfeited in the event Mr. Karam does not assume the Chief Executive Officer role on the
Transition Date and remains in his Chief Financial Officer role. In addition, Mr. Karam will be eligible to participate in the Companys
employee benefit plans covering employees of the Company on the same terms and conditions as other senior executives of the Company, as
described in the Employment Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement, in connection with a termination of employment by the Company without cause or by Mr. Karam
for good reason (in each case as defined in the Employment Agreement), subject to Mr. Karams execution of a
release of claims, Mr. Karam will be entitled to receive the following: (i) two times the sum of Mr. Karams annual
base salary and target annual bonus (payable in equal installments over 24 months, provided that if such qualifying termination occurs
in connection with a change in control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), such amounts will be payable in a lump
sum), (ii) a pro rata annual bonus for the year of termination based on actual performance (or target performance, if such qualifying
termination occurs in connection with a change in control), (iii) up to 24 months of benefit continuation coverage
and (iv) Mr. Karams unvested and outstanding equity-based awards for which he has remained continuously employed
from the grant date through the first anniversary of the grant date will be treated as follows: (a) each such award that is subject
solely to time-based vesting conditions will be accelerated in full and (b) each such award that is subject to performance-based
vesting conditions will remain outstanding and continue to vest in accordance with the awards original vesting schedule irrespective
of the termination of Mr. Karams employment, subject to the satisfaction of any applicable performance criteria. If Mr. Karams
employment is terminated due to death or disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), he will be entitled to a pro
rata annual bonus for the year of termination based on actual performance and up to 24 months of benefit continuation coverage. The Employment
Agreement also contains non-competition and employee and client non-solicitation covenants that apply during Mr. Karams employment
and for two years thereafter, as well as perpetual non-disparagement and confidentiality provisions.

Mr. Karam has no family relationship with
any director or executive officer of the Company. Mr. Karam has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction with the
Company that is reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, nor have any such transactions been proposed.

The Company also announced that Mr. Sudeep Gautam, former Executive Vice President
Chief Technology and Digital Officer, departed the Company, effective February 18, 2025. At that time, Mr. Gautam ceased serving
as Executive Vice President Chief Technology and Digital Officer and as an officer and employee of the Company. In connection
with his departure, Mr. Gautam will be entitled to receive the payments and benefits provided by his existing Executive Transition Agreement
(ETA) between Mr. Gautam and the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the ETA.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 20, 2025, Upbound Group, Inc.
issued an investor presentation announcing its financial results for the quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. A copy
of the investor presentation is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.3 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the press release
announcing Mr. Fadels retirement, as described under Item 5.02, is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated
herein by reference. The information contained in this paragraph, as well as Exhibits 99.3 and 99.4 referenced herein, shall not be deemed
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Mr. Fahmi Karam, dated February 19, 2025

99.1 Press release, dated February 20, 2025

99.2 Earnings release, dated February 20, 2025

99.3 Investor Presentation, dated February 20, 2025

99.4 CEO transition release, dated February 20, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

UPBOUND GROUP, INC.

Date: February 20, 2025 By: /s/ Bryan Pechersky

Bryan Pechersky

EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this
Agreement), is entered into effective as of February 19, 2025 (the Effective Date), by
and between UPBOUND GROUP, INC. (the Company) and FAHMI KARAM (Executive).

Recitals

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive
desire to set forth the terms upon which Executive will continue Executives employment with the Company;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Agreement

1.Employment.
The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts such employment, on and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein.

2.Term.
Executives employment shall continue under this Agreement commencing on June 1, 2025 (the Commencement Date)
until otherwise terminated pursuant to Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement (the Employment Period).

3.Position
and Duties. During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive shall report
directly to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) and will have such executive and managerial powers,
duties and responsibilities as are assigned to him by the Board, consistent with his position as Chief Executive Officer. The Company
agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause Executive to be a member of the Board. At the request of the Board, Executive shall
serve as an officer and/or director of the Companys subsidiaries and other Affiliates upon the terms and conditions agreed to by
the parties, but without additional compensation. Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time, attention, knowledge
and skills faithfully and to the best of his ability to the performance of the obligations, duties and responsibilities of his position
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in furtherance of the business, affairs, policies, codes of conduct and activities of the
Company. Without the consent of the Board, during the Employment Period, Executive will not serve on the board of directors, trustees
or any similar governing body of any outside entity (with the exception of any entity which has been disclosed to the Company on a list
provided to the Company by Executive coincident with the execution of this Agreement); provided, that the Board may require Executive
to step down from any such position at any time if it determines appropriate in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the above,
Executive will be permitted, to the extent such activities do not conflict or interfere with the performance by Executive of his duties
and responsibilities hereunder, violate Section 13 or violate any Company written policy, to manage his (and his immediate
familys) personal financial and legal affairs and serve on the board of directors of, or otherwise engage in activities associated
with, non-profit, charitable and community organizations and entities.

1

4.Annual
Compensation.

(a)Base
Salary. During the Employment Period, the Company will pay salary to Executive at an annual rate of $1,100,000, in accordance with
the Companys regular payroll practices. The Board and/or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee)
will review Executives salary at least annually. The Board, acting in its discretion, may increase (but may not decrease) the annual
rate of Executives salary in effect at any time. Executives annual salary, as may be increased by the Board pursuant to
this Section 4(a), is referred to herein as the Base Salary.

(b)Bonus.
Commencing in 2025 and during the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible for an annual cash bonus with a target equal to one hundred
and fifty (150%) of Executives Base Salary in accordance with the Companys annual incentive program for similarly situated
executives, as in effect from time to time. The actual amount of the annual cash bonus, if any, will be payable to Executive in the normal
course of the Companys completion of annual bonus calculations, but in no event later than March 15 of the year following
the year in which such bonus is earned, and shall be consistent with the payment of annual incentive compensation to senior executives
generally.

(c)Annual
Equity-Based Awards. Commencing in 2025 and continuing during the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual
equity-based award under the Companys Amended 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan or any successor plan thereto (the Plan),
with a target grant date fair value equal to four hundred and fifty (450%) of Executives Base Salary; provided, that the
annual equity-based award granted to Executive in respect of 2025 will include a provision pursuant to which a portion of such award in
an amount equal to the difference between (i) the target grant date fair value of Executives annual equity-based award as
Chief Executive Officer (i.e., $4,950,000.00) and (ii) the target grant date fair value of Executives annual equity-based
award as Chief Financial Officer (i.e., $1,291,800.00) shall be forfeited in the event Executive does not commence employment as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company on the Commencement Date and remains in his Chief Financial Officer role. All annual equity-based awards
will be made in accordance with the terms of the Plan and with such terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee in
its sole discretion, as set forth in the applicable award agreement, and as modified by this Agreement.

5.Employee
Benefit Programs and Perquisites.

(a)General.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the Employment Period, Executive will be entitled to participate in such employee
benefit plans and programs of the Company as are made available to other senior executives of the Company from time to time.

(b)Reimbursement
of Business Expenses. Subject to Section 23(c), during the Employment Period, Executive is hereby authorized to incur
reasonable expenses in carrying out his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, and the Company will promptly reimburse him
for all expenses that are so incurred upon presentation of appropriate vouchers or receipts, subject to the Companys expense reimbursement
policies applicable to senior executives generally as in effect from time to time.

(c)Place
of Employment. Executives place of employment during the Employment Period will be at the principal office of the Company in
Plano, Texas, subject to the need for reasonable business travel. The conditions of Executives employment, including, without limitation,
office space and accouterments, secretarial, administrative and other support, will be consistent with his status as the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company.

2

6.Reasons
for Termination of Employment. Executives employment hereunder may be terminated under the following circumstances:

(a)Death.
Executives employment hereunder will terminate upon his death.

(b)Disability.
The Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder due to Disability. Disability
shall mean the inability of Executive to substantially perform the customary duties and responsibilities of Executives role hereunder,
with or without a reasonable accommodation, for a continuous period of at least one hundred and twenty (120) days, or a total of one hundred
and fifty (150) days in any consecutive twelve (12)-month period, by reason of a physical or mental incapacity which is expected to result
in death or last indefinitely, as determined by a duly licensed physician with a specialty in the field that is qualified to treat Executives
medical condition, who is appointed by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive.

(c)Cause.
The Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, the Company
will have Cause to terminate Executives employment upon Executives:

(i)material
act or acts of willful misconduct, in violation of the Companys policies, including, without limitation, the Companys Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics, or otherwise;

(ii)willful
and repeated failure (except where due to physical or mental incapacity) or refusal to perform in any material respect the duties and
responsibilities of Executives employment;

(iii)commitment
of embezzlement or fraud, at Executives direction, or with Executives prior personal knowledge;

(iv)conviction
of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, the commission of a felony; or

(v)substance
abuse or use of illegal drugs that, in the reasonable judgment of the Compensation Committee, (1) impairs the ability of Executive
to perform the duties of Executives employment, or (2) causes or is likely to cause harm or embarrassment to the Company or
any of its Affiliates.

Except as specified, the Compensation
Committee, acting in its own discretion, will be responsible for determining whether particular conduct constitutes Cause for the purposes
of this Agreement.

(d)Good
Reason. Executive may terminate his employment hereunder for Good Reason within ninety (90) days after Executive
has actual knowledge of the occurrence of one of the following events to which Executive did not consent in writing and that has not been
cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof has been given by Executive to the Company setting forth in reasonable detail
the basis of the event (provided that such notice must be given to the Company within thirty (30) days of Executive becoming aware of
such condition):

3

(i)a
material diminution by the Company of Executives duties or responsibilities in a manner which is inconsistent with Executives
position or which has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Executives status or authority;

(ii)a
relocation by more than fifty (50) miles of Executives principal place of business;

(iii)a
reduction by the Company of Executives rate of salary or annual incentive bonus opportunity; or

(iv)a
breach by the Company of a material provision of this Agreement or other agreement with Executive.

Executives continued
employment during the ninety (90)-day period referred to above in this paragraph (d) will not constitute consent to, or a
waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act constituting Good Reason hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
placing Executive on a paid leave for up to ninety (90) days, pending the determination of whether there is a basis to terminate Executive
for Cause, will not constitute a Good Reason event.

(e)Without
Cause. The Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder without Cause by providing Executive with a Notice of Termination.

(f)Without
Good Reason. Executive may terminate his employment hereunder without Good Reason by providing the Company with a Notice of Termination.

7.Termination
of Employment Procedure.

(a)Notice
of Termination. Any termination of Executives employment by the Company or by Executive (other than termination by reason of
Executives death) will be communicated by providing a written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with
Section 18. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a notice which will indicate
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed
to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated if the termination is based on Section 6(b),
6(c) or 6(d).

(b)Date
of Termination. Date of Termination means (1) if Executives employment is terminated by reason of
Executives death, the date of his death; (2) if Executives employment is terminated by reason of his Disability, the
date set forth in the Notice of Termination; and (3) if Executives employment is terminated for any other reason, the date
on which a Notice of Termination is given or any later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice) set forth in such
Notice of Termination; provided, however, that if such termination is due to a Notice of Termination by Executive, the Company
will have the right to accelerate such notice and make the Date of Termination the date of the Notice of Termination or such other date
prior to Executives intended Date of Termination as the Company deems appropriate, which acceleration will in no event be deemed
a termination by the Company without Cause or constitute Good Reason.

4

(c)Resignation
From Any Boards and Positions. Upon the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will
be deemed to resign from (1) the board of directors (or similar body) of the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company
and/or any other board to which Executive has been appointed or nominated by or on behalf of the Company (including the Board) and (2) any
position with the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, including, but not limited to, as an officer and director of the Company and
any of its subsidiaries and Affiliates. Executive agrees to execute such agreements as reasonably requested by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or Affiliates, solely for the purpose of effectuating such resignations.

8.Compensation
Upon Termination of Employment. Subject to the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, Section 12 (relating
to the execution and delivery of a release as a condition of Executives (or a beneficiarys) entitlement to certain payments
and benefits hereunder), this Section 8 provides the payments and benefits to be paid or provided to Executive as a result
of his termination of employment. Except as provided in this Sections 8 and 9, Executive will not be entitled to any payments
or benefits from the Company as a result of the termination of Executives employment, regardless of the reason for such termination.

(a)Termination
by the Company of the Company without Cause or Termination by Executive for Good Reason. If Executives employment is terminated
by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, then Executive shall be entitled to receive the following payments and benefits:

(i)Accrued
Compensation;

(ii)Pro
Rata Bonus;

(iii)two
(2) times Salary and Bonus, payable to Executive in equal monthly installments over twenty-four (24) months;

(iv)Benefit
Continuation Coverage; and

(v)Executives
unvested and outstanding equity-based awards for which Executive has remained continuously employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates
from the grant date through the first anniversary of the grant date shall be treated as follows: (i) each such award that is subject
solely to time-based vesting conditions shall be accelerated in full and (ii) each such award that is subject to performance-based
vesting conditions shall remain outstanding and continue to vest in accordance with the awards original vesting schedule irrespective
of the termination of Executives employment, subject to the satisfaction of any applicable performance criteria.

(b)Disability
or Death. If Executives employment is terminated by the Company due to Executives Disability or if Executives
employment terminates by reason of death, then Executive (or Executives beneficiary) shall be entitled to receive the following
payments and benefits:

(i)Accrued
Compensation;

(ii)Pro
Rata Bonus; and

(iii)Benefit
Continuation Coverage.

5

(c)Termination
by the Company for Cause or Termination by Executive without Good Reason. If the Company terminates Executives employment for
Cause or Executive terminates his employment for any reason other than death, Disability or for Good Reason, then, in each case,
Executive shall be entitled to receive any Accrued Compensation and nothing more.

(d)Restoration.
Any severance payments and benefits paid under this Section 8 shall be subject to continuing compliance with the covenants
described in and repayment pursuant to Section 13.

9.Termination
in Conjunction with a Change in Control.

(a)Subject
to the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, Section 12 (relating to execution and delivery of a general release
as a condition of Executives entitlement to certain payments and benefits hereunder), upon the termination of Executives
employment with the Company and its Affiliates in conjunction with a Change in Control, Executive (or Executives beneficiary,
as the case may be) will be entitled to receive the applicable severance payments and benefits described in Section 8, provided,
however, that, if Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason
in conjunction with a Change in Control, then in lieu of the two (2) times Salary and Bonus payable in installments as described
in Section 8(a)(iii), Executive shall be entitled to receive a single cash payment equal to two (2) times Salary and
Bonus as soon as reasonably practicable following the effectiveness of a Release and no later than sixty (60) days following the Date
of Termination.

(b)For
the purposes hereof, a termination of employment is in conjunction with a Change in Control if (and only if) such termination occurs during
the period commencing upon the Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary of the date of the Change in Control.

(c)If
Executive is entitled to receive payments and benefits under Section 8 (due to a termination of employment not in conjunction
with a Change in Control) and if, by reason of a subsequent Change in Control, Executives termination of employment is deemed to
be in conjunction with the Change in Control, then, in order to avoid duplication, the payments and benefits to which Executive is entitled
under this Section 9 upon and following the Change in Control will be reduced by the payments and benefits which Executive
received under Section 8, and no further payments will be made under Section 8.

(d)Any
severance payments and benefits paid under this Section 9 shall be subject to continuing compliance with the covenants described
in and repayment pursuant to Section 13.

10.Cooperation
Following Termination of Employment. Following any termination of Executives employment, Executive agrees to cooperate with
and provide any requested information to the Company or its legal representatives as the Company deems reasonably appropriate under the
circumstances. The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses, attorneys fees and costs incurred by him
as a result of his cooperation following any termination of his employment pursuant to this Section 10.

11.At-Will
Employment. This Agreement does not constitute a guarantee of employment for any definite period. Executives employment is
at will and may be terminated by Executive or the Company at any time, with or without reason.

6

12.Release
of Claims. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, as a condition to the severance payments or benefits otherwise payable
under this Agreement, Executive (or Executives beneficiary) must execute and not revoke a general release agreement in favor of
the Company, its Affiliates and their officers, directors and employees, in such form as the Board or the Compensation Committee may specify;
provided, however, that no such release will be required as a condition of Executives (or the beneficiarys)
entitlement to Accrued Compensation. Subject to Section 23 of this Agreement, any payment or benefit that is so conditioned
shall commence or be paid during the period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on a date not more than sixty (60) days thereafter,
except that, in the event that such period could span two (2) taxable years, payment must be made or commence in the later year.

13.Restrictive
Covenants.

(a)Confidential
Information. Confidential Information means any and all information and physical manifestations thereof not generally
known or available outside the Company, and information and physical manifestations thereof entrusted to the Company in confidence by
third parties, whether or not such information is patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable, and without regard to whether
such information and physical manifestations thereof are marked or otherwise designated as confidential, proprietary,
or something similar, in each case, to the extent disclosed to Executive by or on behalf of the Company during the course of Executives
employment relationship with the Company. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, any such information or physical manifestations
of: (1) Company Intellectual Property (as defined below); (2) Intellectual Property (as defined below) owned or licensed by
the Company prior to or outside of this Agreement; (3) non-public agreements with, or non-public information relating to, suppliers
and customers of the Company; and (4) any other non-public price lists, pricing methodologies, cost data, market share data, marketing
plans, licenses, contract information, business plans, financial forecasts, historical financial data, budgets or other business information
related to the Company and disclosed to Executive by the Company either directly or indirectly in the course of Executives employment
relationship with the Company, whether in writing, electronically or orally. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does
not include (x) information that was lawfully known by Executive, without any obligation of confidentiality, at the time such
information was received from or otherwise disclosed to Executive by the Company, (y) information that is or becomes generally available
to or known by the public through no wrongful act of Executive, or (z) information disclosed to Executive by a third party not known
by Executive to be bound to a duty of confidentiality to the Company. During the Employment Period and thereafter, Executive will hold
in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all Confidential Information. Executive will not, without the prior written consent
of the Company, communicate or divulge any such Confidential Information to anyone other than the Company and those designated by the
Company or on behalf of the Company in the furtherance of its business or to perform duties under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this Section 13(a) is intended to, and shall not, restrict or limit Executive from exercising Executives
protected rights under Section 13(b).

(b)Protected
Activity.

(i)Notwithstanding
Section 13(a) or anything else herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall not:

7

A.preclude
Executive from disclosing or discussing information lawfully acquired about wages, hours or other terms and conditions of employment if
used for purposes protected by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act such as joining or forming a union, engaging in collective
bargaining or engaging in other concerted activity for the mutual aid or protection of employees; or

B.limit
Executives rights under applicable law to initiate communications directly with, provide information to, respond to any inquiries
from, or report possible violations of law or regulation to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, or to file a charge
with or participate in an investigation conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, and Executive does not need
the Companys or any of its Affiliates permission to do so. In addition, it is understood that this Agreement shall not require
Executive to notify the Company or any of its Affiliates of a request for information from any governmental entity or self-regulatory
authority that is not directed to the Company or any of its Affiliates or of Executives decision to file a charge or complaint
with or participate in an investigation conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Executive recognizes that, in connection with the provision of information to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, Executive
must inform such governmental entity or self-regulatory authority that the information Executive is providing is confidential. Despite
the foregoing, Executive is not permitted to reveal to any third party, including any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority,
information Executive comes to learn during Executives service to the Company and that Executive knows or reasonably should know
is protected from disclosure by any applicable privilege, including but not limited to the attorney-client privilege or attorney work
product doctrine. Each of the Company and its Affiliates does not waive any applicable privileges or the right to continue to protect
its privileged attorney-client information, attorney work product, and other privileged information.

(ii)Executive
is hereby notified that the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, 18 U.S.C. 1833 (the DTSA) provides that an individual
cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that is made:
(1) in confidence to federal, state or local government officials, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and is solely
for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law; (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit
or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; or (3) to the individuals attorney in connection with a lawsuit for
retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law (and the trade secret may be used in the court proceedings for such lawsuit) as
long as (x) any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and (y) the trade secret is not disclosed except pursuant
to court order.

(c)Removal
of Documents. Executive may not remove any records, files, drawings, documents, models, equipment, and the like relating to the Companys
or any of its Affiliates business from the Companys or any of its Affiliates premises without the Companys
or such Affiliates written consent, unless such removal is in the furtherance of the Companys or any of its Affiliates
business or is in connection with Executives carrying out Executives duties under this Agreement and, if so removed, they
will be returned to the Company or such Affiliate, as applicable, promptly after termination of Executives employment hereunder,
or otherwise promptly after removal if such removal occurs following termination of employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this Section 13(c) is intended to, and shall not, restrict or limit Executive from exercising Executives protected
rights under Section 13(b) hereof, or restrict or limit Executive from providing information in response to a subpoena
or other legal process, to a governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, or in the event of litigation between Executive and the
Company or any of its Affiliates, or prohibit Executive from making statements or engaging in any other activities or conduct protected
by the National Labor Relations Act. In the event of any conflict between the provision of this Section 13(c) and of
any applicable employee manual or similar policy of the Company, the provisions of this Section 13(c) will govern.

8

(d)Non-Competition.
Executive hereby confirms and acknowledges that Executive satisfies the definition of senior executive for purposes of the
Federal Trade Commissions Non-Compete Clause Rule. Accordingly, during the Employment Period and for a two (2)-year period after
the date Executives employment is terminated by the Company for any reason, Executive will not directly or indirectly (without
the prior written consent of the Company):

(i)hold
a five percent (5%) or greater equity (including stock options whether or not exercisable), voting or profit participation interest in
a Competitive Enterprise; or

(ii)associate
(including as a director, officer, employee, partner, consultant, agent or advisor) with a Competitive Enterprise and in connection
with Executives association engage, or directly or indirectly manage or supervise personnel engaged, in any activity:

A.that
is substantially related to any activity in which Executive was engaged with the Company or any of its Affiliates during the twelve (12) months
prior to the Date of Termination;

B.that
is substantially related to any activity for which Executive had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibility with the
Company or any of its Affiliates during the twelve (12) months prior to the Date of Termination; or

C.that
calls for the application of specialized knowledge or skills substantially related to those used by Executive in Executives activities
with the Company or any of its Affiliates during the twelve (12) months prior to the Date of Termination.

For purposes of this Agreement, Competitive
Enterprise means a person or entity that is in the business of providing a Conflicting Product or Service. A Conflicting
Product or Service is a product or service that would displace a product or service that Executive assists the Company or any
of its Affiliates in developing, selling, distributing, servicing, or otherwise providing to the Companys or any of its Affiliates
customers or receives Confidential Information about within the preceding two (2) years. By way of example, and not limitation, a
Competing Business is understood to include any person or entity engaged in the rent-to-own or lease-to-own business
or related services or any other business activities that the Company may be engaged in from time to time. Restricted Area
refers to the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, and each additional country where the Company or any of its Affiliates do business
or are actively planning to do business at the time Executives employment ends and about which Executive was provided Confidential
Information during employment. The nature of Executives position is such that he will be provided Confidential Information about
the Companys and its Affiliates business activities and plans in each country where the Company or any of its Affiliates
do business or are planning to do business. Accordingly, Executive agrees that the Restricted Area definition is reasonable and necessary.

9

(e)Non-Solicitation.
During the Employment Period and for a two (2)-year period after Executives employment is terminated by the Company or by Executive
for any reason, Executive will not, in any manner, directly or indirectly (without the prior written consent of the Company): (1) Solicit
any Client to transact business with a Competitive Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Company or any
of its Affiliates, (2) transact business with any Client that would cause Executive to be a Competitive Enterprise, (3) interfere
with or damage any relationship between the Company or any of its Affiliates and a Client or (4) Solicit anyone who is then an employee
of the Company or any of its Affiliates (or who was an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates within the prior twelve (12) months)
and whom had a title of Senior Vice President or above, to resign from the Company or any of its Affiliates or to apply for or accept
employment with any other business or enterprise.

For purposes of this Agreement, a Client
means any client or prospective client of the Company or any of its Affiliates to whom Executive provided services, or for whom Executive
transacted business, or whose identity became known to Executive in connection with Executives relationship with or employment
by the Company, and Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind, regardless of who initiates it,
that in any way invites, advises, encourages or requests any person to take or refrain from taking any action.

(f)Non-Disparagement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, Executive will, in any manner, directly or indirectly
make or publish any statement (orally or in writing) that would libel, slander, disparage, denigrate, ridicule or criticize the Company,
any of its Affiliates or any of its or their employees, officers or directors. Nothing in this Section 13(f) is intended
to, and shall not, restrict or limit Executive from exercising Executives protected rights in Section 13(b) hereof,
or restrict or limit Executive from providing information in response to a subpoena or other legal process, to a governmental entity or
self-regulatory authority, or in the event of litigation between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates, or prohibit Executive
from making statements or engaging in any other activities or conduct protected by the National Labor Relations Act.

(g)Validity.
The terms and provisions of this Section 13 are intended to be separate and divisible provisions and if, for any reason, any
one or more of them is held to be invalid or unenforceable, neither the validity nor the enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement will thereby be affected. The parties acknowledge that the potential restrictions on Executives future employment imposed
by this Section 13 are reasonable in both duration and geographic scope and in all other respects. If for any reason any court
of competent jurisdiction will find any provisions of this Section 13 unreasonable in duration or geographic scope or otherwise,
Executive and the Company agree that the restrictions and prohibitions contained herein will be effective to the fullest extent allowed
under applicable law in such jurisdiction.

(h)Injunctive
Relief. In the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Section 13, Executive agrees that the Company will be entitled
to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction to remedy any such breach or threatened breach, Executive acknowledging that
damages would be inadequate and insufficient.

10

(i)Cease
Payments. In the event that Executive breaches Section 13(a), 13(c), 13(d), 13(e) or 13(f),
the Companys obligation to make or provide payments or benefits under Section 8 will cease.

(j)Continuing
Operation. Except as specifically provided in this Section 13, the termination of Executives employment or of this
Agreement will have no effect on the continuing operation of this Section 13.

14.Concurrent
Entry into Ancillary Agreements. As a condition to Executives employment hereunder, on or before the Effective Date, Executive
will enter into each of the Invention Assignment Agreement and Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims, in each case, pursuant to the Companys
standard form agreements.

15.No
Duty to Mitigate. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein with respect to early termination of Benefit Continuation Coverage,
Executives entitlement to payments or benefits hereunder is not subject to mitigation or a duty to mitigate by Executive.

16.Amendment.
No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in a writing signed
by Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company, and such waiver is set forth in writing and signed by the party to be charged.

17.Invalidity.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.

18.Notice.
For the purposes of this Agreement, unless otherwise provided herein, all notices, demands, requests, elections, consents, approvals and
all other communications provided for in this Agreement will be in writing and must be given by (1) hand delivery; (2) United
States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; (3) a recognized overnight courier service providing
confirmation of delivery; or (4) email; provided that any email transmission is promptly confirmed by a responsive electronic
communication by the recipient thereof or receipt is otherwise clearly evidenced (excluding out-of-office replies or other automatically
generated responses). Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following street addresses or email addresses
(or at such other street address or email address for a party as shall be specified for such purpose in a notice given in accordance with
this Section 18) (it being understood that rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed
street address or email address of which no notice was given in accordance with this Section 18 shall be deemed to be receipt
of such communication as of the date of such rejection, refusal or inability to deliver):

If to Executive:

[Address on file with the Company]

If to the Company:

Upbound Group, Inc.

5501 Headquarters Dr.

Plano, TX 75024

Telephone number: (972) 624-6773

Email: bryan.pechersky@upbound.com

Attention: General Counsel

11

19.Successors
and Beneficiaries.

(a)Successors
of the Company. The Company may assign this Agreement, without Executives consent, to any of its Affiliates or to any other
respective successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company. In any such event, the term Company, as used herein shall mean the Company
and any such successor to, or assignee of, its business and/or assets.

(b)Executives
Beneficiary. For the purposes hereof, Executives beneficiary will be the person or persons designated as such in a written
beneficiary designation filed with the Company, which may be revoked or revised in the same manner at any time prior to Executives
death. In the absence of a properly filed written beneficiary designation or if no designated beneficiary survives Executive, Executives
estate will be deemed to be the beneficiary hereunder.

20.Nonassignability.
With the exception of Executives beneficiary designation, neither Executive nor Executives beneficiary may pledge, transfer
or assign in any way the right to receive payments or benefits hereunder, and any attempted pledge, transfer or assignment shall be void
and of no force or effect.

21.Legal
Fees to Enforce Rights after a Change in Control. If, following a Change in Control, the Company fails to comply with any of its obligations
under this Agreement or the Company takes any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable or institutes any litigation or other
legal action designed to deny, diminish or to recover from Executive (or Executives beneficiary) the payments and benefits intended
to be provided, then Executive (or Executives beneficiary, as the case may be) shall be entitled to select and retain counsel at
the expense of the Company to represent Executive (or Executives beneficiary) in connection with the good faith initiation or defense
of any litigation or other legal action, whether by or against the Company or any director, officer, stockholder or other person affiliated
with the Company or any successor thereto in any jurisdiction.

22.Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the State of Texas, excluding its conflict of law rules. Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be subject
to arbitration in accordance with the Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims or any comparable agreement to arbitrate between the parties,
in each case, which is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, as entered into in connection herewith; provided, however,
that the parties may pursue temporary and/or preliminary individual injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction within the
districts that include Collin County, Texas, because the award to which the party may be entitled in arbitration may be rendered ineffectual
without such relief. Any such action shall not constitute a waiver of the parties agreement to arbitrate by any party. In all other
respects the Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims between the parties, which is incorporated herein by reference, shall control. Any suit
for temporary and/or preliminary injunctive relief will be brought in the federal or state courts in the districts which include Collin
County, Texas, and you hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue thereof. To the extent permitted by law, Executive
and the Company waive any rights to a jury trial with respect to any controversy or claim between Executive and the Company arising out
of or relating to or concerning this Agreement.

12

23.Compliance
with Section 409A Deferral Requirements.

(a)It
is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement shall be exempt from or comply with, and avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty
or interest under, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and the final Treasury
regulations promulgated thereunder to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted
consistent with that intent.

(b)If
Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) as of the date
of the termination of his employment with the Company, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payment that constitutes nonqualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and which would be payable upon Executives separation
from service until the earlier of (1) the date which is six (6) months after his separation from service (within the meaning
of Section 409A of the Code) for any reason other than death, or (2) the date of Executives death; provided, that
this paragraph shall only apply if, and to the extent, required to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest pursuant to Section 409A
of the Code. Any amounts otherwise payable to Executive upon or in the six (6) month period following Executives separation
from service that are not so paid by reason of this paragraph shall be paid (without interest) within thirty (30) days after the date
that is six (6) months after Executives separation from service (provided that in the event of Executives death after
such separation from service but prior to payment, then such payment shall be made within thirty (30) days after the date of Executives
death).

(c)Any
reimbursement payment or in-kind benefit due to Executive under this Agreement, to the extent that such reimbursements or in-kind benefits
are taxable to him, shall be paid on or before the last day of Executives taxable year following the taxable year in which the
related expense was incurred. Reimbursements and in-kind benefits pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to liquidation or exchange
for another benefit, and the provision of in-kind benefits during one calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided
in any other calendar year.

(d)For
purposes of Section 409A of the Code, Executives right to receive any installment payments hereunder shall be treated as a
right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference
to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination), the actual date of payment
within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company.

24.Section 280G.
In the event that any payments or benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (collectively, the Payments)
(1) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (2) but for this Section 24,
would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Payments will be either (x) delivered in full
or (y) delivered as to such lesser extent that would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to excise tax under Section 4999
of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income and employment taxes
and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (and any equivalent state or local excise taxes), results in the receipt by
Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of Payments, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be
taxable under Section 4999 of the Code.

13

25.Withholding.
The Company and its Affiliates may withhold from any and all amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state and local taxes
as may be required to be withheld pursuant to applicable law or regulation.

26.Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein
and supersedes all prior agreements, term sheets, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether
oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereto in respect of such subject matter, other than the Loyalty
and Confidentiality Agreement between Executive and the Company (Loyalty Agreement), the Invention Assignment Agreement,
the Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims and any equity agreements in which Executive is a participant on the Commencement Date. Any other
prior agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein, including, without limitation, the Executive
Transition Agreement by and between Executive and the Company, dated October 31, 2022, is hereby terminated and cancelled as of the
Commencement Date, other than the Loyalty Agreement, the Invention Assignment Agreement, the Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims and
any equity agreements in which Executive is a participant on the Commencement Date.

27.Captions;
Section Headings. Captions and section headings used herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement and
shall not be used in construing it.

28.Certain
Defined Terms. The following terms have the following meanings when used in this Agreement.

(a)Accrued
Compensation means, as of any date, (1) the unpaid amount, if any, of Executives previously earned Base Salary,
(2) the unpaid amount, if any, of the bonus earned by Executive for the preceding year, and (3) additional payments or benefits,
if any, earned by Executive under and in accordance with any employee plan, program or arrangement of or with the Company or an Affiliate
(other than this Agreement).

(b)Affiliate
means an entity at least fifty (50%) of the voting, capital or profits interests of which are owned directly or indirectly by the Company.

(c)Benefit
Continuation Coverage means if Executive timely elects and maintains continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA) for Executive and his eligible dependents, as applicable, the Company will
pay Executive a monthly amount equal to the amount it contributes from time to time to group medical, dental and/or vision insurance premiums
(as applicable) for similarly situated active employees until the earlier of (1) twenty-four (24) months following the Date of Termination
or (2) the date upon which Executive begins other employment that provides for comparable health coverage benefits. However, if the
Company determines in its sole discretion exercised in reasonable good faith that it cannot provide the COBRA benefits without potentially
violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company and Executive
will coordinate in good faith to restructure such benefit.

14

(d)Change
in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

(e)Pro
Rata Bonus means (1) if the termination is in conjunction with a Change in Control, Executives target annual bonus
or (2) if such termination is not in conjunction with a Change in Control, Executives annual bonus, if any, earned by Executive
for the year of termination based on actual performance, in each case, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number
of days elapsed from the beginning of the calendar year in which Executives employment terminates until the Date of Termination,
and the denominator of which is 365 (or 366 if a leap year).

(f)Salary and
Bonus means, as of the effective date of the termination of Executives employment with the Company and its Affiliates,
the sum of: (1) Executives highest annual rate of salary at any time during the preceding twenty-four (24) months, and (2) Executives
target bonus amount for the calendar year in which such termination occurs.

29.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement will become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken
together, will bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Any signature on this Agreement delivered
by photographic, electronic or PDF copy shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto.

[Signature page follows]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

UPBOUND GROUP, INC.

/s/ Transient Taylor 

By: Transient Taylor 

Title: Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer 

Date: February 19, 2025 

FAHMI KARAM 

/s/ Fahmi Karam 

Date: February 19, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

UPBOUND
GROUP, INC. REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2024 RESULTS

Total
Revenue of $1,079 million for Fourth Quarter and $4.3 billion for Full Year

GAAP
Diluted EPS $0.55 for Fourth Quarter and $2.21 for Full Year

Non-GAAP
Diluted EPS1$1.05 for Fourth Quarter
and $3.83 for Full Year

Plano, Texas,
February 20, 2025 - Upbound Group, Inc. (the "Company" or "Upbound") (NASDAQ:UPBD) today announced
results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2024. The earnings release, financial tables and related materials can be found
on the Company's investor relations website at https://investor.upbound.com.

Today at 9 a.m. ET,
Mitch Fadel, Chief Executive Officer, and Fahmi Karam, Chief Financial Officer, will host a conference call to review the financial results
and provide 2025 outlook. Interested parties can access a live webcast of the conference call via this link (webcast link)
or through the Company's investor relations website.

About Upbound Group, Inc.

Upbound Group, Inc.
(NASDAQ: UPBD), is a technology and data-driven leader in accessible and inclusive financial solutions that address the evolving needs
and aspirations of underserved consumers. The Companys customer-facing operating units include industry-leading brands such as
Acima, Brigit, and Rent-A-Center that facilitate consumer transactions across a wide range of store-based and digital
channels, including over 2,300 company branded retail units across the United States, Mexico and Puerto Rico. Upbound Group, Inc.
is headquartered in Plano, Texas. For additional information about the Company, please visit our website Upbound.com.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This release and the Company's related conference
call contain certain financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP), including (1) Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (net earnings or loss, as adjusted for special items (as defined below),
net of taxes, divided by the number of shares of our common stock on a fully diluted basis) and (2) other non-GAAP financial measures
explained in the Companys other quarterly earnings disclosures. Special items refers to certain gains and charges
we view as extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring in nature or which we believe do not reflect our core business activities, and are
reported as Other Gains and Charges in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

For the periods presented herein, these special
items are described in the quantitative reconciliation table included below in this release. Because of the inherent uncertainty related
to these special items, management does not believe it is able to provide a meaningful forecast of the comparable GAAP measures or reconciliation
to any forecasted GAAP measure without unreasonable effort. These non-GAAP measures are additional tools intended to assist our management
in comparing our performance on a more consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items
management believes do not directly reflect our core operations. These measures are intended to assist management in evaluating operating
performance and liquidity, comparing performance and liquidity across periods, planning and forecasting future business operations, helping
determine levels of operating and capital investments and identifying and assessing additional trends potentially impacting our Company
that may not be shown solely by comparisons of GAAP measures. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is also used as part of our incentive compensation
program for our executive officers and others. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures also provide supplemental information that
is useful to investors, analysts and other external users of our consolidated financial statements in understanding our financial results
and evaluating our performance and liquidity from period to period. However, non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and
are not substitutes for, or superior to, GAAP financial measures, and they should be read together with our consolidated financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP. Further, because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare
such measures to the non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies, even if they have the same or similar names.

1
Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to definitions and reconciliations included in this release.

1

Exhibit 1 - Reconciliation of diluted
earnings per share to Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share

Three Months Ended December 31, 2024 Diluted Earnings

Per Share 

GAAP Results $ 0.55 

Plus: Special Items(1) 

Acima acquired assets depreciation and amortization 0.21 

Legal matters 0.06 

Transaction Fees 0.05 

Accelerated stock compensation 0.02 

Discrete income tax items 0.16 

Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 1.05 

(1) Additional details of Special items are included in Table 6
(Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Net Earnings Excluding Special Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share) of the fourth
quarter 2024 earnings release dated February 20, 2025, which can be found on the Company's investor relations website as noted above.

Year Ended December 31, 2024 Diluted Earnings

Per Share 

GAAP Results $ 2.21 

Plus: Debt refinancing fees 0.08 

Plus: Special Items(1) 

Acima acquired assets depreciation and amortization 0.82 

Legal matters 0.22 

Acima equity consideration vesting 0.11 

Accelerated software depreciation 0.08 

Asset Impairments 0.08 

Accelerated stock compensation 0.06 

Transaction Fees 0.05 

Other 0.02 

Discrete income tax items 0.10 

Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 3.83 

(1) Additional details of Special items are included in Table 8
(Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Net Earnings Excluding Special Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share) of the fourth
quarter 2024 earnings release dated February 20, 2025, which can be found on the Company's investor relations website as noted above.

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Total
Revenue
CEO Commentary
Im very pleased to share these
results after a milestone year for
Upbound in 2024. Across our
business, we welcomed new
customers and merchants to our lease-to-own ecosystem, resulting in 8.2%
topline growth and nearly 8% non-GAAP diluted EPS growth. Acimas
momentum continued, as it delivered
over 17% growth this year on both
GMV and revenue, while generating its
largest-ever adjusted EBITDA. Rent-A-Center grew same store sales at 1.5%,
and we welcomed Brigit, a profitable,
industry-leading fintech with over two
million customers, noted Upbound
CEO Mitch Fadel.
In 2025, we will focus on building on
our growth, through diversification and
optimization strategies to deliver
revenue, EBITDA and earnings results
in line with our long-term targets.
Consistent with our mission, we will
also continue to elevate our customers
financial opportunity, which we believe
will firmly establish Upbound as a
leading platform for convenient and
flexible financial solutions to
underserved communities, concluded
Mr. Fadel.
Achieves FY 2024 Targets for Revenue,
Adjusted EBITDA, and Non-GAAP Diluted EPS
Upbound Group, Inc. Earnings Release
February 20, 2025
Fourth Quarter 2024 Results & Key Metrics
Fourth Quarter Consolidated Results
Consolidated revenues of $1,079.2 million increased 6.0% year-over-year, driven by both higher rentals and fees revenue and higher
merchandise sales revenue.
GAAP operating profit of $79.2 million, including $24.7 million of pre-tax
costs relating to special items described below, compared to $55.9
million of GAAP operating profit, including $32.5 million of pre-tax costs
relating to special items, in the prior year period. Fourth quarter 2024
GAAP operating profit margin was 7.3%, compared to 5.5% in the prior
year period.
Consolidated lease charge-off (LCO) rate of 7.3%, a 20 bps
improvement from the prior year period and a 10 bps improvement
sequentially.
Net earnings on a GAAP basis of $31.0 million, compared to a $11.3
million net loss in the prior year period, a $42.3 million increase. Net
profit margin of 2.9% increased 400 bps year-over-year.
Adjusted EBITDA1
increased 14.1% year-over-year to $122.8 million,
due to increases in Adjusted EBITDA in both the Acima and Rent-A-Center segments.
Adjusted EBITDA margin1
of 11.4% increased 80 basis points
compared to the prior year period, due to an increase in Adjusted
EBITDA margin1
in the Rent-A-Center segment, partially offset by a
decrease in Adjusted EBITDA margin1
in the Acima segment.
GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.55, compared to GAAP loss
per share of $(0.21) in the prior year period.
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share1
, which excludes the impact of
special items described below, was $1.05 for the fourth quarter of 2024,
compared to $0.81 in the prior year period.
Acima GMV Propels Topline and Earnings Growth;
Upbound Acquires Brigit in Q1 2025
1
(1)Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to definitions and reconciliations
elsewhere in this release.
$1,079M
Total
Revenue
GAAP
Diluted EPS
$0.55
Non-GAAP
Diluted EPS1
Net Earnings
$31M
Adjusted
EBITDA1
$123M $1.05

Acima Segment
Fourth Quarter Results
GMV increased 15.3% year-over-year, the fifth
consecutive quarter of double-digit GMV growth.
Growth in GMV was primarily due to an increase in
retailer locations, retailer productivity, and our
expanding direct-to-consumer offerings.
Revenues of $581.1 million increased 14.4% year-over-year, driven by increases in both rentals and fees
revenue and merchandise sales revenue.
Rentals and fees revenue increased 12.5% year-over-year and merchandise sales increased 21.3% year-over-year.
Gross margin decreased 260 bps year-over-year due
primarily to merchandise sales representing a larger
percentage of revenue, a result of more consumers
electing the 90-day purchase option, and the
conversion of Acceptance Now locations to the Acima
platform.
Lease charge-offs (LCO) were 9.0%, improving 90 bps
year-over-year and 20 bps sequentially.
Operating profit and net earnings on a GAAP basis
were $69.7 million with a margin of 12.0%, compared
to $64.0 million and 11.3% in the third quarter.
Adjusted EBITDA was $80.9 million with a margin of
13.9%, compared to $75.3 million and 13.3% in the
third quarter. The sequential increase in Adjusted
EBITDA margin was attributable to both higher gross
margins and operating expenses remaining roughly
flat despite growing revenue.
Retailer locations with at least one funded lease in the
quarter increased approximately 8% year-over-year in
Q4.
Rent-A-Center Segment
Fourth Quarter Results
Same store sales were flat year-over-year, an
improvement from a 1.6% decrease in the fourth
quarter of 2023.
Revenues of $444.0 million decreased 3.3% year-over-year, driven by lower rentals and fees
revenue on a smaller portfolio, a result of the sale
of 55 stores to a Rent-A-Center franchisee and
store consolidation.
Rentals and fees revenue decreased 3.3% year-over-year. Merchandise sales revenue increased
0.7% year-over-year.
Lease charge-offs (LCO) were 5.0%, increasing 80
bps y/y and 10 bps sequentially.
Operating profit and net earnings on a GAAP basis
were $69.7 million with a margin of 15.7%,
compared to $61.9 million and 13.5% in the prior
year period.
Adjusted EBITDA was $75.4 million with a margin
of 17.0% in the fourth quarter, compared to $66.7
million and 14.5% in the prior year period. The
year-over-year increase in Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin was due to lower
operating expenses.
As of December 31, 2024, the Rent-A-Center
segment owned and operated 1,728 locations,
roughly flat compared to the end of the third
quarter.
Segment Highlights
2

Segment Highlights (continued)
Franchising Segment Fourth Quarter Results
Revenues of $35.8 million increased 12.6% year-over-year due to
higher inventory sales, primarily a result of the sale of 55 Rent-A-Center
stores to a franchisee.
Segment net earnings, on a GAAP basis, and Adjusted EBITDA were
both approximately $4.5 million.
As of December 31, 2024, the company had 448 franchised locations.
Mexico Segment Fourth Quarter Results
Revenues of $18.3 million increased 9.2% year-over-year on a
constant currency basis.
Segment net earnings, on a GAAP basis, and Adjusted
EBITDA were approximately $0.7 million and $1.1 million,
respectively.
As of December 31, 2024, the Mexico segment owned and
operated 132 locations.
Corporate Segment Fourth Quarter Results
GAAP operating expenses decreased 8.7% year-over-year.
3

2024 Consolidated Results
4
Consolidated revenues of $4.3 billion increased 8.2% year-over-year
due to increases in both rentals and fees revenue and merchandise
sales revenue.
GAAP operating profit of $291.6 million, including $104.6 million of pre-tax costs relating to special items described below, compared to $162.9
million of GAAP operating profit, including $216.9 million of pre-tax costs
relating to special items, in the prior year period. GAAP operating profit
margin for the full year was 6.7%, compared to 4.1% in the prior year.
Consolidated lease charge-off (LCO) rate increased to 7.3%, up slightly
from 7.1% in the prior year.
Net earnings on a GAAP basis of $123.5 million, compared to a $5.2
million net loss in the prior year period. Net profit margin of 2.9%
increased 300 bps year-over-year.
Adjusted EBITDA increased 3.8% year-over-year to $473.2 million, due
to increases in Adjusted EBITDA in both the Acima and Rent-A-Center
segments.
Adjusted EBITDA margin of 11.0% decreased 40 basis
points compared to the prior year, driven primarily by a
decrease in Adjusted EBITDA margin in the Acima
segment, partially offset by an increase in Adjusted
EBITDA margin in the Rent-A-Center segment.
GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.21 compared to
GAAP loss per share of $(0.09) in the prior year.
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which excludes
the impact of special items described below, was $3.83
for the full year 2024, compared to $3.55 in the prior year.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the
Company returned $82.3 million of cash to
shareholders through a $1.48 per share
annualized dividend.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash
flow from operations was $104.7 million. As of
December 31, 2024, the value of cash and cash
equivalents was $60.9 million, debt outstanding
was $1.3 billion, liquidity was $489.2 million,
including $428.3 million of revolving credit
availability, and net debt to Adjusted EBITDA
ratio was 2.7x.1
(1)Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio is defined as
outstanding debt less cash and cash equivalents
divided by trailing twelve months Adjusted EBITDA,
which is a Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to
definitions and reconciliations elsewhere in this
presentation.

Full Year 2025 Financial Outlook
The Company is providing the following guidance for its 2025 fiscal
year. Due to the inherent uncertainty related to the special items
identified in the tables below, management does not believe it is
able to provide a meaningful forecast of the comparable GAAP
measures or reconciliation to any forecasted GAAP measure without
unreasonable effort. The actual amount of these items during 2025
may have a significant impact on our future GAAP results.
Conference Call and Webcast
Information
Upbound Group, Inc. will host a conference call to discuss fourth
quarter results, guidance and other operational matters on the
morning of Thursday, February 20, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. ET. For a live
webcast of the call, visit https://investor.upbound.com. Certain
financial and other statistical information that will be discussed during
the conference call will also be provided on the same website.
Table 1
Consolidated Guidance1 Full Year 2025 First Quarter 2025
Revenues ($B) $4.50 - $4.75 $1.05 - $1.15
Adj. EBITDA Excluding SBC ($M)2
$500 - $540 $120 - $130
Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share2
$3.90 - $4.40 $0.90 - $1.00
Free Cash Flow ($M)2
$150 - $200 $70 - $100
1. Consolidated includes Acima, Rent-A-Center, Brigit (for the 11 months following the
acquisition on January 31, 2025), Mexico, Franchising and Corporate Segments.
2. Non-GAAP financial measure. See descriptions below in this release.
CFO Commentary
Upbound delivered strong results in Q4,
which enabled our performance to meet
or exceed the annual guidance that we
raised throughout the year. We delivered
topline and bottomline growth in Q4 and
across 2024, while prudently and
tactically managing our risk profile to
finish in line with our targets, noted
Fahmi Karam, CFO.
Our capital allocation priorities
balanced investments for future growth
with capital returns to stakeholders.
During the year, we made investments
in our enterprise technology to enhance
our underwriting, streamline the
checkout journey, and multiply the points
of connection we have with our
customers. We also accelerated
Upbounds digital transformation with
the acquisition of Brigit, which was
closed and funded in early 2025 with the
revolver capacity that we had reserved
for opportunistic M&A. Concurrently, we
supported our dividend and announced
another increase this year of 5%.
In 2025, we expect to see stronger
cash flow that continues to support
investments in the business, and also an
ongoing commitment to reducing our
debt and strengthening our balance
sheet. We are well positioned to
continue the momentum we built in 2024
and drive shareholder value, concluded
Mr. Karam.
5

Table 2 Q4
2024
Q4
2023
Q3
Metrics ($'s Millions - except per share) 2024
Consolidated
Revenue $ 1,079.2 $ 1,018.1 $ 1,068.9
Revenue Y/Y % Change 6.0 % 2.8 % 9.2 %
GAAP Operating Profit $ 79.2 $ 55.9 $ 70.1
Net Earnings (Loss) $ 31.0 $ (11.3) $ 30.9
Net Profit Margin 2.9 % (1.1) % 2.9 %
Adj. EBITDA (1) $ 122.8 $ 107.6 $ 116.9
Adj. EBITDA Margin (1) 11.4 % 10.6 % 10.9 %
Lease Charge-Off Rate (5) 7.3 % 7.5 % 7.4 %
GAAP Operating Expenses as % of Total Revenue 39.8 % 44.9 % 41.3 %
GAAP Diluted EPS $ 0.55 $ (0.21) $ 0.55
Non-GAAP Diluted EPS (1) $ 1.05 $ 0.81 $ 0.95
On-Rent Rental Merchandise, Net $ 1,134.9 $ 1,109.9 $ 1,016.7
Net Cash Provided by (used in) Operating Activities $ (61.9) $ (19.7) $ 106.2
Free Cash Flow (1) $ (74.0) $ (36.9) $ 88.3
Rent-A-Center Segment
Lease Portfolio - Monthly Value (as of period end) (2) $ 136.8 $ 145.0 $ 132.2
Same Store Lease Portfolio Value (Y/Y % Change - as of period end) (3) (2.0) % 2.2 % (0.1) %
Same Store Sales (Y/Y % Change) (4) % (1.6) % 2.6 %
Revenue $ 444.0 $ 459.3 $ 458.7
Revenue Y/Y % Change (3.3) % (1.7) % 1.1 %
GAAP Operating Profit/GAAP Net Earnings $ 69.7 $ 61.9 $ 68.9
Net Profit Margin 15.7 % 13.5 % 15.0 %
Adj. EBITDA (1) $ 75.4 $ 66.7 $ 74.7
Adj. EBITDA Margin (1) 17.0 % 14.5 % 16.3 %
On-Rent Rental Merchandise, Net $ 420.4 $ 478.8 $ 393.4
Lease-Charge Off Rate (5) 5.0 % 4.2 % 4.9 %
30+ Day Past Due Rate (6) 3.4 % 3.1 % 3.4 %
Corporate Owned Store Count (U.S. & PR - as of period end) 1,728 1,839 1,726
Acima Segment
GMV (7) $ 547.8 $ 475.2 $ 436.1
GMV (Y/Y % Change) (7) 15.3 % 19.0 % 13.0 %
Revenue $ 581.1 $ 507.9 $ 566.2
Revenue Y/Y % Change 14.4 % 6.6 % 19.1 %
GAAP Operating Profit/GAAP Net Earnings $ 69.7 $ 60.4 $ 64.0
Net Profit Margin 12.0 % 11.9 % 11.3 %
Adj. EBITDA (1) $ 80.9 $ 75.0 $ 75.3
Adj. EBITDA Margin (1) 13.9 % 14.8 % 13.3 %
On-Rent Rental Merchandise, Net $ 693.1 $ 606.9 $ 602.3
Lease Charge-Off Rate (5) 9.0 % 9.9 % 9.2 %
60+ Day Past Due Rate (8) 13.3 % 13.0 % 13.4 %
Financial Highlights
*Please see footnotes on the following page.
Key Metrics
6

Financial Highlights (continued)
(1) Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the explanations and reconciliations elsewhere in this release.
(2) Lease Portfolio Value: Represents the aggregate dollar value of the expected monthly rental income associated with current active lease agreements from our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores and e-commerce platform at the end of any given period.
(3) Same Store Lease Portfolio Value: Represents the aggregate dollar value of the expected monthly rental income associated with current active lease agreements
from our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores that were operated by us for 13 months or more at the end of any given period. The Company excludes from the same
store base any store that receives a certain level of customer accounts from closed stores or acquisitions. The receiving store will be eligible for inclusion in the
same store base in the 30th full month following account transfer.
(4) Same Store Sales (SSS): Same store sales generally represents revenue earned in Rent-A-Center stores that were operated by us for 13 months or more and are
reported on a constant currency basis as a percentage of total revenue earned in stores of the segment during the indicated period. The Company excludes from
the same store sales base any store that receives a certain level of customer accounts from closed stores or acquisitions. The receiving store will be eligible for
inclusion in the same store sales base in the 30th full month following account transfer.
(5) Lease Charge-Offs (LCOs) (previously referred to as skip / stolen losses): Represents charge-offs of the net book value of unrecoverable on-rent merchandise with
lease-to-own customers who are past due. This is typically expressed as a percentage of revenues for the applicable period. For the Rent-A-Center segment, LCOs
exclude Get It Now and Home Choice locations.
(6) 30+ Days Past Due Rate: Defined as the average number of accounts 30+ days past due as a % of total open leases.
(7) Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV): The Company defines Gross Merchandise Volume as the retail value in U.S. dollars of merchandise acquired by the Acima
segment that is leased to customers through a transaction that occurs within a defined period, net of estimated cancellations as of the measurement date.
(8) 60+ Days Past Due Rate: Defined as the average number of accounts 60+ days past due as a % of total open leases.
7

Financial Highlights (continued)
Table 3 FY
2024
FY
Metrics ($'s Millions - except per share & store count data) 2023
Consolidated
Revenue $ 4,320.6 $ 3,992.4
Revenue Y/Y % Change 8.2 % (6.0) %
GAAP Operating Profit $ 291.6 $ 162.9
Net Earnings (Loss) $ 123.5 $ (5.2)
Net Profit Margin 2.9 % (0.1) %
Adj. EBITDA (1) $ 473.2 $ 455.7
Adj. EBITDA Margin (1) 11.0 % 11.4 %
Lease Charge-Off Rate (5) 7.3 % 7.1 %
GAAP Operating Expenses as % of Total Revenue 41.4 % 46.6 %
GAAP Diluted EPS $ 2.21 $ (0.09)
Non-GAAP Diluted EPS (1) $ 3.83 $ 3.55
On-Rent Rental Merchandise, Net $ 1,134.9 $ 1,109.9
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities $ 104.7 $ 200.3
Free Cash Flow (1) $ 48.4 $ 146.9
Rent-A-Center Segment
Lease Portfolio - Monthly Value (as of period end) (2) $ 136.8 $ 145.0
Same Store Lease Portfolio Value (Y/Y % Change - as of period end) (3) (2.0) % 2.2 %
Same Store Sales (Y/Y % Change) (4) 1.5 % (4.3) %
Revenue $ 1,863.4 $ 1,864.1
Revenue Y/Y % Change % (4.4) %
GAAP Operating Profit/GAAP Net Earnings $ 280.4 $ 273.5
Net Profit Margin 15.0 % 14.7 %
Adj. EBITDA (1) $ 308.1 $ 292.3
Adj. EBITDA Margin (1) 16.5 % 15.7 %
On-Rent Rental Merchandise, Net $ 420.4 $ 478.8
Lease-Charge Off Rate (5) 4.7 % 4.5 %
30+ Day Past Due Rate (6) 3.2 % 3.0 %
Corporate Owned Store Count (U.S. & PR - as of period end) 1,728 1,839
Acima Segment
GMV (7) $ 1,851.6 $ 1,581.4
GMV (Y/Y % Change) (7) 17.1 % (0.2) %
Revenue $ 2,261.4 $ 1,931.3
Revenue Y/Y % Change 17.1 % (8.5) %
GAAP Operating Profit/GAAP Net Earnings $ 255.5 $ 235.5
Net Profit Margin 11.3 % 12.2 %
Adj. EBITDA (1) $ 302.4 $ 294.2
Adj. EBITDA Margin (1) 13.4 % 15.2 %
On-Rent Rental Merchandise, Net $ 693.1 $ 606.9
Lease Charge-Off Rate (5) 9.4 % 9.3 %
60+ Day Past Due Rate (8) 13.0 % 13.3 %
Key Metrics
8
*Please see footnotes on the following page.

Financial Highlights (continued)
9
(1) Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the explanations and reconciliations elsewhere in this release.
(2) Lease Portfolio Value: Represents the aggregate dollar value of the expected monthly rental income associated with current active lease agreements from our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores and e-commerce platform at the end of any given period.
(3) Same Store Lease Portfolio Value: Represents the aggregate dollar value of the expected monthly rental income associated with current active lease agreements
from our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores that were operated by us for 13 months or more at the end of any given period. The Company excludes from the same
store base any store that receives a certain level of customer accounts from closed stores or acquisitions. The receiving store will be eligible for inclusion in the
same store base in the 30th full month following account transfer.
(4) Same Store Sales (SSS): Same store sales generally represents revenue earned in Rent-A-Center stores that were operated by us for 13 months or more and are
reported on a constant currency basis as a percentage of total revenue earned in stores of the segment during the indicated period. The Company excludes from
the same store sales base any store that receives a certain level of customer accounts from closed stores or acquisitions. The receiving store will be eligible for
inclusion in the same store sales base in the 30th full month following account transfer.
(5) Lease Charge-Offs (LCOs) (previously referred to as skip / stolen losses): Represents charge-offs of the net book value of unrecoverable on-rent merchandise with
lease-to-own customers who are past due. This is typically expressed as a percentage of revenues for the applicable period. For the Rent-A-Center segment, LCOs
exclude Get It Now and Home Choice locations.
(6) 30+ Days Past Due Rate: Defined as the average number of accounts 30+ days past due as a % of total open leases.
(7) Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV): The Company defines Gross Merchandise Volume as the retail value in U.S. dollars of merchandise acquired by the Acima
segment that is leased to customers through a transaction that occurs within a defined period, net of estimated cancellations as of the measurement date.
(8) 60+ Days Past Due Rate: Defined as the average number of accounts 60+ days past due as a % of total open leases. 

About Upbound Group, Inc
Upbound Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: UPBD), is a technology
and data-driven leader in accessible and inclusive financial
solutions that address the evolving needs and aspirations of
underserved consumers. The Companys customer-facing
operating units include industry-leading brands such as
Acima, Brigit, and Rent-A-Center that facilitate
consumer transactions across a wide range of store-based
and digital channels, including over 2,300 company
branded retail units across the United States, Mexico and
Puerto Rico. Upbound Group, Inc. is headquartered in
Plano, Texas.
For additional information about the Company, please visit
our website Upbound.com.
Investor Contact
Upbound Group, Inc.
Jeff Chesnut
SVP, IR & Corporate Development
972-801-1108
jeff.chesnut@upbound.com
10

Forward Looking Statements
This press release, and the guidance above and the Company's related conference call contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "could," "estimate,"
"predict," "continue," "maintain," "should," "anticipate," "believe," or confident, or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology and
including, among others, statements concerning (i) the Company's guidance for 2025 and future outlook, (ii) the impact of ongoing challenging
macroeconomic conditions on the Company's business operations, financial performance, and prospects, (iii) the future business prospects and financial
performance of the Company as a whole (which includes Bridge IT, Inc. (Brigit) following the closing of our acquisition of Brigit on January 31, 2025) and
our segments, (iv) the Companys growth strategies, (v) the Company's expectations, plans and strategy relating to its capital structure and capital
allocation, including any share repurchases under the Company's share repurchase program, (vi) the potential impact of legal proceedings, governmental
inquiries and investigations the Company is involved in, and (vii) other statements that are not historical facts. However, there can be no assurance that
such expectations will occur. The Company's actual future performance could differ materially and adversely from such statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the possibility that costs, difficulties or disruptions related to the integration of
Brigit operations into the Companys other operations will be greater than expected; (2) the possibility that the anticipated benefits from the Brigit acquisition
may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (3) the Companys ability to (i) effectively adjust to changes in the composition of its
offerings and product mix as a result of acquiring Brigit and continue to maintain the quality of existing offerings and (ii) successfully introduce other new
product or service offerings on a timely and cost-effective basis; (4) change in the Companys future cash requirements as a result of the Brigit acquisition,
whether caused by unanticipated increases in capital expenditures or working capital needs, unanticipated liabilities or otherwise; (5) the Companys ability
to retain the talent and dedication of key employees of Brigit (6) the general strength of the economy and other economic conditions affecting consumer
preferences, spending and payment behaviors, including the availability of credit to the Company's target consumers and to other consumers, impacts from
continued or renewed inflation, central bank monetary policy initiatives to address inflation concerns and a possible recession or slowdown in economic
growth; (7) factors affecting the disposable income available to the Company's current and potential customers; (8) changes in the unemployment rate; (9)
capital market conditions, including changes in interest rates and availability of funding sources for the Company; (10) changes in the Company's credit
ratings; (11) difficulties encountered in managing the financial and operational performance of the Company's multiple business segments; (12) risks
associated with pricing, value proposition and other changes to the Companys consumer offerings and strategies being deployed in the Company's
businesses; (13) the Company's ability to continue to effectively execute its strategic initiatives, including mitigating risks associated with any potential
additional mergers and acquisitions, or lease-to-own refranchising opportunities; (14) the Company's ability to identify potential acquisition candidates,
complete acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired companies, including Brigit; (15) failure to effectively manage the Company's operating labor and
non-labor operating expenses, including merchandise losses for our lease-to-own offerings; (16) disruptions caused by the operation of the Company's
information management systems or disruptions in the systems of the Company's host retailers or other third parties with whom the Company does
business; (17) risks related to the Company's virtual lease-to-own business, including the Company's ability to continue to develop and successfully
implement the necessary technologies; (18) the Company's ability to achieve the benefits expected from its integrated virtual and staffed third-party retailer
offering and to successfully grow this business segment; (19) exposure to potential operating margin degradation due to the higher cost of merchandise
and higher merchandise losses in the Company's Acima segment compared to our Rent-A-Center segment; (20) additional risks associated with the
Companys recently acquired Brigit business and its consumer products and services, including managing losses and payment defaults, regulatory,
licensing and other compliance risks, risks associated with Brigits reliance on regulated banks and on providers of third party data, technology and other
third-party service providers; and other new risks for our company; (21) litigation or administrative proceedings to which the Company is or may be a party
to from time to time and changes in estimates relating to litigation reserves including, in each case in connection with the regulatory and litigation matters
described in the Companys most recent Form 10-K or Form 10-Q; (22) the Companys compliance with applicable statutes and regulations governing the
Companys businesses, impacts from the enforcement of existing laws and regulations and the enactment of new laws and regulations adversely affecting
the Companys business, including in connection with the regulatory matters in which the Company is involved, and any legislative or other regulatory
enforcement efforts that seek to re-characterize store-based or virtual lease-to-own transactions as credit sales and to apply consumer credit laws and
regulations to the Companys lease-to-own business or to apply credit laws to Brigits consumer offerings; (23) the Company's transition to more readily
scalable cloud-based solutions; (24) the Company's ability to develop and successfully implement digital or e-commerce capabilities, including mobile
applications; (25) the Company's ability to protect its proprietary intellectual property; (26) the Company's ability or that of the Company's host retailers or
other third parties with whom the company does business to protect the integrity and security of customer, employee, supplier and host retailer or other
third party information, which may be adversely affected by hacking, computer viruses, or similar disruptions; (27) impairment of the Company's goodwill or
other intangible assets; (28) disruptions in the Company's supply chain; (29) limitations of, or disruptions in, the Company's distribution network; (30) rapid
inflation or deflation in the prices of the Company's lease-to-own products and other related costs; (31) allegations of product safety and quality control
issues, including recalls of goods the Company leases to customers; (32) the Company's ability to execute, as well as, the effectiveness of, lease-to-own
store consolidations, including the Company's ability to retain the revenue from customer accounts merged into another store location as a result of a store
consolidation; (33) the Company's available cash flow and its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to continue paying dividends; (34) increased
competition from traditional competitors, virtual lease-to-own competitors, online retailers, Buy-Now-Pay-Later, earned wage access and financial health
technology competitors and other fintech companies and other competitors, including subprime lenders; (35) the Company's ability to identify and
successfully market products and services that appeal to its current and future targeted customer segments and to accurately estimate the size of the total
addressable market; (36) consumer preferences and perceptions of the Company's brands; (37) the Companys ability to effectively provide consumers
with additional products and services beyond lease-to-own and products and services currently offered by Brigit, including through third party partnerships;
(38) the Company's ability to retain the revenue associated with acquired lease-to-own customer accounts and enhance the performance of acquired
stores; (39) the Company's ability to enter into new rental or lease purchase agreements and collect on existing rental or lease purchase agreements; (40)
changes in tariff policies, including any impacts from tariffs imposed by the current Presidential Administration on the price of imported goods, or consumer
prices overall or other financial impacts of such tariffs or any retaliatory tariffs enacted by U.S. trading partners on the Companys costs or target
consumers; (41) adverse changes in the economic conditions of the industries, countries or markets that the Company serves; (42) information technology
and data security costs; (43) the impact of any breaches in data security or other disturbances to the Company's information technology and other networks
(44) changes in estimates relating to self-insurance liabilities and income tax reserves; (45) changes in the Company's effective tax rate; (46) fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates; (47) the Company's ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls; and (48) the other risks detailed from time
to time in the Company's SEC reports, including but not limited to, its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in its
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, the Company is not obligated to publicly release any revisions
to these forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
11

Upbound Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - UNAUDITED
Table 4 Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023
Revenues
Rentals and fees $ 877,311 $ 840,639 $ 3,513,658 $ 3,261,678
Merchandise sales 148,045 126,510 624,735 541,766
Installment sales 16,551 18,439 60,884 63,630
Franchise merchandise sales 27,989 25,276 88,125 95,054
Royalty income and fees 6,199 5,780 24,738 24,416
Other 3,133 1,447 8,424 5,869
Total revenues 1,079,228 1,018,091 4,320,564 3,992,413
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees 347,445 313,499 1,355,539 1,199,161
Cost of merchandise sold 189,121 160,015 773,937 652,894
Cost of installment sales 6,467 6,638 22,523 22,997
Franchise cost of merchandise sold 27,957 25,337 88,214 95,103
Total cost of revenues 570,990 505,489 2,240,213 1,970,155
Gross profit 508,238 512,602 2,080,351 2,022,258
Operating expenses
Operating labor 142,217 153,068 609,169 613,538
Non-labor operating expenses 197,878 206,652 811,635 775,919
General and administrative expenses 52,249 51,272 212,450 201,706
Depreciation and amortization 12,025 13,219 50,886 51,321
Other gains and charges 24,714 32,496 104,580 216,909
Total operating expenses 429,083 456,707 1,788,720 1,859,393
Operating profit 79,155 55,895 291,631 162,865
Debt refinancing charges 6,604 
Interest expense 25,422 29,185 110,585 113,418
Interest income (646) (730) (3,099) (3,420)
Earnings before income taxes 54,379 27,440 177,541 52,867
Income tax expense 23,397 38,694 54,063 58,046
Net earnings (loss) $ 30,982 $ (11,254) $ 123,478 $ (5,179)
Basic weighted average shares 54,721 54,031 54,654 54,978
Basic earnings (loss) per common share $ 0.57 $ (0.21) $ 2.26 $ (0.09)
Diluted weighted average shares 56,112 54,031 55,933 54,978
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share $ 0.55 $ (0.21) $ 2.21 $ (0.09)
REVENUES BY SEGMENT
Acima $ 581,123 $ 507,904 $ 2,261,446 $ 1,931,325
Rent-A-Center 444,026 459,292 1,863,425 1,864,123
Mexico 18,261 19,099 78,726 74,625
Franchising 35,818 31,796 116,967 122,340
Total revenues $ 1,079,228 $ 1,018,091 $ 4,320,564 $ 3,992,413
12

Upbound Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries
SELECTED BALANCE SHEETS HIGHLIGHTS - UNAUDITED
Table 5 December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Cash and cash equivalents $ 60,860 $ 93,705
Receivables, net 156,438 111,005
Prepaid expenses and other assets 54,205 50,259
Rental merchandise, net
On rent 1,134,860 1,109,896
Held for rent 113,922 124,167
Operating lease right-of-use assets 265,537 289,702
Goodwill 290,189 289,750
Total assets 2,649,662 2,721,430
Operating lease liabilities $ 272,983 $ 293,435
Senior debt, net 867,726 866,707
Senior notes, net 441,890 439,920
Total liabilities 2,020,678 2,161,058
Total stockholders equity 628,984 560,372
13

Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This release and the Company's related conference call contain certain financial information determined by
methods other than in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), including (1)
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (net earnings or loss, as adjusted for special items (as defined below),
net of taxes, divided by the number of shares of our common stock on a fully diluted basis), (2) Adjusted
EBITDA (net earnings before interest, taxes, stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, as
adjusted for special items) on a consolidated and segment basis, (3) Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted
EBITDA divided by total revenue) on a consolidated and segment basis, (4) Free Cash Flow (net cash provided
by operating activities less capital expenditures), and (5) Net debt to adjusted EBITDA (outstanding debt less
cash and cash equivalents divided by trailing twelve months Adjusted EBITDA). Special items refers to
certain gains and charges we view as extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring in nature or which we believe do
not reflect our core business activities. Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the periods presented herein, these special items are described in
the quantitative reconciliation tables included below in this release. Because of the inherent uncertainty related
to these special items, management does not believe it is able to provide a meaningful forecast of the
comparable GAAP measures or reconciliation to any forecasted GAAP measure without unreasonable effort.
These non-GAAP measures are additional tools intended to assist our management in comparing our
performance on a more consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of
certain items management believes do not directly reflect our core operations. These measures are intended to
assist management in evaluating operating performance and liquidity, comparing performance and liquidity
across periods, planning and forecasting future business operations, helping determine levels of operating and
capital investments and identifying and assessing additional trends potentially impacting our Company that
may not be shown solely by comparisons of GAAP measures. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is also used as
part of our incentive compensation program for our executive officers and others. We believe these non-GAAP
financial measures also provide supplemental information that is useful to investors, analysts and other
external users of our consolidated financial statements in understanding our financial results and evaluating
our performance and liquidity from period to period. However, non-GAAP financial measures have inherent
limitations and are not substitutes for, or superior to, GAAP financial measures, and they should be read
together with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Further, because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare such measures to the non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies, even if they have the same or similar names.
14

Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Net Earnings Excluding
Special Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share
Table 6 Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands)
Gross
Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax
Tax
Expense
Net
Earnings
Diluted
Earnings
per Share
GAAP Results $ 508,238 $ 79,155 $ 54,379 $ 23,397 $ 30,982 $ 0.55
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(2)
14,899 14,899 3,407 11,492 0.21
Legal matters(3)
4,026 4,026 921 3,105 0.06
Transaction fees(4)
3,656 3,656 836 2,820 0.05
Accelerated stock compensation(5)
1,652 1,652 378 1,274 0.02
Asset impairments (16) (16) (4) (12) 
Other(6)
497 497 114 383 
Discrete income tax items (8,978) 8,978 0.16
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 508,238 $ 103,869 $ 79,093 $ 20,071 $ 59,022 $ 1.05
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in
Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization expense of approximately $11.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and
incremental depreciation expense of approximately $4.0 million related to the fair value of acquired software assets.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $2.5 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $1.6 million for regulatory lawsuits
with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and New York Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys General
regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(5) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
(6) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $0.4 million.
Table 7 Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands)
Gross
Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax
Tax
Expense
Net (Loss)
Earnings
Diluted
(Loss)
Earnings
per Share
GAAP Results $ 512,602 $ 55,895 $ 27,440 $ 38,694 $ (11,254) $ (0.21)
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima equity consideration vesting(2)
9,379 9,379 (33,055) 42,434 0.76
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(3)
18,233 18,233 15,228 3,005 0.05
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
4,609 4,609 4,356 253 
Legal matters 275 275 263 12 
Discrete income tax items (10,736) 10,736 0.19
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 512,602 $ 88,391 $ 59,936 $ 14,750 $ 45,186 $ 0.81
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in
Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock
agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting restrictions.
(3) Includes amortization expense of approximately $14.2 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and
incremental depreciation expense of approximately $4.0 million.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system
that was fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
15

Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Net Earnings Excluding
Special Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share
Table 8 Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands)
Gross
Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax
Tax
Expense
Net
Earnings
Diluted
Earnings
per Share
GAAP Results $ 2,080,351 $ 291,631 $ 177,541 $ 54,063 $ 123,478 $ 2.21
Plus: Debt refinancing charges 6,604 1,883 4,721 0.08
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(2)
61,347 61,347 15,656 45,691 0.82
Legal matters(3)
15,764 15,764 3,532 12,232 0.22
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
6,145 6,145 1,752 4,393 0.08
Asset impairments(5)
5,944 5,944 1,700 4,244 0.08
Accelerated stock compensation(6)
5,073 5,073 1,241 3,832 0.06
Acima equity consideration vesting(7)
4,893 4,893 (1,028) 5,921 0.11
Transaction fees(8)
3,656 3,656 836 2,820 0.05
Other(9)
1,758 1,758 435 1,323 0.02
Discrete income tax items (5,521) 5,521 0.10
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 2,080,351 $ 396,211 $ 288,725 $ 74,549 $ 214,176 $ 3.83
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in
Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization of approximately $45.5 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental
depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $10.7 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $5.1 million for regulatory
lawsuits with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and New York Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys
General regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system
used by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores, due to the transition to a new internally developed point-of-sale system
expected to be fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Includes lease impairments of approximately $5.3 million and fixed assets impairments of approximately $0.6 million.
(6) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive
Officer.
(7) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock
agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting restrictions.
(8) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(9) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $1.4 million.
16

Reconciliation of Net (Loss) Earnings to Net Earnings Excluding
Special Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share
Table 9 Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands)
Gross
Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax
Tax
Expense
Net (Loss)
Earnings
Diluted
(Loss)
Earnings
per Share
GAAP Results $ 2,022,258 $ 162,865 $ 52,867 $ 58,046 $ (5,179) $ (0.09)
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima equity consideration vesting(2)
137,507 137,507 (28,876) 166,383 2.95
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(3)
72,934 72,934 45,826 27,108 0.48
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
9,218 9,218 5,792 3,426 0.06
Legal matters 319 319 200 119 
Other(5)
(3,069) (3,069) (1,928) (1,141) (0.02)
Discrete income tax items (9,546) 9,546 0.17
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 2,022,258 $ 379,774 $ 269,776 $ 69,514 $ 200,262 $ 3.55
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in
Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock
agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting restrictions
(3) Includes amortization of approximately $57.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets, incremental
depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system
used by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores, due to the transition to a new internally developed point-of-sale system expected
to be fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Represents interest income on tax refunds of prior years received in 2023.
17

Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA
(Consolidated and by Segment)
Table 10 Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 69,653 $ 69,693 $ 667 $ 4,500 $ (113,531) $ 30,982
Plus: Interest expense, net 24,776 24,776
Plus: Income tax expense 23,397 23,397
Operating profit (loss) 69,653 69,693 667 4,500 (65,358) 79,155
Plus: Depreciation and amortization 352 5,390 427 33 5,823 12,025
Plus: Stock-based compensation 6,859 6,859
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(2) 10,927 3,972 14,899
Legal matters(3)
4,026 4,026
Transaction fees(4)
3,656 3,656
Accelerated stock compensation(5)
1,652 1,652
Asset impairments (16) (16)
Other(6)
360 137 497
Adjusted EBITDA $ 80,932 $ 75,427 $ 1,094 $ 4,533 $ (39,233) $ 122,753
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table
4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization expense of approximately $11.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and
incremental depreciation expense of approximately $4.0 million.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $2.5 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $1.6 million for regulatory lawsuits
with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and New York Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys General
regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(5) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
(6) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $0.4 million.
Table 11 Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 60,378 $ 61,880 $ 1,429 $ 3,807 $ (138,748) $ (11,254)
Plus: Interest expense, net 28,455 28,455
Plus: Income tax expense 38,694 38,694
Operating profit (loss) 60,378 61,880 1,429 3,807 (71,599) 55,895
Plus: Depreciation and amortization 398 4,852 326 36 7,607 13,219
Plus: Stock-based compensation 6,012 6,012
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(2) 14,262 3,971 18,233
Acima equity consideration vesting(3)
9,379 9,379
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
4,609 4,609
Legal matters 275 275
Adjusted EBITDA $ 75,038 $ 66,732 $ 1,755 $ 3,843 $ (39,746) $ 107,622
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table
4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization expense of approximately $14.2 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and
incremental depreciation expense of approximately $4.0 million.
(3) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock
agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting restrictions.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system that
was fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
18

Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA
(Consolidated and by Segment)
Table 12 Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands) Acima Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 255,549 $ 280,423 $ 4,806 $ 16,737 $ (434,037) $ 123,478
Plus: Interest expense, net 107,486 107,486
Plus: Income tax expense 54,063 54,063
Plus: Debt refinancing charges 6,604 6,604
Operating profit (loss) 255,549 280,423 4,806 16,737 (265,884) 291,631
Plus: Amortization, Depreciation 1,376 20,367 1,566 141 27,436 50,886
Plus: Stock-based compensation 26,108 26,108
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(2) 45,460 15,887 61,347
Legal matters(3)
15,764 15,764
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
6,145 6,145
Asset Impairment(5)
5,944 5,944
Accelerated stock compensation(6)
5,073 5,073
Acima equity consideration vesting(7)
4,893 4,893
Transaction fees(8)
3,656 3,656
Other(9)
1,384 374 1,758
Adjusted EBITDA $ 302,385 $ 308,118 $ 6,372 $ 16,878 $ (160,548) $ 473,205
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4
of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization of approximately $45.5 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental
depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $10.7 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $5.1 million for regulatory lawsuits
with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and New York Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys General
regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system used
by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores, due to the transition to a new internally developed point-of-sale system expected to be
fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Includes lease impairments of approximately $5.3 million and fixed assets impairments of approximately $0.6 million.
(6) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
(7) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock
agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting restrictions.
(8) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(9) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $1.4 million.
19

Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA
(Consolidated and by Segment)
Table 13 Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Acima Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 235,480 $ 273,518 $ 4,846 $ 17,087 $ (536,110) $ (5,179)
Plus: Interest expense, net 109,998 109,998
Plus: Income tax expense 58,046 58,046
Operating profit (loss) 235,480 273,518 4,846 17,087 (368,066) 162,865
Plus: Amortization, Depreciation 1,661 18,816 1,206 146 29,492 51,321
Plus: Stock-based compensation 24,609 24,609
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima equity consideration vesting(2)
137,507 137,507
Acima acquired assets depreciation
and amortization(3) 57,048 15,886 72,934
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
9,218 9,218
Legal matters 319 319
Other(5)
(3,069) (3,069)
Adjusted EBITDA $ 294,189 $ 292,334 $ 6,052 $ 17,233 $ (154,104) $ 455,704
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4
of this earnings release.
(2) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock
agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting restrictions.
(3) Includes amortization of approximately $57.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets, incremental
depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system used
by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores, due to the transition to a new internally developed point-of-sale system expected to be fully
deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Represents interest income on tax refunds of prior years received in 2023.
20

Reconciliation of Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating
Activities to Free Cash Flow
Table 14 Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023
Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities $ (61,945) $ (19,652) $ 104,721 $ 200,290
Purchase of property assets (12,083) (17,235) (56,275) (53,402)
Free cash flow $ (74,028) $ (36,887) $ 48,446 $ 146,888
21

Table 15 Q4
(in millions) 2024
Outstanding debt $ 1,327.3
Less: Cash and cash equivalents 60.9
Net debt 1,266.4
Adjusted EBITDA
Q1 2024 109.1
Q2 2024 124.5
Q3 2024 116.9
Q4 2024 122.8
Trailing twelve month Adjusted EBITDA $ 473.2
Net debt to adjusted EBITDA Ratio 2.7 x
(1) Additional details of Adjusted EBITDA are included in the Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Adjusted EBITDA (Consolidated and by
Segment) tables of our quarterly earnings releases which can be found on the Company's investor relations website.
Reconciliation of Leverage Ratio
22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.3

Fourth Quarter & Full Year
2024 Earnings Review
February 20, 2025

Disclosures
2
Forward-Looking Statements
This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, among others, statements regarding our goals, plans and
projections with respect to our operations, financial position and business strategy, including those related to the closing of our acquisition of Bridge IT, Inc. ("Brigit") on January 31, 2025. Such forward-looking
statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "could," "estimate," "predict," "continue," maintain, "should," "anticipate," "believe," or
confident, or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology. Such forward-looking statements are based on particular assumptions that our management has made in light of its experience and
its perception of expected future developments and other factors that it believes are appropriate under the circumstances, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute
to material and adverse differences between actual and anticipated results include, but are not limited to, (1) the possibility that costs, difficulties or disruptions related to the integration of Brigit operations into our
other operations will be greater than expected; (2) the possibility that the anticipated benefits from the Brigit acquisition may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (2) our ability to (i)
effectively adjust to changes in the composition of our offerings and product mix as a result of acquiring Brigit and continue to maintain the quality of existing offerings and (ii) successfully introduce other new
product or service offerings on a timely and cost-effective basis; (3) changes in our future cash requirements as a result of the Brigit acquisition, whether caused by unanticipated increases in capital expenditures
or working capital needs, unanticipated liabilities or otherwise; (4) our ability to retain the talent and dedication of key employees of Brigit; (5) the general strength of the economy and other economic conditions
affecting consumer preferences and spending, including the availability of credit to the Company's target consumers and to other consumers, impacts from continued inflation, central bank monetary policy
initiatives to address inflation concerns and a possible recession or slowdown in economic growth, and (6) the other risks detailed from time to time in the reports filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this communication. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not undertake to, publicly release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This communication contains certain financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), including (1) Non-GAAP diluted earnings
per share (net earnings or loss, as adjusted for special items (as defined below), net of taxes, divided by the number of shares of our common stock on a fully diluted basis), (2) Adjusted EBITDA (net earnings
before interest, taxes, stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted for special items) on a consolidated and segment basis, (3) Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA divided by
total revenue) on a consolidated and segment basis, (4) Free Cash Flow (net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures), (5) Net debt (outstanding debt less cash and cash equivalents), and
(6) Net leverage ratio (outstanding debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by trailing twelve months Adjusted EBITDA). Special items refers to certain gains and charges we view as extraordinary, unusual or
non-recurring in nature or which we believe do not reflect our core business activities. Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the periods
presented herein, these special items are described in the quantitative reconciliation tables included in the appendix of this presentation. Because of the inherent uncertainty related to these special items,
management does not believe it is able to provide a meaningful forecast of the comparable GAAP measures or reconciliation to any forecasted GAAP measure without unreasonable effort.
These non-GAAP measures are additional tools intended to assist our management in comparing our performance on a more consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of
certain items management believes do not directly reflect our core operations. These measures are intended to assist management in evaluating operating performance and liquidity, comparing performance and
liquidity across periods, planning and forecasting future business operations, helping determine levels of operating and capital investments and identifying and assessing additional trends potentially impacting our
Company that may not be shown solely by comparisons of GAAP measures. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is also used as part of our incentive compensation program for our executive officers and others.
We believe these non-GAAP financial measures also provide supplemental information that is useful to investors, analysts and other external users of our consolidated financial statements in understanding our
financial results and evaluating our performance and liquidity from period to period. However, non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and are not substitutes for, or superior to, GAAP financial
measures, and they should be read together with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Further, because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be
possible to compare such measures to the non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies, even if they have the same or similar names.
Note that all sources in this presentation are from Company reports and Company estimates unless otherwise noted.

1.5% 
Same Store Sales2
Growth
26%
Revenue from e-commerce channel
17.1% 
Y/Y GMV1
and revenue growth
25%+
Y/Y application growth
9.5% 
Y/Y increase in locations with at least one
funded lease
5%+
Quarterly dividend increase to $0.39
per share, or $1.56 annualized
+$5M
Estimated annual interest savings from
TLB refinancing achieved, alongside
refresh of 5-year ABL maturity
+Brigit
Definitive agreement to acquire leading
financial health technology company,
closed in 2025
1,728
Year-end company-owned store count, a 6%
y/y reduction that optimizes retail footprint
2024 Year in Review
1 The Company defines Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV) as the retail value in U.S. dollars of merchandise acquired by the Acima segment that is leased to customers through a transaction that occurs within a defined period, net of
estimated cancellations as of the measurement date.
2 Same Store Sales (SSS): Same store sales generally represents revenue earned in Rent-A-Center stores that were operated by us for 13 months or more and are reported on a constant currency basis as a percentage of total revenue
earned in stores of the segment during the indicated period. The Company excludes from the same store sales base any store that receives a certain level of customer accounts from closed stores or acquisitions. The receiving store will be
eligible for inclusion in the same store sales base in the 30th full month following account transfer. 3

$1.05
Non-GAAP Diluted EPS2
+$0.24 y/y
+29.6% y/y
$0.55
GAAP Diluted EPS
+$0.76 y/y
$31.0 million
Net Income
+$42.3 million y/y
$122.8 million
Adjusted EBITDA2
+14.1% y/y
Q4 Consolidated Financial Highlights
$1.1 billion
Consolidated Revenue
+6.0% y/y
7.3%
Lease Charge-Off Rate1
-20 bps y/y
1 Lease Charge-Offs (LCOs) (previously referred to as skip / stolen losses): Represents charge-offs of the net book value of unrecoverable on-rent merchandise with lease-to-own customers who are past due. This is typically expressed as a percentage of revenues for the
applicable period. For the Rent-A-Center segment, LCOs exclude Get-It-Now and Home Choice locations.
2 Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to definitions and reconciliations elsewhere in this presentation. 4

$3.83
Non-GAAP Diluted EPS2
+$0.28 y/y
+7.9% y/y
$2.21
GAAP Diluted EPS
+$2.30 y/y
$123.5 million
Net Income
+$128.7 million y/y
$473.2 million
Adjusted EBITDA2
+3.8% y/y
2024 Consolidated Financial Highlights
$4.3 billion
Consolidated Revenue
+8.2% y/y
7.3%
Lease Charge-Off Rate1
+20 bps y/y
1 Lease Charge-Offs (LCOs) (previously referred to as skip / stolen losses): Represents charge-offs of the net book value of unrecoverable on-rent merchandise with lease-to-own customers who are past due. This is typically expressed as a percentage of revenues for the
applicable period. For the Rent-A-Center segment, LCOs exclude Get-It-Now and Home Choice locations.
2 Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to definitions and reconciliations elsewhere in this presentation. 5

2025 Strategic Priorities
6
Customer Focus Drives
Repeat Business
Broaden Marketplace merchant roster
and streamline the LTO experience for
returning customers
Merchant Growth Through
Digital Advancements
Expand and deepen retailer
relationships across traditional and
emerging categories and channels
Improving Margins
Focus on operational efficiencies and
underwriting discipline, to realize scale
benefits of virtual platform
Maintain Momentum
Expand the existing growth
trajectory by adding new
customers and service tiers
Capital and Cost Efficiency
Leverage tech-enabled processes to
grow online fulfillment and optimize
the cost-to-serve
Underwriting and Risk
Management
Prudently and tactically manage risk
profile both online and in-store with
new data and models
Digital Evolution
Enhance customer experience and
optimize omni-channel execution to
improve web conversion
New Products
Supplement the current growth curve
with new products that expand the
TAM and address incremental use
cases
Collaboration
Accelerate Brigits growth by cross-marketing products to RAC and
Acima customer universe

Acima Q4 Highlights
7
Acima GMV Trend ($M)
Acima LCO and Past Due Rates1
Trends
1 Defined as the average accounts 60+ days past due as a percentage of total open leases. 60+ past due rates normalized to exclude large retailers that are no longer on Acimas platform.
Rental Revenue by Product Category

Rent-A-Center Q4 Highlights
8
Rent-A-Center Portfolio1,2 Per Store ($000's) and Same Store Sales Trends
Rent-A-Center LCO and Past Due Rates2,3 Trends
1 Lease Portfolio Value: Represents the aggregate dollar value of the expected monthly rental income associated with current active lease agreements from our
Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores and e-commerce platform at the end of any given period.
2 Portfolio Value and Past Due charts exclude Get-it-Now and Home Choice branded stores.
3 Past due rate is defined as the average accounts 30+ days past due as a percentage of total open leases.
Rental Revenue by Product Category

2024 Year-End Capital Allocation & Financial Position
$489.2 million
Liquidity1
$56.3 million
FY 2024 CapEx
$82.3 million
FY 2024 Dividends Paid
$1.3 billion
Net Debt1,2
2.7x
Net Leverage Ratio3
2.0x
Target Net Leverage Ratio3
9
All figures except CapEx and dividends paid, which represent expenditures for the full year, are as of year-end 2024.
1 Liquidity and net debt as of February 18, 2025 were approximately $208 million and $1.5 billion, respectively, post-Brigit acquisition.
2 Net debt is defined as outstanding debt less cash and cash equivalents.
3 Net leverage ratio is defined as outstanding debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by trailing twelve months Adjusted EBITDA, which is a Non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to definitions and reconciliations elsewhere in this presentation.

Full Year 2025 Guidance
10
Topline growth drives strong Adjusted EBITDA and EPS expansion in FY 2025
1. Consolidated includes Acima, Rent-A-Center, Brigit (for the 11 months following the acquisition on January 31, 2025), Mexico, Franchising and Corporate Segments.
2. Non-GAAP financial measure. See descriptions elsewhere in this presentation.
Consolidated Guidance1 Full Year 2025 First Quarter 2025
Revenues ($B) $4.50 - $4.75 $1.05 - $1.15
Adj. EBITDA Excluding SBC ($M)2
$500 - $540 $120 - $130
Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share2
$3.90 - $4.40 $0.90 - $1.00
Free Cash Flow ($M)2
$150 - $200 $70 - $100
GMV and
Customer
Growth
Revenue
Growth
Disciplined
Underwriting
Earnings
Growth
Capital
Allocation
Priorities

Key Takeaways
Delivered virtually with
increasing scale
Digital Acima and Brigit
models expand access to
more consumers through
over 35k retailer locations,
growing DTC marketplace,
and top-rated fintech
platform
Paired with prudent
risk management
Disciplined, tactical
approach to
underwriting and risk
management enables
responsible growth
Innovation into
complementary financial
solutions
Focus on innovation
enhances Upbound's
offerings for existing and
new customers, amplified
by acquisition of Brigit

Provides foundation
for earnings growth
Topline growth paired
with focus on efficiency
drives opportunities for
robust earnings growth
Transformative year strengthens foundation for Upbound's growing, digital-first platform supporting the underserved consumer
11

Appendix

Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Net Earnings Excluding Special
Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share
13
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands) Gross Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax Tax Expense Net Earnings
Diluted
Earnings per
Share
GAAP Results $ 508,238 $ 79,155 $ 54,379 $ 23,397 $ 30,982 $ 0.55
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(2)
14,899 14,899 3,407 11,492 0.21
Legal matters(3)
4,026 4,026 921 3,105 0.06
Transaction fees(4)
3,656 3,656 836 2,820 0.05
Accelerated stock compensation(5)
1,652 1,652 378 1,274 0.02
Asset impairments (16) (16) (4) (12) 
Other(6)
497 497 114 383 
Discrete income tax items (8,978) 8,978 0.16
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 508,238 $ 103,869 $ 79,093 $ 20,071 $ 59,022 $ 1.05
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Supplemental Segment Performance Details - GAAP included on page 22 of this presentation.
(2) Includes amortization expense of approximately $11.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental depreciation expense of approximately
$4.0 million related to the fair value of acquired software assets.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $2.5 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $1.6 million for regulatory lawsuits with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
and New York Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys' General regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(5) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
(6) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $0.4 million.

Reconciliation of Net (Loss) to Net Earnings Excluding Special
Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Gross Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax Tax Expense
Net (Loss)
Earnings
Diluted (Loss)
Earnings per
Share
GAAP Results $ 512,602 $ 55,895 $ 27,440 $ 38,694 $ (11,254) $ (0.21)
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima equity consideration vesting(2)
9,379 9,379 (33,055) 42,434 0.76
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(3)
18,233 18,233 15,228 3,005 0.05
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
4,609 4,609 4,356 253 
Legal matters 275 275 263 12 
Discrete income tax items (10,736) 10,736 0.19
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 512,602 $ 88,391 $ 59,936 $ 14,750 $ 45,186 $ 0.81
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Supplemental Segment Performance Details - GAAP included on page 22 of this presentation.
(2) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds
subject to vesting restrictions.
(3) Includes amortization expense of approximately $14.2 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental depreciation expense of approximately
$4.0 million.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system that was fully deployed in the third quarter of
2024.
14

Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Net Earnings Excluding Special
Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share
15
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands) Gross Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax Tax Expense Net Earnings
Diluted
Earnings per
Share
GAAP Results $ 2,080,351 $ 291,631 $ 177,541 $ 54,063 $ 123,478 $ 2.21
Plus: Debt refinancing charges 6,604 1,883 4,721 0.08
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(2)
61,347 61,347 15,656 45,691 0.82
Legal matters(3)
15,764 15,764 3,532 12,232 0.22
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
6,145 6,145 1,752 4,393 0.08
Asset impairments(5)
5,944 5,944 1,700 4,244 0.08
Accelerated stock compensation(6)
5,073 5,073 1,241 3,832 0.06
Acima equity consideration vesting(7)
4,893 4,893 (1,028) 5,921 0.11
Transaction fees(8)
3,656 3,656 836 2,820 0.05
Other(9)
1,758 1,758 435 1,323 0.02
Discrete income tax items (5,521) 5,521 0.10
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 2,080,351 $ 396,211 $ 288,725 $ 74,549 $ 214,176 $ 3.83
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization of approximately $45.5 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $10.7 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $5.1 million for regulatory lawsuits with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
and New York Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys General regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system used by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores,
due to the transition to a new internally developed point-of-sale system expected to be fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Includes lease impairments of approximately $5.3 million and fixed assets impairments of approximately $0.6 million.
(6) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
(7) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds
subject to vesting restrictions.
(8) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(9) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $1.4 million.

Reconciliation of Net (Loss) Earnings to Net Earnings Excluding
Special Items and Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Gross Profit
Operating
Profit
Earnings
Before
Income Tax
Tax Expense
(Benefit)
Net (Loss)
Earnings
Diluted (Loss)
Earnings per
Share
GAAP Results $ 2,022,258 $ 162,865 $ 52,867 $ 58,046 $ (5,179) $ (0.09)
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima equity consideration vesting(2)
137,507 137,507 (28,876) 166,383 2.95
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(3)
72,934 72,934 45,826 27,108 0.48
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
9,218 9,218 5,792 3,426 0.06
Legal matters 319 319 200 119 
Other(5)
(3,069) (3,069) (1,928) (1,141) (0.02)
Discrete income tax items (9,546) 9,546 0.17
Non-GAAP Adjusted Results $ 2,022,258 $ 379,774 $ 269,776 $ 69,514 $ 200,262 $ 3.55
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to
vesting restrictions
(3) Includes amortization of approximately $57.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets, incremental depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system used by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores, due to the
transition to a new internally developed point-of-sale system expected to be fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Represents interest income on tax refunds of prior years received in 2023.
16

Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA
(Consolidated and by Segment)
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands) Acima Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 69,653 $ 69,693 $ 667 $ 4,500 $ (113,531) $ 30,982
Plus: Interest expense, net 24,776 24,776
Plus: Income tax expense 23,397 23,397
Operating profit (loss) 69,653 69,693 667 4,500 (65,358) 79,155
Plus: Depreciation and amortization 352 5,390 427 33 5,823 12,025
Plus: Stock-based compensation 6,859 6,859
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(2) 10,927 3,972 14,899
Legal matters(3)
4,026 4,026
Transaction fees(4)
3,656 3,656
Accelerated stock compensation(5)
1,652 1,652
Asset impairments (16) (16)
Other(6)
360 137 497
Adjusted EBITDA $ 80,932 $ 75,427 $ 1,094 $ 4,533 $ (39,233) $ 122,753
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization expense of approximately $11.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental depreciation expense of approximately $4.0 million.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $2.5 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $1.6 million for regulatory lawsuits with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and New York
Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys General regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(5) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
(6) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $0.4 million.
17

Reconciliation of Net Earnings (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA
(Consolidated and by Segment)
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Acima Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 60,378 $ 61,880 $ 1,429 $ 3,807 $ (138,748) $ (11,254)
Plus: Interest expense, net 28,455 28,455
Plus: Income tax expense 38,694 38,694
Operating profit (loss) 60,378 61,880 1,429 3,807 (71,599) 55,895
Plus: Depreciation and amortization 398 4,852 326 36 7,607 13,219
Plus: Stock-based compensation 6,012 6,012
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(2) 14,262 3,971 18,233
Acima equity consideration vesting(3)
9,379 9,379
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
4,609 4,609
Legal matters 275 275
Other(5)

Adjusted EBITDA $ 75,038 $ 66,732 $ 1,755 $ 3,843 $ (39,746) $ 107,622
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization expense of approximately $14.2 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental depreciation expense of approximately $4.0 million.
(3) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting
restrictions.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system that was fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
18

Reconciliation of Operating Profit (Loss) to Adjusted
EBITDA (Consolidated and by Segment)
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands) Acima Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 255,549 $ 280,423 $ 4,806 $ 16,737 $ (434,037) $ 123,478
Plus: Interest expense, net 107,486 107,486
Plus: Income tax expense 54,063 54,063
Plus: Debt refinancing charges 6,604 6,604
Operating profit (loss) 255,549 280,423 4,806 16,737 (265,884) 291,631
Plus: Amortization, Depreciation 1,376 20,367 1,566 141 27,436 50,886
Plus: Stock-based compensation 26,108 26,108
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(2) 45,460 15,887 61,347
Legal matters(3)
15,764 15,764
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
6,145 6,145
Asset Impairment(5)
5,944 5,944
Accelerated stock compensation(6)
5,073 5,073
Acima equity consideration vesting(7)
4,893 4,893
Transaction fees(8)
3,656 3,656
Other(9)
1,384 374 1,758
Adjusted EBITDA $ 302,385 $ 308,118 $ 6,372 $ 16,878 $ (160,548) $ 473,205
(1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Includes amortization of approximately $45.5 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets and incremental depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(3) Includes estimated legal accrual of $10.7 million and related litigation and defense expenses of $5.1 million for regulatory lawsuits with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and New York
Attorney General, as well as the Multi-State Attorneys General regulatory investigation.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system used by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores, due to the
transition to a new internally developed point-of-sale system expected to be fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Includes lease impairments of approximately $5.3 million and fixed assets impairments of approximately $0.6 million.
(6) Represents accelerated stock compensation expense related to our letter agreement with the Companys Chief Executive Officer.
(7) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting
restrictions.
(8) Represents transaction fees related to Brigit acquisition.
(9) Includes shutdown and holding expenses related to store closures of $1.4 million. 19

Reconciliation of Operating Profit (Loss) to Adjusted
EBITDA (Consolidated and by Segment)
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Acima Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Net earnings (loss) $ 235,480 $ 273,518 $ 4,846 $ 17,087 $ (536,110) $ (5,179)
Plus: Interest expense, net 109,998 109,998
Plus: Income tax expense 58,046 58,046
Operating profit (loss) 235,480 273,518 4,846 17,087 (368,066) 162,865
Plus: Amortization, Depreciation 1,661 18,816 1,206 146 29,492 51,321
Plus: Stock-based compensation 24,609 24,609
Plus: Special Items(1)
Acima equity consideration vesting(2)
137,507 137,507
Acima acquired assets depreciation and
amortization(3) 57,048 15,886 72,934
Accelerated software depreciation(4)
9,218 9,218
Legal matters 319 319
Other(5)
(3,069) (3,069)
Adjusted EBITDA $ 294,189 $ 292,334 $ 6,052 $ 17,233 $ (154,104) $ 455,704
((1) Special items are reported as Other Gains and Charges in the Companys Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Table 4 of this earnings release.
(2) Represents stock compensation expense related to common stock issued to Acima Holdings employees under restricted stock agreements as part of the acquisition proceeds subject to vesting
restrictions.
(3) Includes amortization of approximately $57.0 million related to the total fair value of acquired intangible assets, incremental depreciation of approximately $15.9 million.
(4) Represents incremental depreciation expense related to the acceleration of the remaining useful life of the point-of-sale system used by our Rent-A-Center lease-to-own stores, due to the transition
to a new internally developed point-of-sale system expected to be fully deployed in the third quarter of 2024.
(5) Represents interest income on tax refunds of prior years received in 2023.
20

Reconciliation of Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating
Activities to Free Cash Flow
Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023
Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities $ (61,945) $ (19,652) $ 104,721 $ 200,290
Purchase of property assets (12,083) (17,235) (56,275) (53,402)
Free cash flow $ (74,028) $ (36,887) $ 48,446 $ 146,888
21

Supplemental Segment Performance Details GAAP
22
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 407.2 $ 415.5 $ 17.9 $ $ $ 840.6
Merchandise sales 100.6 25.0 0.9 126.5
Installment sales 18.4 18.4
Franchise merchandising sales 25.3 25.3
Franchise and royalty fees 5.8 5.8
Other 0.1 0.3 0.3 0.7 1.4
Total revenue $ 507.9 $ 459.3 $ 19.1 $ 31.8 $ $ 1,018.1
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 201.6 $ 106.9 $ 4.9 $ $ $ 313.5
Cost of merchandise sold 136.1 23.2 0.7 160.0
Cost of installment sales 6.6 6.6
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 25.3 25.3
Total cost of revenues $ 337.7 $ 136.8 $ 5.6 $ 25.3 $ $ 505.5
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 26.2 $ 122.6 $ 4.3 $ $ $ 153.1
Non-labor operating expenses 68.7 130.5 5.9 1.5 206.7
General and administrative expenses 0.3 2.7 1.5 1.1 45.8 51.3
Depreciation and amortization 0.4 4.9 0.3 7.6 13.2
Other gains and charges 14.3 18.2 32.5
Total operating expenses $ 109.8 $ 260.6 $ 12.0 $ 2.7 $ 71.6 $ 456.7
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 0.3 $ 10.3 $ 0.3 $ $ 6.3 $ 17.2
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 458.2 $ 401.9 $ 17.2 $ $ $ 877.3
Merchandise sales 122.0 25.2 0.8 148.0
Installment sales 16.6 16.6
Franchise merchandising sales 28.0 28.0
Franchise and royalty fees 6.2 6.2
Other 0.9 0.4 0.2 1.6 3.1
Total revenue $ 581.1 $ 444.0 $ 18.3 $ 35.8 $ $ 1,079.2
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 238.8 $ 104.0 $ 4.6 $ $ $ 347.4
Cost of merchandise sold 162.6 25.9 0.6 189.1
Cost of installment sales 6.5 6.5
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 28.0 28.0
Total cost of revenues $ 401.4 $ 136.4 $ 5.3 $ 28.0 $ $ 571.0
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 24.2 $ 113.7 $ 4.3 $ $ $ 142.2
Non-labor operating expenses 74.1 116.4 5.7 1.7 197.9
General and administrative expenses 0.5 2.1 1.9 1.6 46.1 52.2
Depreciation and amortization 0.4 5.4 0.4 5.8 12.0
Other gains and charges 10.9 0.3 13.4 24.7
Total operating expenses $ 110.1 $ 238.0 $ 12.3 $ 3.4 $ 65.4 $ 429.1
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 0.1 $ 3.7 $ 0.5 $ $ 7.8 $ 12.1 

Supplemental Segment Performance Details Including
Non-GAAP Adjustments
23
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 407.2 $ 415.5 $ 17.9 $ $ $ 840.6
Merchandise sales 100.6 25.0 0.9 126.5
Installment sales 18.4 18.4
Franchise merchandising sales 25.3 25.3
Franchise and royalty fees 5.8 5.8
Other 0.1 0.3 0.3 0.7 1.4
Total revenue $ 507.9 $ 459.3 $ 19.1 $ 31.8 $ $ 1,018.1
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 201.6 $ 106.9 $ 4.9 $ $ $ 313.5
Cost of merchandise sold 136.1 23.2 0.7 160.0
Cost of installment sales 6.6 6.6
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 25.3 25.3
Total cost of revenues $ 337.7 $ 136.8 $ 5.6 $ 25.3 $ $ 505.5
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 26.2 $ 122.6 $ 4.3 $ $ $ 153.1
Non-labor operating expenses 68.7 130.5 5.9 1.5 206.7
General and administrative expenses 0.3 2.7 1.5 1.1 45.8 51.3
Depreciation and amortization 0.4 4.9 0.3 7.6 13.2
Other gains and charges(1)

Total operating expenses $ 95.6 $ 260.6 $ 12.0 $ 2.7 $ 53.4 $ 424.2
(1)For purposes of disclosing non-GAAP operating expenses we exclude Other gains and charges. Additional details of Other gains and charges are
included as special item adjustments in the reconciliation tables on pages 14 and 18 of this presentation.
Three Months Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 0.3 $ 10.3 $ 0.3 $ $ 6.3 $ 17.2
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 458.2 $ 401.9 $ 17.2 $ $ $ 877.3
Merchandise sales 122.0 25.2 0.8 148.0
Installment sales 16.6 16.6
Franchise merchandising sales 28.0 28.0
Franchise and royalty fees 6.2 6.2
Other 0.9 0.4 0.2 1.6 3.1
Total revenue $ 581.1 $ 444.0 $ 18.3 $ 35.8 $ $ 1,079.2
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 238.8 $ 104.0 $ 4.6 $ $ $ 347.4
Cost of merchandise sold 162.6 25.9 0.6 189.1
Cost of installment sales 6.5 6.5
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 28.0 28.0
Total cost of revenues $ 401.4 $ 136.4 $ 5.3 $ 28.0 $ $ 571.0
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 24.2 $ 113.7 $ 4.3 $ $ $ 142.2
Non-labor operating expenses 74.1 116.4 5.7 1.7 197.9
General and administrative expenses 0.5 2.1 1.9 1.6 46.1 52.2
Depreciation and amortization 0.4 5.4 0.4 5.8 12.0
Other gains and charges(1)

Total operating expenses $ 99.2 $ 237.6 $ 12.3 $ 3.4 $ 51.9 $ 404.4
(1)For purposes of disclosing non-GAAP operating expenses we exclude Other gains and charges. Additional details of Other gains and charges are
included as special item adjustments in the reconciliation tables on pages 13 and 17 of this presentation.
Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 0.1 $ 3.7 $ 0.5 $ $ 7.8 $ 12.1 

Supplemental Segment Performance Details GAAP
24
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 1,515.2 $ 1,676.2 $ 70.3 $ $ $ 3,261.7
Merchandise sales 415.3 122.9 3.5 541.8
Installment sales 63.6 63.6
Franchise merchandising sales 95.1 95.1
Franchise and royalty fees 24.4 24.4
Other revenue 0.8 1.3 0.8 2.9 5.9
Total revenue $ 1,931.3 $ 1,864.1 $ 74.6 $ 122.3 $ $ 3,992.4
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 743.8 $ 436.1 $ 19.2 $ $ $ 1,199.2
Cost of merchandise sold 543.0 107.3 2.6 652.9
Cost of installment sales 23.0 23.0
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 95.1 95.1
Total cost of revenues $ 1,286.9 $ 566.4 $ 21.8 $ 95.1 $ $ 1,970.2
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 102.9 $ 493.4 $ 17.2 $ $ $ 613.5
Non-labor operating expenses 246.3 500.1 23.5 6.0 775.9
General and administrative expenses 1.0 11.8 6.1 4.0 178.7 201.7
Depreciation and amortization 1.7 18.8 1.2 0.1 29.5 51.3
Other gains and charges 57.0 159.9 216.9
Total operating expenses $ 409.0 $ 1,024.2 $ 48.0 $ 10.2 $ 368.1 $ 1,859.4
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 0.5 $ 22.9 $ 2.2 $ $ 27.8 $ 53.4
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 1,760.1 $ 1,679.4 $ 74.2 $ $ $ 3,513.7
Merchandise sales 499.4 121.9 3.4 624.7
Installment sales 60.9 60.9
Franchise merchandising sales 88.1 88.1
Franchise and royalty fees 24.7 24.7
Other revenue 2.0 1.3 1.1 4.1 8.4
Total revenue $ 2,261.4 $ 1,863.4 $ 78.7 $ 117.0 $ $ 4,320.6
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 900.5 $ 435.2 $ 19.8 $ $ $ 1,355.5
Cost of merchandise sold 658.3 113.1 2.5 773.9
Cost of installment sales 22.5 22.5
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 88.2 88.2
Total cost of revenues $ 1,558.8 $ 570.9 $ 22.3 $ 88.2 $ $ 2,240.2
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 103.0 $ 487.8 $ 18.4 $ $ $ 609.2
Non-labor operating expenses 295.6 486.6 23.0 6.4 811.6
General and administrative expenses 1.7 10.0 8.7 5.4 186.7 212.5
Depreciation and amortization 1.4 20.4 1.6 0.1 27.4 50.9
Other gains and charges 45.5 7.3 51.8 104.6
Total operating expenses $ 447.1 $ 1,012.1 $ 51.6 $ 12.0 $ 265.9 $ 1,788.7
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 1.6 $ 24.2 $ 2.2 $ $ 28.3 $ 56.3 

Supplemental Segment Performance Details Including
Non-GAAP Adjustments
25
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 1,515.2 $ 1,676.2 $ 70.3 $ $ $ 3,261.7
Merchandise sales 415.3 122.9 3.5 541.8
Installment sales 63.6 63.6
Franchise merchandising sales 95.1 95.1
Franchise and royalty fees 24.4 24.4
Other revenue 0.8 1.3 0.8 2.9 5.9
Total revenue $ 1,931.3 $ 1,864.1 $ 74.6 $ 122.3 $ $ 3,992.4
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 743.8 $ 436.1 $ 19.2 $ $ $ 1,199.2
Cost of merchandise sold 543.0 107.3 2.6 652.9
Cost of installment sales 23.0 23.0
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 95.1 95.1
Total cost of revenues $ 1,286.9 $ 566.4 $ 21.8 $ 95.1 $ $ 1,970.2
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 102.9 $ 493.4 $ 17.2 $ $ $ 613.5
Non-labor operating expenses 246.3 500.1 23.5 6.0 775.9
General and administrative expenses 1.0 11.8 6.1 4.0 178.7 201.7
Depreciation and amortization 1.7 18.8 1.2 0.1 29.5 51.3
Other gains and charges(1)

Total operating expenses $ 351.9 $ 1,024.2 $ 48.0 $ 10.2 $ 208.2 $ 1,642.5
(1)For purposes of disclosing non-GAAP operating expenses we exclude Other gains and charges. Additional details of Other gains and charges are
included as special item adjustments in the reconciliation tables on pages 16 and 20 of this presentation.
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 0.5 $ 22.9 $ 2.2 $ $ 27.8 $ 53.4
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Revenue
Rentals and fees $ 1,760.1 $ 1,679.4 $ 74.2 $ $ $ 3,513.7
Merchandise sales 499.4 121.9 3.4 624.7
Installment sales 60.9 60.9
Franchise merchandising sales 88.1 88.1
Franchise and royalty fees 24.7 24.7
Other revenue 2.0 1.3 1.1 4.1 8.4
Total revenue $ 2,261.4 $ 1,863.4 $ 78.7 $ 117.0 $ $ 4,320.6
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Cost of revenues
Cost of rentals and fees $ 900.5 $ 435.2 $ 19.8 $ $ $ 1,355.5
Cost of merchandise sold 658.3 113.1 2.5 773.9
Cost of installment sales 22.5 22.5
Cost of franchise merchandise sold 88.2 88.2
Total cost of revenues $ 1,558.8 $ 570.9 $ 22.3 $ 88.2 $ $ 2,240.2
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Operating expenses
Operating labor expense $ 103.0 $ 487.8 $ 18.4 $ $ $ 609.2
Non-labor operating expenses 295.6 486.6 23.0 6.4 811.6
General and administrative expenses 1.7 10.0 8.7 5.4 186.7 212.5
Depreciation and amortization 1.4 20.4 1.6 0.1 27.4 50.9
Other gains and charges(1)

Total operating expenses $ 401.6 $ 1,004.8 $ 51.6 $ 12.0 $ 214.1 $ 1,684.1
(1)For purposes of disclosing non-GAAP operating expenses we exclude Other gains and charges. Additional details of Other gains and charges are
included as special item adjustments in the reconciliation tables on pages 15 and 19 of this presentation.
Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in millions) Acima
Rent-A-Center Mexico Franchising Corporate Consolidated
Capital expenditures $ 1.6 $ 24.2 $ 2.2 $ $ 28.3 $ 56.3 

Q4
(in millions) 2024
Outstanding Debt $ 1,327.3
Less: Cash and cash equivalents 60.9
Net debt 1,266.4
Adjusted EBITDA(1)
Q1 2024 109.1
Q2 2024 124.5
Q3 2024 116.9
Q4 2024 122.8
Trailing twelve month Adjusted EBITDA $ 473.2
Net leverage ratio 2.7 x
(1) Additional details of Adjusted EBITDA are included in the Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Adjusted EBITDA
(Consolidated and by Segment) tables of our quarterly investor presentations, for their respective periods,
which can be found on the Company's investor relations website.
Reconciliation of Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio
26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.4

Upbound Group Announces CEO Transition

Mitch Fadel to Retire After 40 Years at Upbound

EVP and CFO Fahmi Karam to Succeed Fadel as
CEO Effective June 1, 2025

Karam to Join Board of Directors

PLANO, Texas February 20, 2025 Upbound Group, Inc.
(Upbound or the Company) (NASDAQ: UPBD), a technology and data-driven leader in accessible and inclusive financial
solutions that address the evolving needs and aspirations of underserved consumers, today announced that Mitch Fadel has decided to retire
as Chief Executive Officer and step down from the Board after 40 years with Upbound. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Fahmi Karam will succeed Mr. Fadel as CEO and will join the Companys Board effective June 1, 2025. Mr. Fadel will
continue to serve as CEO and remain on the Board until that time and will work closely with Mr. Karam to ensure a seamless transition.
The Board has commenced an internal and external search to identify Upbounds next CFO and has engaged an executive search firm.

This transition is the culmination of a deliberate and thoughtful
succession planning process in which Fahmis increasing contributions led to the Boards unanimous decision that he is the
clear choice to serve as Upbounds next CEO, said Jeffrey Brown, Chairman of the Board. Fahmi is a proven leader with
nearly 25 years of strategic and financial experience and an unrelenting commitment to our mission to expand financial inclusion. Fahmi
brings a strong track record of operational excellence and deep knowledge of the business and of our consumers. As CFO, Fahmi has played
an instrumental role in Upbounds success, and the Board is confident that he is the ideal person to build on our solid foundation
and accelerate our growth strategy.

I am honored to become the next CEO of Upbound at such an exciting
time for the Company, said Mr. Karam. It has been a pleasure to work with Mitch to drive growth, expand our platform
and digitally transform our business to provide more innovative, inclusive, and technology-driven solutions dedicated to underserved consumers.
I look forward to building on Mitchs many accomplishments, continuing to expand our platform of impactful financial solutions and
technologies, and driving increasing value for our shareholders and customers.

Mr. Brown continued: On behalf of the Board, we thank Mitch
for his effective leadership over many years and for strongly positioning Upbound to capitalize on the robust opportunities that lie ahead.
Under Mitch, the business has been transformed from Rent-A-Centers brick-and-mortar focus into Upbounds differentiated omni-channel
lease-to-own platform with virtual capabilities in over 35,000 merchant locations and national e-commerce partners, in addition to our
recently expanded digital solutions through the newly acquired financial health app, Brigit. We are grateful for his commitment to assist
in this important transition.

It has been a great honor to lead Upbound, said Mr. Fadel.
Thanks to our incredibly talented team, we have cemented Upbound as an industry leader, expanded our impact, and grown our portfolio
of best-in-class solutions that continue to improve the lives of our customers. With Upbound stronger than ever, we are now poised to
enter an exciting new chapter of growth. It has been a pleasure to work alongside Fahmi over the past two and a half years and I am confident
he is the right choice to lead Upbound. I look forward to continuing to work closely with him during the transition.

About Upbound Group, Inc.

Upbound Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: UPBD), is a technology and
data-driven leader in accessible and inclusive financial solutions that address the evolving needs and aspirations of underserved consumers.
The Companys customer-facing operating units include industry-leading brands such as Acima, Brigit, and Rent-A-Center
that facilitate consumer transactions across a wide range of store-based and digital channels, including over 2,300 company branded retail
units across the United States, Mexico and Puerto Rico. Upbound Group, Inc. is headquartered in Plano,
Texas. For additional information about the Company, please visit our website Upbound.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as
"may," "will," "expect," "intend," "could," "estimate," "predict,"
"continue," "should," "anticipate," "believe," or confident, or the negative thereof
or variations thereon or similar terminology and including, among others, statements concerning the Companys growth strategies
and initiatives and other future growth opportunities and ability to realize those opportunities. There can be no assurance that such
expectations will occur. Except as required by law, the Company is not obligated to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Investor Contact

Jeff Chesnut

SVP, IR & Corporate Development

972-801-1108

jeff.chesnut@upbound.com

Media Contact

Kelly Kimberly

FGS Global

713-822-7538

kelly.kimberly@fgsglobal.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rcii-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rcii-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rcii-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-4img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-2img022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_ex99-3img026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38047

Entity Registrant Name UPBOUND GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000933036

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-0491516

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5501 Headquarters Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Plano

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75024

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 801-1100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $.01 Par Value

Trading Symbol UPBD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rentacenter.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rcii-20250218.xsd 
rcii-20250218_lab.xml 
rcii-20250218_pre.xml 
tm256882d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-015439-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>tm256882d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000933036 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000933036 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
UPBOUND GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-38047 
45-0491516 
5501 Headquarters Drive 
Plano 
TX 
75024 
972 
801-1100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.01 Par Value 
UPBD 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>