<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-002374.txt : 20250409
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-002374.hdr.sgml : 20250409
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250409160236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-002374
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250403
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250409
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250409

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001158114
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				760533927
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36083
		FILM NUMBER:		25825188

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13139 JESS PIRTLE BLVD
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		281-295-1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13139 JESS PIRTLE BLVD
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010824
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>appliedopto_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. 10-Q

false000115811400011581142025-04-032025-04-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 3, 2025

Applied Optoelectronics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)

Delaware 001-36083 76-0533927

(State of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

13139
Jess Pirtle Blvd.

Sugar
Land, Texas77478

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)

(281) 295-1800

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Trading
Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, Par value $0.001 AAOI NASDAQ Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 3, 2025, Applied Optoelectronics, Inc.
(the Company) entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease) with Albany Road-Breck Exchange LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Landlord), pursuant to which the Company will lease approximately 38,897 rentable square feet of
space located at 2885 Breckinridge Boulevard, Suite 150, Duluth, Georgia 30096 (the Premises).

The term of the Lease is eighty-four (84) months
and will commence on the earlier of (i) the day immediately following the date of Substantial Completion (as defined in the Work Letter
attached to the Lease as Exhibit C), or (ii) the date on which the Company commences operations at the Premises (the Commencement
Date). The Lease also grants the Company a one-time option to extend the lease term for an additional five (5) years, subject to
timely notice and other conditions set forth in the Lease.

The Lease provides for an initial monthly base
rent of $31,770.83, which increases annually to $59,026.20 during the final 12 months of the term. For months 1 through 24, base rent
is abated and calculated based on reduced rentable square footage of 25,000 RSF and 32,000 RSF, respectively. The monthly base rent schedule
is as follows:

Period Monthly Base Rent

Month 1 12 $31,770.83

Month 13 24 $41,893.33

Month 25 36 $52,446.12

Month 37 48 $54,002.00

Month 49 60 $55,622.71

Month 61 72 $57,308.25

Month 73 84 $59,026.20

In addition to base rent, the Company is responsible
for its proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance premiums, and common area maintenance expenses. Upon execution of the Lease,
the Company provided the Landlord with a security deposit in the amount of $59,026.20.

Additionally, the Lease outlines the scope of improvements
to be completed by the Landlord (Landlords Work) in order to deliver the Premises in a condition of Substantial
Completion. The Lease provides that the Landlord will contribute up to $875,182.50 toward the total cost of design, permitting,
construction, and related improvements, including a 4% construction management fee. The Company has agreed to contribute $300,000 toward
the cost of Landlords Work, payable in two equal installments of $150,000 on or before September 30, 2025, and November 30, 2025,
respectively. Any costs in excess of the combined contributions, or costs arising from Company-requested changes to the scope of work,
are the responsibility of the Company.

In connection with the Lease, the Company also
entered into a separate agreement to purchase certain existing office furniture located at the Premises from the Landlord for a total
purchase price of $200,000.

The foregoing description of the Lease does not
purport to be a complete statement of the parties rights and obligations under the Lease and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Lease, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference
herein.

2 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under
an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Amendment is incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Lease, dated April 3, 2025, between Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Albany Road-Breck Exchange, LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

3 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 9, 2025 APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS, INC. 

By: /s/ David C. Kuo 

Name David C. Kuo, 

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>aaoi_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE, DATED APRIL 3, 2025, BETWEEN APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS, INC. AND ALBANY ROAD-BRECK EXCHANGE, LLC.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

LEASE

THIS LEASE, dated as of
the 3rd day of April 2025 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between ALBANY ROAD-BRECK EXCHANGE LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (Landlord), and Applied Optoelectronics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (Tenant).

1.Premises.
Landlord does hereby rent and lease to Tenant, and Tenant does hereby rent and hire from Landlord, the Premises described in the Lease
Summary.

2.Term;
Commencement Date; Extension Option.

(a)The
Term shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue until the Expiration Date, unless sooner terminated or extended as provided
hereinafter.

(b)The
Commencement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the day immediately following the Substantial Completion Date, as defined
in the Work Letter attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Work Letter); and (ii) the date that Tenant commences
to operate its business in the Premises. Following the Commencement Date, within fifteen (15) days of written request by Landlord, Tenant
shall execute a letter confirming the Commencement Date, Base Rent schedule, the Expiration Date and other matters requested by Landlord,
but Tenants failure to execute such letter shall not delay the Commencement Date hereunder.

(c)Tenant
shall have the right and option, which said option shall not be severed from this Lease or separately assigned, mortgaged or transferred,
at its election, to extend the Term for one (1) additional period of five (5) years (the Renewal Term), commencing
upon the expiration of the Term, provided that (a) Landlord shall receive written notice from Tenant of the exercise of its election
at least twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Term but no sooner than fifteen (15) months prior to the expiration of the
Term, (b) no default of Tenant shall exist at the time of Landlords receipt of such notice and at the expiration of the Term;
and (c) the original Tenant named in this Lease or any transferee pursuant to an assignment permitted thereunder or approved by Landlord
is itself occupying the entire Premises both at the time of giving the notice and at the commencement of the Renewal Term. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that any Rent is not paid by Tenant within five (5) business days of its due date more than two (2) times
during any twelve (12) month period during the Term, even if such monetary default had subsequently been cured by Tenant, the extension
option set forth herein shall automatically terminate and shall be of no further force and effect. If Landlord shall receive notice of
the exercise of the election in the manner and within the time provided aforesaid, the Term shall be extended upon the receipt of the
notice without the requirement of any action on the part of Landlord or Tenant, except as may be required in order to determine Base Rent
as hereinafter provided. Except for the amount of Base Rent (which is to be determined as hereinafter provided), all the terms, covenants,
conditions, provisions and agreements in this Lease contained shall be applicable to the Renewal Term, except that there shall be no further
options to extend the Term after Tenants exercise of its option hereunder, nor shall Landlord be obligated to make or pay for any
improvements to the Premises nor pay any inducement payments of any kind or nature. Landlord hereby reserves the right, exercisable by
Landlord in its sole discretion, to waive (in writing) any condition precedent set forth in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above. Time is of
the essence with respect to the exercise of the option contained herein. Tenant shall not have the right to give any notice exercising
such option after the expiration of the applicable time limitation set forth herein, and any notice given after such time limitation purporting
to exercise any such option shall be void and of no force or effect.

1 

The Base Rent payable hereunder
for each twelve (12) month period during the Renewal Term shall be adjusted as of the commencement of the Renewal Term so as to equal
the then fair market rent, as mutually determined by Landlord and Tenant through the process of negotiation, but in no event
less than the Base Rent per annum payable with respect to the last twelve (12) months of the initial Term. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, however, if for any reason Landlord and Tenant shall not agree in writing upon the fair market rent
with respect to the Renewal Term at least nine (9) months prior to the commencement thereof, then the fair market rent for the Premises
shall be the prevailing market rate at the commencement of such Renewal Term that a new tenant would pay and willing landlord would accept
at arms length for space in a building of equivalent quality, size, and utility within the market area of the Project, taking into
account the length of the applicable Renewal Term and the credit standing of Tenant. The prevailing market rate shall be determined by
licensed real estate brokers having at least five (5) years experience in the leasing of commercial real estate in the market area
of the Project, one such broker to be designated by each of Landlord and Tenant. If either party shall fail to designate its broker by
giving notice of the name of such broker to the other party within fifteen (15) days after receiving notice of the name of the other partys
broker, then the broker chosen by the other party shall determine the fair market rent and his determination shall be final and conclusive.
The brokers shall make their decisions within ten (10) business days of appointment. In determining fair market rent hereunder, all concessions
granted to tenants in the market area of the Project shall be taken into consideration, including, without limitation, free rent, free
parking, leasing commissions paid to the tenants agent, any tenant improvement allowances, lease assumptions, and moving and other
allowances. If the brokers designated by Landlord and Tenant shall disagree as to the fair market rent, but if the difference between
their estimates of fair market rent shall be five percent (5%) or less of the greater of the estimates, then the average of their estimates
shall be the fair market rent for purposes hereof. If the brokers designated by Landlord and Tenant shall disagree as to the amount of
fair market rent, and if their estimates of fair market rent shall vary by more than five percent (5%) of the greater of said estimates,
then they shall jointly select a third broker meeting the qualifications set forth above, and his estimate of fair market rent shall be
the fair market rent for purposes hereof if it is not greater than the greater of the other two estimates and not less than the lesser
of the other two estimates. If said third brokers estimate is greater than the greater of the other two estimates, then the greater
of the other two estimates shall be the fair market rent for purposes hereof; and if the estimate of the third broker shall be less than
the lesser of the other two estimates, then the lesser of the other two estimates shall be the fair market rent for purposes hereof. Each
of Landlord and Tenant shall pay for the services of its broker, and if a third broker shall be chosen, then each of Landlord and Tenant
shall pay for one-half of the services of the third broker.

3.Base
Rent.

(a) During
the Term, Tenant shall pay annual Base Rent (and all other Rent due and owing by Tenant under this Lease) to Landlord at such place as
Landlord shall from time to time designate in writing, such annual Base Rent to be payable in equal monthly installments, as set forth
in the chart below. References to numbered Months shall mean full calendar months following the Commencement Date.

Period (Months) Rate per r.s.f. Annual Base Rent Monthly Installment of Base Rent

Month 1-12 $15.25 

$381,250.00

(calculated on the basis of 25,000 r.s.f. only)* $31,770.83*

Month 13-24 $15.71 

$502,720.00

(calculated on the basis of 32,000 r.s.f. only)* $41,893.33*

Month 25-36 $16.18 $629,353.46 $52,446.12

Month 37-48 $16.66 $648,024.02 $54,002.00

Month 49-60 $17.16 $667,472.52 $55,622.71

Month 61-72 $17.68 $687,698.96 $57,308.25

Month 73-84 $18.21 $708,314.37 $59,026.20

*As shown in the chart above, provided that no
Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) then exists, the Base Rent due for months 1-12 shall be calculated on the basis of 25,000 rentable
square feet only and the Base Rent due for months 13-24 shall be calculated on the basis of 32,000 rentable square feet only. The difference
between the Base Rent payable during such months in accordance with the chart above and the Base Rent that would have been payable on
the entire rentable square footage of the Premises at the rate set forth above for such months is referred to herein as the Abated
Rent. In no event shall the abatement set forth herein be deemed to reduce or eliminate Tenants obligation to pay Tenants
Share of CAM Charges, Taxes or Insurance or any other amounts due under the Lease other than the Abated Rent as set forth above. If this
Lease shall terminate prior to the expiration of the initial Term as a result of an Event of Default by Tenant hereunder, then the then-unamortized
portion of the Abated Rent shall become immediately due and payable to Landlord. The foregoing is in addition to, and not in lieu of,
any other remedies available to Landlord at law, in equity or otherwise.

(b)All
monthly installments of Base Rent shall be payable to Landlord in advance on the first (1st) day of each month during the Term
without notice, demand, deduction or set-off. Together with executed copies of this Lease, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord (i) first
full months installment of Base Rent, and (ii) a security deposit as set forth in Section 5 below.

2 

Tenant shall timely pay Rent
(as hereinafter define) to Landlord (either directly or to its expressly designated agent or designee) in lawful money of the United States
of America (thus expressly excluding any non-U.S. currency and excluding any cryptocurrency or similar form of currency), as directed
by Landlord in writing, (i) via check, sent to Landlords street address provided in this Lease (or such other street address(es)
as Landlord may specify hereunder); or, upon Landlords written request, (ii) via wire transfer, ACH payment or similar electronic
means (Electronic Remittance). If Landlord instructs Tenant to remit payments of Rent via Electronic Remittance,
then Landlord shall provide Tenant with written instructions therefor from time to time (collectively, Electronic Remittance
Instructions). Tenant shall continue to remit Rent to Landlord via Electronic Remittance using such Electronic Remittance Instructions
unless and until Landlord provides new Electronic Remittance Instructions or notifies Tenant in writing that payments should thereafter
be made via check or some other method, as set forth above. Tenant shall remain liable for all Rent owed hereunder, and Tenant shall release
and discharge Landlord for any liability for any amounts not properly credited against Tenants Rent obligation due to any inaccuracy
or mistake made by Tenant in its in use of the Electronic Remittance Instructions. Further, Landlord shall not be responsible or have
any liability for any loss of funds caused by (y) the errors and omissions of Tenants financial institution, its employees or agents
in the processing, transmission or proper crediting of such transmitted funds, or (z) any illegal interference with any such transmission
of funds by any third party or parties, including any criminal or tortious activities by such party or parties, and the foregoing shall
not constitute a default by Tenant but shall not relieve Tenant of its obligation to pay Rent in accordance with this Lease. Rent due
pursuant to this Lease and remitted via Electronic Remittance shall be deemed received only when Landlord or its designated agent actually
receives such funds in its designated account.

(c)All
charges payable by Tenant under the terms of this Lease other than Base Rent are called Additional Rent. Unless this
Lease provides otherwise, all Additional Rent shall be paid concurrently with each monthly installment of Base Rent. The term Rent
shall mean Base Rent and Additional Rent. All payments of Rent shall include sales and use tax in accordance with applicable law. All
Rent due and owing by Tenant under this Lease shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord without deduction, set off or abatement.

(d)Tenants
obligation to pay the Rent due and owing by Tenant under this Lease during the Term hereof shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Lease.

(e)Any
installment of Rent due and owing by Tenant under this Lease not received by Landlord within five (5) calendar days of the due date therefor
shall be subject to a late charge in an amount equal to the greater of (i) $100.00, or (ii) five percent (5%) of the amount due as agreed
liquidated damages, and interest on the unpaid balance at a rate of 18% per annum thereafter until paid in full, for each and every full
or partial calendar month that said amount remains unpaid (but in no event shall the amount of such late charge and interest exceed an
amount based upon the highest legally permissible rate chargeable at any time by Landlord under applicable law). In the event Tenant makes
a partial payment of past due amounts, the amount of such partial payment shall be applied first to reduce all accrued and unpaid interest
and late charges, in inverse order of their maturity, and then to reduce all other past due amounts, in inverse order of their maturity.
Acceptance by Landlord of a payment in an amount less than that which is currently due shall in no way affect Landlords rights
under this Lease and in no way be an accord and satisfaction.

4.Common
Costs. In addition to the Base Rent, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, the amounts described in Section 4(a),
Section 4(b), Section 4(c) and Section 4(d) below:

(a)Taxes.

(i)During
the Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, an amount equal to Tenants Share of the aggregate amount of Taxes paid
by Landlord for the Project, as provided in Section 4(d) below. The term Taxes shall include every type of
special and general tax and/or charge imposed or assessed against the Project, or any part thereof, or upon the operation of the Project,
or any part thereof, including, but not limited to, ad valorem taxes, special assessments and governmental charges, excepting only income
taxes imposed upon Landlord. Reasonable expenses incurred by Landlord in obtaining or attempting to obtain a reduction of any Taxes shall
be added to and included in the amount of Taxes.

(ii)If
at any time during the Term of this Lease, the present method of taxation shall be changed so that in lieu of the whole or any part of
any Taxes levied, assessed, or imposed on real estate and the improvements thereon, there shall be levied, assessed or imposed on Landlord
a capital levy or other tax directly on the Rent received therefrom and/or a franchise tax, assessment, levy or charge measured by or
based, in whole or in part, upon such Rent for the Building, then all such taxes, assessments, levies or charges, or the part thereof
so measured or based, shall be deemed to be included within the term Taxes for the purposes hereof.

3 

(iii)Tenant
shall pay, or cause to be paid, before delinquency any and all taxes and assessments levied or assessed during the Term of this Lease
upon all improvements installed by Tenant in the Premises, Tenants other leasehold improvements, equipment, furniture, fixtures
and any other personal property located on the Premises. In the event any or all of said improvements, Tenants other leasehold
improvements, equipment, furniture, fixtures and other personal property shall be assessed and taxed with the Premises or the Project,
Tenant shall pay to Landlord its share of such taxes and assessments within ten (10) calendar days after delivery to Tenant by Landlord
of a statement in writing setting forth the amount of such taxes and assessments attributable to the above property.

(b)Insurance
Costs. During the Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord an amount equal to Tenants Share of the aggregate amount of the Insurance
Costs, as provided in Section 4(d) below. The term Insurance Costs shall mean the cost of all insurance maintained
by Landlord for the Project, including all fire and extended casualty insurance and all liability coverage on the grounds, sidewalks,
driveways, parking areas, and any other exterior or interior areas of the Project, together with such other insurance protections, including,
but not limited to, rental insurance, as are from time to time obtained by Landlord. Insurance Costs shall also include any deductible
amount paid by Landlord in connection with any insured loss.

(c)CAM.
During the Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, Tenants Share of all common area electrical, grounds maintenance
charges, property management costs, security services and other common area charges and expenses for the Project (the CAM Charges),
as provided in Section 4(d) below. The term grounds maintenance shall include, without limitation, all landscaping,
planting, lawn and grounds care, all improvements to the grounds and other common areas adjacent to the Premises and to all sidewalks,
driveways, loading areas and parking areas. CAM Charges include, but are not limited to, the costs and expenses incurred for the following:
gas, steam and any other fuel; water and sewer; heating; air conditioning; ventilation; cleaning; window washing (interior and exterior);
pest control; trash and garbage removal (including dumpster rental), if any; porter and matron service; protection and security; common
areas decorations; repairs, maintenance, and alteration of common areas; assessments paid to property owners associations; painting
of non-tenant areas; repairs, maintenance, replacements, and improvements that are appropriate for the continued operation of the Building
as a first class building; exterior landscaping; fertilization and irrigation supply; parking area maintenance, repair, resurfacing and
re-striping; property management fees (whether payable to a third party, to Landlord or to an affiliate of Landlord); an onsite management
office, if any; all utilities serving the Building and not separately billed to or reimbursed by any tenant of the Building; music systems;
depreciation on machinery and equipment used in the maintenance of the Building or Project; janitorial services, if any; supplies; service
and maintenance contracts for the Building; wages, salaries, disability benefits, pensions, profit sharing, hospitalization, retirement
plans, group insurance, and other benefits respecting employees of the Landlord up to and including the level of building/property manager
(wages and benefits of employees who are employed at more than one building shall be appropriately prorated as reasonably determined by
Landlord based on the percentage of time spent by the employees at the Building); legal, accounting, and administrative costs; uniform
costs, workers compensation insurance, payroll, social security, unemployment, and other similar taxes relating to employees. For
removal of doubt, CAM Charges shall include expenses described above (including, without limitation, for operating, maintaining and repairing
all common areas and shared facilities) which are incurred for the entirety or any part of the Project, with such costs fairly allocated
among the Building and all other buildings in the Project, as reasonably determined by Landlord

4 

(d)Estimated
Payments.

(i)Prior
to the Commencement Date and prior to January 1 of each subsequent calendar year during the Term, or as soon thereafter as possible, Landlord
shall deliver to Tenant an estimate of (A) the Taxes for that calendar year (the Tax Estimate), (B) the Insurance
Costs for that calendar year (the Insurance Estimate), and (C) the CAM Charges for that calendar year (the CAM
Estimate), and Tenants Share of each of the foregoing. (The Tax Estimate, the Insurance Estimate and the CAM Estimate
are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the Common Cost Estimates.) Tenant shall thereafter during that
calendar year pay to Landlord one-twelfth (1/12) of the amount of Tenants Share of the Common Cost Estimates at the same time its
monthly installments of Base Rent hereunder are due and payable. In the event Landlord shall not have furnished the Common Cost Estimates
to Tenant by January 1 of any calendar year, then until the first day of the first month next following the month in which the Common
Cost Estimates for such calendar year are furnished to Tenant, Tenant shall pay to Landlord on the first day of each calendar month an
amount equal to the aggregate monthly installment of Tenants Share of the Taxes, Insurance Costs and CAM Charges which was payable
by Tenant to Landlord with respect to the last month of the preceding calendar year. In such event, at such time as Landlord furnishes
the Common Cost Estimates to Tenant, Landlord shall give Tenant notice stating whether the aggregate amount of the installments of Tenants
Share of the Taxes, Insurance Costs and CAM Charges previously paid for such calendar year is more or less than the aggregate amount of
the installments due for such portion of the calendar year as computed in accordance with the Common Cost Estimates, and (A) if there
shall be a deficiency, then within ten (10) days after the Tenant receives the Common Cost Estimates, Tenant shall pay the amount of such
deficiency, (B) if there shall have been an overpayment, Landlord shall credit Tenant in the amount thereof toward the subsequent installments
of the Taxes, Insurance Costs and CAM Charges (or, if the Term has then expired, refund such overpayment to Tenant), and (C) on the first
day of the first month next following the month in which the Common Cost Estimates are furnished to Tenant, and monthly thereafter for
the balance of such calendar year, Tenant shall pay to Landlord one-twelfth (1/12) of the amount of Tenants Share of the Taxes,
Insurance Costs and CAM Charges as set forth in the Common Cost Estimates.

(ii)At
such time as Landlord is able to determine the actual Taxes, Insurance Costs and CAM Charges for each calendar year, Landlord shall deliver
to Tenant a statement thereof and, in the event the estimated Taxes, Insurance Costs and/or CAM Charges differ from the actual Taxes,
Insurance Costs and/or CAM Charges, then (A) if there shall be a deficiency, then within ten (10) days after Tenant receives the statement
of the actual Taxes, Insurance Costs and/or CAM Charges, Tenant shall pay the amount of such deficiency, and (B) if there shall have been
an overpayment, Landlord shall credit Tenant in the amount thereof toward the subsequent installments of the Taxes, Insurance Costs and
CAM Charges coming due in the next calendar year (or, if the Term has then expired, refund such overpayment to Tenant).

(e)Any
payment to be made pursuant to this Section 4 with respect to the calendar year in which this Lease commences or terminates shall
be prorated.

5.Security
Deposit. Upon the execution and delivery of this Lease, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a security deposit in the amount of Fifty-Nine
Thousand Twenty-Six and 20/100 Dollars ($59,026.20) (the Security Deposit). Except as provided for in this Section
5, Landlord shall hold the same throughout the Term as security for the performance by Tenant of all obligations on the part of Tenant
hereunder. Landlord shall have the right from time to time, without prejudice to any other remedy Landlord may have on account thereof,
to apply such Security Deposit, or any part thereof, to Landlords damages arising from, or to cure, any default by Tenant of its
obligations hereunder beyond the expiration of any applicable grace periods. If Landlord shall so apply any or all of such Security Deposit,
Tenant shall within five (5) days of demand therefor, deposit with Landlord the amount so applied to be held as security hereunder, and
failure to do so shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder. Landlord shall return the Security Deposit, or so much thereof as shall
have theretofore not been applied in accordance with the terms of this Section 5, to Tenant within thirty (30) days of the expiration
or earlier termination of the Term and the surrender of possession of the Premises by Tenant to Landlord at such time, provided that there
is then existing no Event of Default (nor any circumstance which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute
an Event of Default). While Landlord holds such Security Deposit, Landlord shall have no obligation to pay interest on the same and shall
have the right to commingle the same with Landlords other funds. If Landlord conveys Landlords interest under this Lease,
the Security Deposit, or any part thereof not previously applied, shall be turned over by Landlord to Landlords grantee, and, if
so turned over, Tenant agrees to look solely to such grantee for proper application of the Security Deposit in accordance with the terms
of this Section 5 and the return thereof in accordance herewith. Landlords mortgagee shall not be responsible to Tenant
for the return or application of any such Security Deposit, whether or not it succeeds to the position of Landlord hereunder, unless such
deposit shall have been received in hand by such mortgagee.

5 

6.Utilities.
Tenant shall promptly pay all charges for utilities and other services furnished to the Premises by Landlord or the applicable utility
company, including, but not limited to, gas, water, electricity, fuel, light and heat. In the event any utilities furnished to the Project
are not separately metered, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, Tenants Share of the utilities within ten (10) calendar
days following receipt of a statement showing the amount due. The Premises are separately metered for gas and electricity. Water and sewer
charges are included in CAM Charges.

7.Use.

(a) The
Premises shall be used for office and, if equipped, warehouse purposes only (the Permitted Use). Tenant shall not
permit any liens to attach or exist as against the Premises or the Project, nor commit any waste. The Premises shall not be used for any
illegal purposes, nor shall Tenant allow, suffer, or permit any vibration, noise, odor, light or other effect that could constitute a
nuisance or trespass for Landlord or any other Tenant, their customers, agents, or invitees. Upon notice by Landlord to Tenant that any
of the aforesaid is occurring, Tenant agrees to forthwith remove or control the same.

(b)Tenant
will not in any way violate any law, ordinance, or restrictive covenant affecting the Premises or the Project, nor use the Premises in
any manner as would cause cancellation of, prevent the use of, or increase the rate of the standard form of fire and extended coverage
insurance policy to be carried by Landlord on the Project.

(c)In
the event said insurance rate is increased over the least hazardous rate due to the nature of the use of the Premises by Tenant, the entire
amount of such increase shall be paid by Tenant as Additional Rent on the first day of the month following receipt of notification of
the payment thereof by Landlord.

(d)Tenant
shall be entitled to use up to one hundred fifty-six (156) parking spaces (based on a parking ratio of 4 spaces per 1,000 rentable square
feet of the Premises) in the parking areas serving the Building, on a first come, first served basis in common with other tenants. There
will be no assigned parking unless Landlord determines that allocation of parking spaces among tenants is appropriate. Tenant shall not
park vehicles at the Project overnight. Tenant shall not store trailers or any other items outside the Building or at the Project

8.Condition
of the Premises; Repairs by Landlord.

(a)Subject
only to Landlords agreement to complete the Landlords Work, Tenant shall accept the Premises on the Commencement Date in
its AS-IS condition, subject to all applicable laws, ordinances, regulations, covenants and restrictions, and Landlord shall
have no obligation to perform or pay for any repair or other work therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord hereby represents that
the heating, ventilating and air conditioning units serving the Premises and the plumbing and electrical systems and docks serving the
Premises shall be in good working order as of the Commencement Date. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, Landlord has made
no representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for the conduct of Tenants business, and Tenant waives any
implied warranty that the Premises are suitable for Tenants intended purposes. TENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO
LANDLORDS WORK AND UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN (1) IT HAS INSPECTED AND ACCEPTS THE PREMISES IN AN AS IS,
WHERE IS CONDITION, (2) THE BUILDING AND IMPROVEMENTS COMPRISING THE SAME ARE SUITABLE FOR THE PURPOSE FOR WHICH THE PREMISES ARE
LEASED AND LANDLORD HAS MADE NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, COVENANT, OR AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE PREMISES, (3) THE PREMISES ARE IN GOOD AND SATISFACTORY CONDITION, (4) NO REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE REPAIR OF
THE PREMISES, NOR PROMISES TO ALTER, REMODEL OR IMPROVE THE PREMISES HAVE BEEN MADE BY LANDLORD AND (5) THERE ARE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, THAT EXTEND BEYOND THE DESCRIPTION OF THE PREMISES. Except as otherwise may expressly be
provided herein, in no event shall Landlord have any obligation for any defects in the Premises or any limitation on its use. The taking
of possession of the Premises shall be conclusive evidence that Tenant accepts the Premises and that the Premises were in good condition
at the time possession was taken except for Landlords Work (if any), items that are Landlords responsibility hereunder and
any punchlist items agreed to in writing by Landlord and Tenant.

6 

(b) Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Lease, Landlord shall not be required to make any repairs or improvements to the Premises, except
repairs to the foundation, exterior walls or roof of the Building as the same may be required, and then only if not brought about by any
act or neglect of Tenant, its agents, employees, contractors, invitees, licensees or assignees. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing limitation, Landlord specifically shall have no obligation to repair any interior or exterior glass or doors (including loading
doors) located in or on or constituting a part of the Premises.

(c)Landlord
shall be responsible for the maintenance of the parking areas, sidewalks, exterior lighting, drainage facilities and landscaped areas
which are from time to time designated by Landlord for the common use by tenants of the Building.

9.Repairs
by Tenant. Tenant shall repair, maintain, replace as necessary, and keep in good, clean, and safe repair all portions of the Premises
and all equipment, fixtures and systems therein which are not specifically set forth as the responsibility of Landlord in Section 8
of this Lease. Tenants repairs and replacements shall include, without limitation, all electrical, plumbing, heating and air-conditioning
(HVAC) systems, parts, components and fixtures; provided, however, that Landlord shall enter into an annual maintenance
contract for the regular maintenance and service of such HVAC system and the costs incurred by Landlord in connection therewith shall
be included in CAM Charges in accordance with Section 4 above. Tenant shall also promptly repair or replace all partitions and
all glass and plate glass within or constituting a part of the Premises immediately when cracked or broken, unless caused by Landlord
or Landlords employees or agents, and Tenant shall be liable for and shall hold Landlord harmless against all loss, cost and damage
(including reasonable attorneys fees) arising from any damage or injury to the Premises or the Project or to any person or property
caused or contributed to by any act or negligence of Tenant, any invitee, agent, affiliate, customer or client of Tenant or anyone in
Tenants control or employ. Landlord shall be under no obligation to inspect the Premises. Tenant shall promptly report in writing
to Landlord any defective conditions known to Tenant which Landlord is required to repair, and failure to promptly report such defects
shall make Tenant liable to Landlord for any liability incurred by Landlord by reason of such defects, and Tenant indemnifies and holds
Landlord harmless from and against all loss, costs and damage (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising from or related to
Tenants failure to so report such defective conditions. In no event shall Tenant cause or allow any outside storage of trash, refuse,
debris, or anything else on the Premises, whether in the area of the dumpster or otherwise. All personal property of Tenant or Tenants
employees, agents, affiliates or invitees located in or brought upon the Premises or any part of the Building shall be at risk of Tenant
only, and Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant or any other party for any damage thereto or theft thereof resulting from any cause.

10.Landlords
Work.

(a) Landlord
agrees that it will perform Landlords Work (as defined in the Work Letter), subject to the terms and conditions thereof.

(b)Tenant
further agrees that, if (i) this Lease shall terminate prior to the expiration of the initial Term as a result of an Event of Default
by Tenant hereunder, or (ii) Landlord shall exercise any of Landlords rights and remedies pursuant to Section 13 as a result
of Tenants default, whether or not this Lease is terminated, then in any of such events Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for all
of the then-unamortized costs incurred by Landlord in connection with Landlords Work. The remedy provided in this Section 10(b)
is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies available to Landlord at law, in equity or otherwise.

11.Right
of Entry. Landlord and Landlords agents and representatives shall have the right to enter and inspect the Premises at any
reasonable time during business hours after reasonable notice to Tenant (which notice may be electronic and which shall not be required
in the event of an emergency), for the purpose ascertaining the condition of the Premises or in order to make such repairs as may be required
or permitted to be made by Landlord under the terms of this Lease. In the event Landlord or Landlords agents or representatives
enter the Premises for any of such purposes, they shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize interference with the conduct
of business on the Premises by Tenant. During the period that is nine (9) months prior to the end of the Term hereof, Landlord and Landlords
agent and representatives shall have the right to enter the Premises at any reasonable time during business hours for the purpose of showing
the Premises to prospective tenants after reasonable notice to Tenant and shall have the right to erect on the Premises a suitable sign
indicating the Premises are available. Tenant shall give written notice to Landlord at least sixty (60) days prior to vacating the Premises
and shall arrange to meet with Landlord for a joint inspection of the Premises prior to vacating. In the event of Tenants failure
to give such notice or arrange such joint inspection, Landlords inspection at or after Tenants vacating the Premises shall
be conclusively deemed correct for purposes of determining Tenants responsibility for repairs and restoration.

7 

For each of the aforesaid
purposes, Landlord shall at all times have and retain a key with which to unlock all of the doors in, upon, and about the Premises, and
Landlord shall have the right to use any and all means which Landlord may deem necessary or proper to open said doors in an emergency,
in order to obtain entry to any portion of the Premises, and any entry to the Premises, or portions thereof obtained by Landlord by any
of said means, or otherwise, shall not under any circumstances be construed or deemed to be a forcible or unlawful entry into, or a detainer
of the Premises, or an eviction, actual or constructive, of Tenant from the Premises or any portions thereof. Landlord shall also have
the right at any time, without the same constituting an actual or constructive eviction and without incurring any liability to Tenant
therefor, to change the arrangement and/or location of entrances or passageways, doors and doorways, and corridors, elevator, stairs,
toilets, or other common areas of the Building and to change the name, number of designation by which the Building is commonly known,
provided such changes are required by any applicable code or regulation. Landlord does reserve the right to change the name of the Project
without Tenants consent.

12.Landlords
Right to Act for Tenant. If Tenant fails to make any payment or take any other action when and as required under this Lease, Landlord
may, without demand upon Tenant and without waiving or releasing Tenant from any duty, obligation or liability under this Lease, make
any such payment or take any such other action required of Tenant. The actions which Landlord may take shall include, but are not limited
to, the performance of maintenance or repairs and the making of replacements to the Premises, the payment of insurance premiums which
Tenant is required to pay under this Lease and the payment of taxes and assessments which Tenant is required to pay under this Lease.
All amounts paid by Landlord pursuant to this Section 12, and all costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in exercising Landlords
rights under this Section 12 (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, penalties, re-instatement
fees, late charges and interest) shall bear interest at the lesser of (i) eighteen (18%) percent per annum or (ii) the highest rate permitted
under applicable law (the Default Rate of Interest), from the date of payment by Landlord and shall be payable by
Tenant to Landlord upon demand.

13.Default.

(a) Each
of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default by Tenant under this Lease:

(i)If
Tenant shall fail to pay when due any Rent or other payment to be made by Tenant hereunder and shall not cure such failure within five
(5) days after the due date (as to the scheduled monthly Rent payments) or within five (5) days after written notice thereof from Landlord
(as to nonscheduled payments), as the case may be; or

(ii)If
Tenant shall violate or breach, or shall fail fully and completely to observe, keep, satisfy, perform and comply with, any agreement,
term, covenant, condition, requirement, restriction or provision of this Lease (other than the payment of Rent or any other payment made
by Tenant), and shall not cure such failure within ten (10) days after Landlord gives Tenant written notice thereof; or

(iii)If
Tenant shall (a) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (b) commence any proceeding for relief, or seeking reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution or composition of it or its debts or seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian
or other similar official for it or for all or of any substantial part of its property; (c) become the subject of any proceeding described
in subsection (b) above which is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after its filing or entry; or (d) die or suffer a legal disability
(if Tenant is an individual) or be dissolved or otherwise fail to maintain its legal existence (if Tenant is a corporation, partnership
or other entity);

(iv) If
Tenant shall fail to discharge or bond over any lien placed upon the Premises in violation of this Lease within ten (10) days after Tenant
receives notice that any such lien or encumbrance is filed against the Premises; or

(v)If
the Premises are deserted or abandoned.

For the purposes of the Events of Default specified
in clause 13(a) above, the word Tenant shall include, without limitation: (i) any party comprising Tenant, should more than
one person or entity execute this Lease as Tenant, or any general partner or going venturer of Tenant or any such party; and (ii) any
person or entity now or hereafter liable, whether primarily, secondarily or contingently, for the performance of the duties and obligations
of Tenant under this Lease, including without limitation any principal, maker, endorser, guarantor or surety.

8 

(b)Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, Landlord may pursue any one or more of the following remedies, in addition to any other remedies
provided under this Lease, at law or in equity, separately or concurrently or in any combination, without any notice (except as specifically
provided herein) or demand whatsoever and without prejudice to any other remedy which it may have for possession of the Premises or for
arrearages in Rent or other amounts payable by Tenant:

(i)Revoke
Tenants right to pay Rent reserved in this Lease in monthly installments; require immediate payment of the balance of Rent for
the then-current calendar year in full; and require payment of Rent for each subsequent calendar year in full in advance on the first
day of such calendar year.

(ii)Terminate
this Lease, in which event, unless Landlord has previously taken possession of the Premises, Tenant shall immediately surrender the Premises
to Landlord. If Tenant fails to do so, Landlord may, without prejudice to any other remedy which Landlord may have for possession or recovery
of Rent or other sums due, enter upon and take exclusive possession of the Premises, or, at Landlords election, by writ of possession.
In addition to the payment of Rent or other sums then due, Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand the amount of all loss and damage which
Landlord suffers by reason of such event of default, together with, at Landlords election, either (1) Rents which accrue after
termination prior to reletting and any deficiency between Rent obtained upon reletting and the Rent due under the Lease, calculated as
each month expires, or (2) the difference between the then present value of the Rent payable over the Term less the then present fair
rental value of the Premises over the Term. Tenant and Landlord recognize and agree that it is difficult or impossible to determine the
then present fair rental value at this time, because future market conditions (including future rental value and the probability of reletting
for the remaining term) are difficult or impossible to foresee. Therefore, Tenant agrees to pay, and Landlord agrees to accept, as liquidated
damages, the then present value of the Rent payable over the Term discounted at a rate of 5% per annum. In calculating the amount of agreed
liquidated damages, the parties have taken into account a reasonable estimate of Landlords loss and damage which Landlord may suffer
by reason of such default to the extent such loss and damage has not been actually determined at the time of this calculation. Tenant
agrees that such payment shall not constitute a penalty but shall be construed as liquidated damages. Upon making such payment Tenant
shall receive from Landlord all Rents received by Landlord on account of the Premises during the original term of the Lease. However,
Tenant shall in no event be entitled to payment of or credit for any surplus of Rents obtained on reletting of the Premises over Rent
or other sums due under this Lease. No such termination or taking possession shall relieve Tenant of Tenants liability for Rent
or other sums which have accrued or which thereafter accrue except as provided in this Section 13(b).

(iii)Without
terminating this Lease, enter upon and take exclusive possession of the Premises, if necessary, and, at Landlords election, by
writ of possession, and if Landlord so elects at any time prior to termination of this Lease, relet the Premises on Tenants account
on such terms as Landlord may deem advisable and receive and credit to Tenants account any rent from reletting. In addition to
the Rent or other sums which have accrued or which accrue prior to reletting, Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand Landlords
loss and damage by reason of Tenants event of default, together with any deficiency between the rents obtained under such payment
of or credit for any surplus of rents obtained on reletting over the Rent or other sums due under the Lease. No such taking of possession
or reletting shall relieve Tenant of the liability for Rent or other sums then accrued or which thereafter accrued except as provided
in this Section 13(b).

(iv)Without
terminating this Lease, enter upon the Premises, if necessary, and at Landlords election, under any available process, and do whatever
Tenant is obligated to do under the terms of this Lease. Tenant shall pay Landlord promptly upon invoice any expenses, including reasonable
attorneys fees, which Landlord incurs in thus effecting compliance with Tenants obligations under this Lease, but Landlord
shall not be liable for any damages resulting to Tenant from such action, whether caused by the negligence of Landlord or otherwise. No
such entry or action by Landlord shall relieve Tenant of the liability for Rent or other sums then accrued or which thereafter accrue.

9 

(v)Pursue
any other available remedies provided or permitted by law.

(c)Pursuit
of any remedy shall not constitute a forfeiture or waiver of any Rent or other sums due to Landlord or of any loss or damages accruing
to Landlord by reason of any violation of this Lease theretofore accrued or which thereafter accrue except as provided in this Lease.
Forbearance by Landlord to enforce a remedy available upon an event of default shall not be a waiver of such default or of the right to
pursue any remedy during the continuance of such event of default or upon any subsequent or other event of default.

(d)Landlords
loss and damage by reason of any event of default shall include the expense of taking possession, the unamortized cost of any improvements
or contribution or allowance for such improvements to the Premises made by Landlord to the extent such improvements are not used by any
Tenant upon reletting, the cost of any repairs or remodeling by Landlord following repossession made for the purposes of reletting except
that such cost shall be amortized on a straight line basis over the term of the reletting and only the part thereof allocable to the remaining
Term, calculated without regard to the termination of this Lease by reason of the event of default, shall be chargeable to Tenant, and
legal fees and brokers commissions incident to reletting, except that such legal fees and brokers commissions, if not otherwise
allocated, shall be amortized over the term of the reletting and only the part thereof allocable to the remaining Term, calculated without
regard to the termination of this Lease by reason of an event of default, shall be chargeable to Tenant.

(e)If
Landlord is permitted to retake possession of the Premises, Landlord may enforce such right by summary proceedings or otherwise.

(f)The
term reserved as applied to Base Rent or Additional Rent herein means any and all payments to which Landlord is entitled
during the Term.

14.Rights
Cumulative. All rights, remedies, powers and privileges conferred under this Lease on Landlord shall be cumulative of and in addition
to, but not restrictive of or in lieu of, those conferred by law.

15.Liens.
Tenant hereby indemnifies Landlord against, and shall keep the Premises, the Building and the Project free from liens for any work performed,
material furnished or obligations incurred by Tenant. Should any liens or claims be filed against the Premises, the Building or the Project
by reason of Tenants acts or omissions, Tenant shall cause the same to be discharged by bond or otherwise within ten (10) days
after filing. If Tenant fails to cause any such lien or claim to be discharged, then Landlord may make any payment that Landlord, in its
sole judgment, considers necessary, desirable or proper in order to do so. All amounts paid by Landlord shall bear interest at the Default
Rate of Interest from the date of payment by Landlord and shall be payable by Tenant to Landlord upon demand.

16.Tenants
Property; Alterations to the Premises.

(a)Tenant
shall not remove any personal property, fixtures or equipment from the Premises at any time during which Tenant is in default under this
Lease. Upon any termination of this Lease at a time at which Tenant shall be liable in any amount to Landlord under this Lease, Landlord
shall have a lien upon the personal property and effects of Tenant within the Premises, and Landlord shall have the right, at Landlords
election, without notice to Tenant, to sell at a private, commercially reasonable sale all or part of said property and to apply the proceeds
thereof against any amounts due under this Lease from Tenant to Landlord, including the expenses of such sale. If Tenant shall not remove
all of Tenants effects from the Premises at any expiration or other termination of this Lease, all property and effects of Tenant
remaining on the Premises shall be deemed conclusively abandoned and may be removed by Landlord, and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for
the cost of removing the same.

(b)Tenant
shall not make any alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises, exterior or interior, without the prior written consent of
Landlord, except for unattached movable fixtures which may be installed without drilling, cutting or otherwise defacing the Premises.
If any such alterations, additions or improvements are made, then at the expiration of the Term of this Lease, Tenant agrees to restore
the Premises to the condition prior to making same, at Tenants sole cost and expense, reasonable wear and tear excepted, provided
that if Landlord does not require removal, then all such alterations, additions or improvements shall become the sole property of Landlord.
Tenant may not use or penetrate the roof of the Premises for any purpose whatsoever without Landlords prior written consent, which
may be withheld in Landlords sole discretion. All construction work done by Tenant in the Premises shall be performed in a good
and workmanlike manner, in compliance with all governmental requirements, and at such times and in such manner as will cause a minimum
of interference with other construction in progress and with the transaction of business in the Building. Tenant shall and hereby agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless Landlord from and against any and all loss, cost, damage, expense or liability (including, without limitation,
court costs and attorneys fees) ever suffered or incurred by Landlord as a result of any penetration of the roof, including, without
limitation, costs of repair, loss of income, claims for damages from other Tenants of the Building and damages which result if any warranty
held or maintained by Landlord is voided or impaired by such penetration. The provisions hereof shall survive the expiration or any termination
of this Lease.

10 

17.Subletting
and Assignment.

(a)In
the event Tenant desires to assign or otherwise transfer this Lease (or any interest herein, in whole or in part, by operation of law
or otherwise) or sublet the Premises or any part thereof, or allow same to be used or occupied by others (collectively, Transfer),
Tenant shall give Landlord written notice thereof (which notice shall specify the duration of said desired sublease or assignment or other
transfer, the date same is to occur, the exact location of the space affected thereby and the proposed rent on a square foot basis chargeable
thereunder) at least sixty (60) days in advance of the date on which Tenant desires to make such Transfer. Landlord shall then have a
period of forty-five (45) days following receipt of such notice within which to notify Tenant in writing that Landlord elects either:
(i) to deny Tenants request for such Transfer; (ii) to terminate this Lease as to the space so affected as of the date so
specified by Tenant, in which event Tenant shall be relieved of all obligations hereunder as to such space arising from and after such
date; (iii) to suspend this Lease as to the space so affected as of the date and for the duration so specified by Tenant in its notice,
in which event Tenant will be relieved of all obligations hereunder as to such space during said suspension, including a suspension of
the Rent hereunder in proportion to the portion of the Premises affected thereby (but after said suspension, if the suspension is not
for the full term hereof, Tenant shall once again become liable hereunder as to the applicable space); or (iv) subject to the terms and
provisions of this Section 17, to permit such Transfer, subject, however, to the subsequent written approval of the proposed assignee
or sublessee or other transferee by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld if: (1) the proposed assignee or sublessee
or other transferee is a respectable party of substantial financial worth (as determined solely by Landlord) and Tenant shall have provided
Landlord with proof thereof; (2) the nature and character of the proposed assignee or sublessee, its business and activities, and intended
use of the Premises are, in Landlords sole judgment, consistent with the standards of the Building; (3) the proposed assignee or
sublessee or other transferee will not use the Premises, Building or Project in a manner that would materially increase the pedestrian
or vehicular traffic to, or parking within, the Premises, Building or Project; (4) the proposed assignee or sublessee or other transferee
is not a governmental entity, or subdivision or agency thereof; (5) the proposed assignee or sublessee or other transferee is in compliance
with the regulations of OFAC and any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive Order Blocking Property
and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action relating
thereto; (6) neither the proposed assignee, transferee or sublessee (nor any party which, directly or indirectly, controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with the proposed assignee, transferee or sublessee) is then an occupant of any part of the Building or
a party with whom Landlord is then negotiating (or has within the preceding six (6) months negotiated) to lease space in the Building;
(7) the form and substance of the proposed sublease or instrument of assignment or other transfer is acceptable to Landlord (which acceptance
by Landlord shall not be unreasonably withheld) and is expressly subject to all of the terms and provisions of this Lease and to any matters
to which this Lease is subject; (8) the proposed occupancy would not impose an extra burden upon the services to be supplied by Landlord
to Tenant hereunder; and (9) Tenant enters into a written agreement with Landlord whereby it is agreed that any profit realized by Tenant
as a result of said Transfer and any and all sums and other considerations of whatsoever nature paid to Tenant by the assignee, transferee
or sublessee for or by reason of such Transfer, including, but not limited to, sums paid for the sale of Tenants fixtures, leasehold
improvements, equipment, furniture, furnishings or other personal property (that is, after deducting and giving Tenant credit for Tenants
reasonable costs directly associated therewith, including reasonable brokerage fees and the reasonable cost of remodeling or otherwise
improving the Premises for said assignee or sublessee or other transferee, but excluding any free rent or the like offered to any such
sublessee or assignee) shall be payable to Landlord as it accrues, as Additional Rent hereunder.

(b)Each
sublessee or assignee or other transferee shall fully observe all covenants of this Lease, including, without limitation, the provisions
of this Section 17, and no consent by Landlord to any Transfer shall be deemed in any manner to be a consent to a use not permitted
hereunder. No Transfer by Tenant shall relieve Tenant of any obligation under this Lease, and Tenant shall remain fully liable hereunder.
Any attempted Transfer by Tenant in violation of the terms and covenants of this Section 17 shall be void and shall constitute
an Event of Default under this Lease. Any consent by Landlord to a particular Transfer shall not constitute Landlords consent to
any other or subsequent Transfer, and any proposed Transfer by any assignee or sublessee or transferee shall be subject to the provisions
of this Section 17, as if it were a proposed Transfer by Tenant. The prohibition against a Transfer described in this Section
17 shall be deemed to include a prohibition against Tenants mortgaging or otherwise encumbering its leasehold estate, as well
as against an assignment or sublease or other transfer which may occur by operation of law or by a merger, transfer or sale of stock,
partnership interest or other equitable interest resulting in a change of ownership interest in Tenant of more than fifty percent (50%),
each of which shall be ineffective and void and shall constitute an Event of Default under this Lease unless consented to by Landlord
in writing in advance.

(c)In
any situation in which Landlord consents to a Transfer hereunder, Tenant shall promptly deliver to Landlord a fully executed copy of the
final sublease agreement, assignment instrument or other transfer instrument and all ancillary agreements relating thereto. In the case
of an assignment, same shall not be effective unless the assignee has agreed within the assignment instrument to assume the obligations
of Tenant hereunder and to be personally bound by all of the covenants, terms and conditions hereof on the part of Tenant to be performed
or observed hereunder.

(d)Tenant
shall reimburse Landlord for all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by Landlords in connection with any requested
Transfer.

11 

18.Damage
or Destruction.

(a)If
the Building or Premises are rendered partially or wholly unfit for occupancy by fire, the elements, act of God or other casualty (collectively,
a Casualty), and if such damage cannot, in Landlords reasonable estimation, be materially restored within
two hundred seventy (270) days after such Casualty, then Landlord may, at its sole option, terminate this Lease as of the date of such
Casualty and the Term shall end on such date as if that date had been originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term. Landlord
shall exercise its election to terminate provided herein by written notice to Tenant within ninety (90) days after such Casualty. For
purposes hereof, the Building or Premises shall be deemed to have been materially restored if they are in such condition as would not
prevent or materially interfere with Tenants use of the Premises for the Permitted Use.

(b)If
this Lease is not terminated pursuant to subsection (a) above, then Landlord shall proceed with all due diligence to repair and restore
the Building or Premises, as the case may be (except that Landlord may elect not to rebuild, and thus terminate this Lease, if such Casualty
occurs during the last year of the Term exclusive of any renewal or extension option that is unexercised at the date of such Casualty).
If Landlord shall fail to materially restore the Premises within two hundred seventy (270) days after the date of the Casualty, then Tenant
may at its option and as its sole remedy terminate this Lease by delivering written notice to Landlord, whereupon the Lease shall end
on the date of such notice as if the date of such notice were the date originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term hereof;
provided, however, that if construction is delayed because of changes, deletions, or additions in construction requested by Tenant, or
because of strikes, lockouts, casualties, acts of God, war, material or labor shortages, governmental regulation or control, or other
causes beyond the reasonable control of Landlord, then the period for restoration, repair or rebuilding shall be extended for the amount
of time Landlord is so delayed. In no event shall Landlord be required to rebuild, repair or replace any part of the partitions, fixtures,
additions, or other property and improvements that may have been placed in or about the Premises by Tenant.

(c)If
this Lease shall not be terminated by Landlord pursuant to this Section 18 and if the Premises is unfit for occupancy in whole
or in part following such Casualty, then the Base Rent payable during the period in which the Premises is unfit for occupancy shall abate
in proportion to the percentage of the rentable area of the Premises rendered unfit by such Casualty; provided, however, that no such
abatement shall be made under the provisions of this subsection (c) if such Casualty shall have been caused through the negligence or
willful misconduct of Tenant, its agents, employees, contractors, invitees, licensees, sublessees or assignees.

(d)Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if, following any Casualty, the holder of any indebtedness secured by a mortgage or deed to secure debt
or similar instrument covering the Premises or Building requires that any insurance proceeds resulting from the Casualty be paid to it
rather than to Landlord for the rebuilding or restoration of the Premises or the Building, then Landlord shall have the right to terminate
this Lease by delivering written notice of termination to Tenant within fifteen (15) days after such requirement is made by any such holder,
whereupon the Lease shall end on the date of the Casualty as if the date of such Casualty were the date originally fixed in this Lease
for the expiration of the Term.

(e)If
any Casualty described in this Section 18 occurs, then Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any inconvenience, annoyance,
loss of profits, expenses, or any other type of injury or damage resulting from the repair of any such Casualty, or from any repair, modification,
arranging or rearranging of any portion of the Premises or any part or all of the Building or for termination of this Lease as provided
in this Section 18, except to the extent of any bodily injury to persons or damage to property resulting solely from Landlords
gross negligence or intentional misconduct in performing such work.

12 

19.Condemnation.

(a)If
all or any substantial part of the Building or Premises should be taken for any public or quasi-public use under governmental law, ordinance,
or regulation, or by right of eminent domain, or by purchase in lieu thereof, and the taking would prevent or materially interfere with
the use of the Premises for the purpose for which it is then being used, then this Lease shall terminate effective when the physical taking
shall occur in the same manner as if the date of such taking were the date originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term.

(b)If
part of the Building or Premises is taken for any public or quasi-public use under any governmental law, ordinance, or regulation, or
by right of eminent domain, or by private purchase in lieu thereof, and this Lease is not terminated as provided in subsection (a) above,
then this Lease shall not terminate but the Rent payable hereunder during the unexpired portion of this Lease shall be reduced to such
extent, if any, as may be fair and reasonable under all the circumstances, and Landlord shall undertake to restore the Building and Premises
to a condition suitable for Tenants use, as near to the condition thereof immediately prior to such taking as is reasonably feasible
under all circumstances; provided, however, that (i) if the part of the Building so taken or purchased in lieu of taking shall contain
more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the rentable area of the Premises immediately prior to such taking or purchase in lieu of taking,
or (ii) if by reason of such taking or purchase in lieu of taking Tenant no longer has a reasonable means of access to the Premises, then
Tenant may, at Tenants option, terminate this Lease by delivering to Landlord written notice of Tenants election so to terminate
at least five (5) days in advance, and this Lease shall terminate as if the date of such election were the date originally fixed in this
Lease for the expiration of the Term.

(c)Tenant
shall not share in any condemnation award or payment in lieu thereof or in any award for damages resulting from any grade change of adjacent
streets, the same being hereby assigned to Landlord by Tenant; however, Tenant may separately claim and receive from the condemning authority
(but not from Landlord), if legally payable, compensation for Tenants removal and relocation costs and for Tenants loss
of business and/or business interruption, provided that such claim and recovery in no way diminishes Landlords recovery.

(d)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 19, if during the Term the use or occupancy of any part of the Building or Premises
shall be taken or appropriated temporarily for any public or quasi-public use under any governmental law, ordinance, or regulation, or
by right of eminent domain, or by private agreement in lieu thereof, then this Lease shall be and remain unaffected by such taking or
appropriation and Tenant shall continue to pay in full all Rent payable hereunder by Tenant during the Term of this Lease; in the event
of any such temporary appropriation or taking, Tenant shall be entitled to receive that portion of any award which represents compensation
for the loss of use or occupancy of the Premises during the term of this Lease, and Landlord shall be entitled to receive that portion
of any award which represents the cost of restoration and compensation for the loss of use or occupancy of the Premises, after the end
of the Term, and of the Building.

20.Indemnity
and Hold Harmless. Landlord shall not be liable for, and Tenant will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord from, all fines,
suits, claims, demands, losses, and actions, including attorneys fees, for any injury to persons or damage to or loss of property
on or about the Premises or in or about the Building or the Project caused by Tenant, its employees, invitees, licensees, or by any other
person entering the Premises or the Building under express or implied invitation of Tenant, or arising out of Tenants use of the
Premises. This indemnity provision is intended to indemnify Landlord and its agents against the consequences of their own negligence or
fault as provided above when Landlord or its agents are jointly, comparatively, or concurrently negligent with Tenant. This indemnity
provision shall survive termination or expiration of this Lease.

13 

21.Insurance
and Waiver of Subrogation.

(a)At
all times during the Term, the parties shall procure and maintain the following types of insurance coverage:

(i)Tenant
shall maintain a policy of comprehensive public liability insurance at Tenants sole cost and expense, insuring Landlord against
liability arising out of the use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises and Property and containing a cross-liability endorsement and
a severability of interests clause. The initial amount of such insurance shall be at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and $3,000,000 aggregate
coverage. Such coverage requirement does not constitute any recommendation by Landlord as to appropriate limits of coverage, but is merely
Landlords minimum requirement.

(ii)Landlord
shall maintain policies of insurance covering loss of or damage to the Property and Building in such amount or percentage of replacement
value as Landlord or its insurance advisor deems reasonable in relation to the age, location, type of construction and physical conditions
of the Property and Building and the availability of such insurance at reasonable rates. Tenant shall, at Tenants sole cost and
expense, maintain insurance coverage for Tenants inventory and other personal property, fixtures, equipment or building improvements
installed by Tenant in or on the Property in such amount or percentage of replacement value as Tenant or its insurance advisor deems reasonable.
Tenant shall not do or permit to be done anything within its control which invalidates any such insurance policies to the extent made
known to Tenant and to the extent consistent with Tenants Permitted Use.

(iii)Tenant
shall carry, at Tenants sole cost and expense, workers compensation coverage in the minimum required statutory amount insuring
all eligible employees of Tenant on the Property.

(iv)Tenant
shall carry, at Tenants sole cost and expense, automobile liability insurance in commercially reasonable amounts, covering company
owned vehicles, if any.

(v)Tenant
shall carry, at Tenants sole cost and expense, insurance covering damage from leakage of sprinkler systems now or hereafter installed
in the Premises in an amount not less than the current replacement cost covering Tenants merchandise, Tenants improvements,
Tenants trade fixtures and Tenants other property located at the Premises.

(vi)Tenant
shall carry, at Tenants sole cost and expense, such other insurance and in such amounts as may be required by Landlord against
other insurable hazards as at the time are commonly required by prudent owners of comparable leasable properties in the area in which
the Property is located.

(b)The
amount of any insurance coverage required to be carried by either party hereunder shall not limit such partys liability nor relieve
such party of any obligation hereunder. Landlord shall be listed as additional insured and/or loss payee on each policy required to be
maintained by Tenant hereunder. Each such policy shall contain a provision which prohibits cancellation or modification of the policy
except upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Landlord. Tenant shall deliver a copy of each such policy or certificate (or
a renewal thereof) to Landlord prior to the replacement policy or certificate thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of any policy during
the Term. If Tenant fails to maintain such policy, Landlord may, upon ten (10) days written notice to Tenant, elect to maintain
such insurance at Tenants expense, to be paid by Tenant, as Additional Rent, upon presentation of Landlords bill thereof.
All insurance procured by Tenant shall be in a form reasonably satisfactory to Landlord and carried with insurance companies reasonably
acceptable to Landlord that are licensed or authorized to do business and in good standing in the state in which the Premises are located,
and have a current rating issued by A.M. Best Company of not less than A-:VIL. Insurance coverage shall be written as primary policy coverage
and not contributing with or excess of any coverage, which Landlord may carry. Tenant shall furnish Landlord at the inception of this
Lease a Certificate of Insurance evidencing that all such insurance is in effect.

14 

(c)Set
forth in in Section 4 above, Tenant shall pay Tenants Share of any Insurance Costs incurred by Landlord. Tenant shall pay
for any increase in the Insurance Costs caused solely by Tenants acts or omissions or Tenants use or occupancy of the Premises.

(d)Landlord
and Tenant each hereby waive any and all rights of recovery against the other, or against the officers, employees, agents or representatives
of the other, for loss of or damage to its property or the property of others under its control, if such loss or damage is covered by
any insurance policy in force (whether or not described in the Lease) at the time of such loss or damage. Landlord and Tenant shall each
obtain from their respective insurers under all policies of property insurance maintained by either of them at any time during the T erm
hereof insuring or covering the Premises or the Project, as applicable, a waiver of all rights of subrogation which the insurer of one
party might otherwise have, if at all, against the other party.

22.Signage.
Tenant shall not install any signs visible from outside the Premises except with the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent
may be withheld or conditioned in Landlords sole reasonable judgment. Any signs permitted by Landlord shall be maintained in compliance
with applicable governmental rules and regulations governing such signs, and Tenant shall be responsible to Landlord for any damage caused
by the installation, use or maintenance of said signs. Tenant agrees, upon removal of said signs, to repair all damage incident thereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to install Project-standard signage above the
entrance to the Premises and on the existing building monument sign for the Building with Landlords prior written approval of the
size, location and design of any such signage (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided that
Tenant shall be solely responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for the removal of any signage installed by Tenant upon the expiration
or any earlier termination of this Lease and the repair of any damage to the Building caused by such removal..

23.Attorneys
Fees. In the event that Landlord or Tenant fail to perform any of the covenants and conditions of this Lease and it becomes necessary
for either party to employ an attorney or other agent to enforce any of the provisions of this Lease, whether suit be brought or not,
the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and all costs, including such fees and costs on
appeal or in bankruptcy, from the other party.

24.Time
of Essence. Time is of the essence of this Lease.

25.Landlord
and Tenant Relationships. This Lease shall create the relationship of Landlord and Tenant between Landlord and Tenant; no estate
shall pass out of Landlord; Tenant has only an usufruct not subject to levy or sale.

26.Holding
Over. If Tenant fails to vacate and surrender occupancy of the Premises upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term
in accordance with the terms of this Lease, Tenants occupancy shall be deemed a tenancy at sufferance at a rental rate of one hundred
fifty percent (150%) of the Rent previously payable under this Lease, per diem. If Tenant becomes a tenant at sufferance pursuant to the
foregoing, Tenant shall vacate the Premises immediately at any time upon Landlords demand and, Tenant shall also indemnify Landlord
against all claims for damages against Landlord as a result of Tenants possession of the Premises, including, without limitation,
claims for damages by any tenant to whom Landlord may have leased the Premises, or any portion thereof, for a term commencing after the
expiration or termination of this Lease.

27.Sale
by Landlord. In the event of any sale, conveyance, transfer, or assignment by Landlord of its interest in and to the Premises,
all obligations under this Lease of the party selling, conveying, transferring, assigning or otherwise disposing shall cease and terminate
and Tenant releases said party from same, and Tenant shall thereafter look only and solely to the party to whom or which the Premises
were sold, conveyed, transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of for performance of all of Landlords duties and obligations
under this Lease.

15 

28.Surrender
of the Premises. Upon the termination of the Lease, Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord, broom clean and in the same
condition as received except for ordinary wear and tear, and shall return to Landlord all keys to the Premises in Tenants possession.
In addition. Landlord may require Tenant to remove any alterations, additions or improvements (whether or not made with Landlords
consent) prior to the termination of the Lease and to restore the Premises to its prior condition, all at Tenants expense. All
alterations, additions and improvements which Landlord has not required Tenant to remove shall become Landlords property and shall
be surrendered to Landlord upon the termination of the Lease, except that Tenant may remove any of Tenants furniture, fixtures
and equipment that can be removed without damage to the Premises or the Building. Tenant shall repair, at Tenants expense, any
damage to the Premises, Building or Project caused by the removal of any such furniture, fixtures or equipment. In no event, however,
shall Tenant remove any of the following materials or equipment without Landlords prior written consent: any power wiring or power
panels; lighting or lighting fixtures; wall coverings; blinds or other window coverings; carpets or other floor coverings; heaters, air
conditioners or any other heating or air conditioning equipment; or other building operating equipment. Any of Tenants property
remaining in the Premises after the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease shall be deemed abandoned by Tenant, and Landlord,
in addition to all other rights and remedies it may have, shall have the right to keep in place and use all of such property in the Premises
and/or remove any or all of such property from the Premises, which may then be disposed of, or stored at the cost of and for the account
of Tenant. Landlord shall not be responsible for the care or safekeeping of any such property and Tenant waives any claim against Landlord
relating thereto. The terms and conditions of this Section 28 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.

29.Notices.
Unless otherwise set forth in this Lease, any notice, demand, or request to be given under this Lease (i) may be given by either party
or its attorney or agent, (ii) shall be in writing, and (iii) shall be deemed to have been properly given (a) on the date delivered personally
(including by courier), (b) one (1) business day following deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, (c) three
(3) business days following deposit with the United States Postal Service (designated certified mail, return receipt requested, bearing
adequate postage and addressed as designated below), or (d) upon refusal of delivery by the recipient. Either partys address for
notices may be changed by ten (10) days prior written notice from time to time. The foregoing notice provisions shall in no way prohibit
notices from being given as provided by statute or in the rules of civil procedure of the state in which the Premises are located, as
the same may be amended from time to time (including by posting notice on the door of the Premises) and any notice so given shall constitute
notice herein.

If to Landlord: Albany
Road Breck Exchange LLC

c/o Albany Road
Real Estate Partners

201 4th Avenue North,
Suite 1250

Nashville, TN 37219

Attention: Asset
Manager

With a copy to:

Colliers International

3305 Breckinridge Blvd, Suite 114

Duluth, GA 30096

Attention: Tasha Robinson

If to Tenant: Applied Optoelectronics,
Inc.

2885 Breckinridge Blvd, Suite 150,

Duluth, GA 30096.

Attention: Todd McCrum

With a copy to:

Applied Optoelectronics,
Inc.

13139 Jess Pirtle
Blvd.

Sugar Land, TX 77478

Attention: Legal
Department

16 

30.Parties.
Landlord as used in this lease shall include Landlords assigns and successors in title to the Premises. Tenant
shall include Tenant, and if this Lease shall be validly assigned or the Premises sublet, shall include such assignee or subtenant, its
successors and permitted assigns. Landlord and Tenant shall include male and female, singular and plural,
corporation, partnership or individual, as may fit the particular parties.

31.Subordination
and Attornment.

(a) This
Lease shall be subordinate to the right, title and interest of any lender or other party holding a security interest in or a lien upon
the Premises under any and all mortgage instruments or deeds to secure debt presently encumbering the Premises or the Building and to
any and all other deeds to secure debt or mortgage instruments hereafter encumbering the Premises or the Building.

(b)Tenant
shall at any time hereafter, on demand of Landlord or the holder of any such deed to secure debt or mortgage instrument, execute any instruments
which may reasonably be required by such party for the purpose of evidencing the subordination of this Lease to the lien or security interest
of such party.

(c)Tenant
shall, upon demand, at any time or times, execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord or the holder of any such instruments or deeds
to secure debt, without expense, any and all documents that may be necessary to make this Lease superior to the lien of any of the same.

(d)If
the holder of any of said instruments or deeds to secure debt shall hereafter succeed to the rights of Landlord under this Lease, Tenant
shall, at the option of such holder or a purchaser at any foreclosure or sale under power, attorn to and recognize such successor as Tenants
Landlord under this Lease and shall promptly execute, acknowledge and deliver any instrument that may be necessary to evidence such attornment.
Upon such attornment, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect as a direct lease between each successor Landlord and Tenant,
subject to all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease.

(e)If
Tenant fails at any time to execute, acknowledge and deliver any of the documents provided for by this Section 31 within ten (10)
days after Landlords notice so to do, in addition to the remedies allowed in Section 13 hereof, or otherwise, Landlord may
execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all such documents as the attorney-in-fact of Tenant in its name, place, and stead, and Tenant
hereby appoints Landlord, its successors and assigns as such attorney-in-fact, such power of attorney being coupled with an interest and
being irrevocable by death, dissolution or merger of Tenant.

32.Estoppel
Certificate. From time to time, Tenant shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver to any party designated by Landlord, within ten
(10) days after Landlord has made a request therefor, a certificate (in a form to be specified by Landlord) stating: (i) that by such
certificate the Lease is ratified; (ii) the Commencement Date and the date on which Tenant entered into occupancy of the Premises; (iii)
the amount of the monthly portion of Base Rent and Additional Rent payable hereunder; (iv) that the Lease (unmodified or as modified,
as the case may be, with all amendments or modifications so specified) represents the entire agreement between the parties as to the Premises
(or if such is not the case, the certificate shall so state, specifying the particulars of any other applicable agreement or state of
facts) and is in full force and effect; (v) the Expiration Date; (vi) that, as of the date of the certificate, there are no defaults by
Landlord or Tenant under the Lease, and there are no existing defenses or offsets which Tenant has against the enforcement of the Lease
by Landlord (or, if such is not the case, the certificate shall so state specifying particulars); (vii) the amount of Base Rent and Security
Deposit which has been deposited with Landlord; (viii) the month and year through which Base Rent and Additional Rent have been paid;
(ix) that no actions, voluntary or involuntary, are pending against Tenant under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any State
thereof (or, if such is not the case, the certificate shall so state specifying particulars); (x) that the person executing the certificate
is duly authorized to execute the same on behalf of Tenant, and that the certificate is and shall be binding on Tenant, its successors
and assigns; (xi) that Tenant has not requested any repairs or replacements to the Premises or any other part of the Project that are
Landlords responsibility under the Lease and that have not been completed (or, if such is not the case, the certificate shall so
state specifying particulars); and (xii) such other matters relating to the Lease as may reasonably be requested by Landlord. In the event
that Tenant fails to provide such certificate within ten (10) days after written request by Landlord therefor, Tenant shall be deemed
to have approved the contents of the certificate as submitted to Tenant by Landlord at the time of the written request therefor, and Landlord
is hereby authorized to so certify. Tenant hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that Landlord, any such assignee, mortgagee or other
party shall be entitled to rely upon the certificate so certified by Landlord or any certificate delivered by Tenant hereunder.

17 

33.Governmental
Regulations. Tenant agrees, at its sole expense, to promptly comply with all requirements of any legally constituted public authority
made necessary by reason of Tenants use or occupancy of the Premises.

34.Successors
and Assigns. The provisions of this Lease shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Landlord and Tenant and their respective
successors, heirs, legal representatives and assigns, subject; however, in the case of the Tenant, to the restrictions on assignment and
subletting contained in this Lease.

35.Limitation
of Liability. The liability of Landlord to Tenant for any default by Landlord under the terms of this Lease shall be limited to
Tenants actual direct, but not consequential, damages therefor and shall be recoverable solely from the interest of Landlord in
the Project, and Landlord shall not be personally liable for any deficiency. To the extent permitted by law, neither Landlord nor Landlords
agents, representatives or employees, nor any member of any joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common, pension fund, association or
other form of joint ownership that forms Landlord, shall have any personal liability under this Lease, it being agreed that Tenant will
look solely to the equity interest of Landlord in the Project, as provided above, for the satisfaction of any and all of Tenants
rights and remedies under this Lease, and neither Landlord nor Landlords agents, representatives or employees, nor any member of
any joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common, pension fund, association or other form of joint ownership that forms Landlord, shall
be personally liable for any damages or deficiency. Landlords reservation of rights under this Lease, such as to enter upon or
maintain the Premises, shall not be deemed to create any duty on the part of Landlord to exercise any such right. Landlord expressly advises
Tenant that Landlords intention is that Tenant shall have full responsibility for, and shall assume all risk to, persons and property
while in, on or about the Premises. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease to the contrary, in the event of any default by Landlord
in performing its covenants or obligations hereunder which would give Tenant the right to terminate this Lease, Tenant shall not exercise
such right unless and until Tenant gives written notice of such default (specifying the exact nature of said default and how same may
be cured) to the lessor under any such ground lease and/or the holder(s) of any such mortgage, deed of trust or security agreement who
has theretofore notified Tenant in writing of its interest and the address to which notices to such person or party are to be sent, and
said lessor(s) and/or holder(s) shall fail to cure or cause to be cured said default within thirty (30) days from the receipt of such
notice from Tenant or such longer period as may be reasonably required to effect such cure.

36.Brokerage
Commissions. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that (except with respect to any broker(s) identified in the Lease Summary)
no broker, agent, commission salesman, or other person has represented Tenant in the negotiations for and procurement of this Lease and
of the Premises and that no commissions, fees or compensation of any kind are due and payable in connection herewith to any broker, agent,
commission salesman, or other person. Tenant agrees to indemnify Landlord against and hold Landlord harmless from any and all claims,
suits or judgments (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and court costs incurred in connection with any such
claims, suits or judgments or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnity) for any fees, commissions or compensation of any kind
which arise out of or are in any way connected with any claimed agency relationship with Tenant (except with respect to the broker(s)
and other person(s) or firm(s) excluded above from Tenants representation and warranty of no broker). Tenant further agrees that,
if (i) this Lease shall terminate prior to the Expiration Date as a result of an Event of Default by Tenant hereunder, or (ii) Landlord
shall exercise any of Landlords rights and remedies pursuant to Section 13 as a result of Tenants default, whether
or not this Lease is terminated, then in any of such events Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the Applicable Portion (as hereinafter
defined) of any leasing commission(s) or similar brokerage fee(s) paid or to be paid by Landlord to any broker or brokers with respect
to this Lease. The Applicable Portion of any such leasing commission(s) or brokerage fee(s) shall be determined by
dividing (a) the total amount of such leasing commission(s) and brokerage fee(s) paid or to be paid by Landlord by (b) the
total number of months in the term of this Lease for which Tenant is obligated to pay Base Rent, and then multiplying the resulting
sum by (c) the number of months or fractions thereof remaining in the then unexpired Term of this Lease. Tenant promises to pay Landlord
the Applicable Portion of such leasing commission(s) or brokerage fee(s) within ten (10) days after receipt of Landlords written
request therefor.

37.Rules
and Regulations. Tenant accepts the Premises subject to and hereby agrees with Landlord to abide by the Rules and Regulations
attached to this Lease and incorporated herein by reference, together with such additional Rules and Regulations or amendments thereto
as may hereafter from time to time be reasonably established by Landlord, and such additions or amendments shall be binding on Tenant
upon receipt of same by Tenant.

18 

38.Hazardous
Substances. The term Hazardous Substances, as used in this Lease, shall mean pollutants, contaminants, toxic
or hazardous wastes, or any other substances, the removal of which is required or the use of which is restricted, prohibited or penalized
by any Environmental Law, which term shall mean any existing or future federal, state or local law or ordinance relating
to pollution or protection of the environment. Tenant hereby represents and warrants and covenants with Landlord that:

(a)Tenant
has obtained and shall maintain in good standing all local, state and federal government licenses necessary in order to conduct its operations
at the Premises;

(b)No
activity shall be conducted on the Premises that will produce any Hazardous Substance, except for such activities that (i) are part of
the ordinary course of Tenants business activities; (ii) have been approved in advance by Landlord in writing; and (iii) are conducted
in accordance with all Environmental Laws (the Permitted Activities);

(c)The
Premises shall not be used in any manner for the storage of any Hazardous Substances except for the temporary storage of such materials
that (i) are used in the ordinary course of Tenants business; (ii) have been approved in advance by Landlord in writing; and (iii)
are properly stored in a manner and location meeting the requirements of all Environmental Laws (the Permitted Materials);

(d)No
portion of the Premises shall be used as a landfill or a dump;

(e)Tenant
shall not install any underground tanks of any type on the Premises;

(f)Tenant
shall not allow any surface or subsurface conditions to exist on the Premises or come into existence on the Premises that constitute,
or with the passage of time may constitute, a public or private nuisance;

(g)Tenant
shall not permit any Hazardous Substances to be brought onto the Premises, except for the Permitted Materials, and if so brought or found
thereon, the same shall be immediately removed, with proper disposal, and all required cleanup procedures shall be diligently undertaken
pursuant to all Environmental Laws. If, at any time during or after the Term of the Lease, the Premises are found to be contaminated or
subject to said conditions, Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all claims, demands, actions, liabilities, costs,
expenses, damages and obligations of any nature arising from or as a result of the use of the Premises by Tenant. The foregoing indemnification
shall survive the termination or expiration of this Lease; and

(h)Should
Tenant cause or permit any intentional or unintentional release of Hazardous Substances into the air, or the surface or into the subsurface
of the Project (or any part thereof) or any adjacent properties, Tenant shall immediately notify Landlord and the appropriate jurisdictional
and governmental agencies.

39.Quiet
Enjoyment. If Tenant is not in default under any provision of this Lease, Tenant shall during the Term of this Lease, subject
to the terms of this Lease, have the peaceable and quiet enjoyment and possession of the Premises without any manner of hindrance from
Landlord or any persons lawfully claiming through Landlord.

19 

40.Miscellaneous.
This Lease contains the entire agreement of Landlord and Tenant and no representations or agreements, oral or otherwise, between the parties
not embodied herein shall be of any force or effect. No failure of Landlord to exercise any power given Landlord hereunder, or to insist
upon strict compliance by Tenant of any obligations hereunder, and no custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof
shall constitute a waiver of Landlords right to demand exact compliance with the terms hereof. If any clause of this Lease is illegal,
invalid or unenforceable under applicable present or future laws or regulations effective during the Term of this Lease, the remainder
of this Lease shall not be affected. In lieu of each clause or provision of this Lease which is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, there
shall be added as a part of this Lease a clause or provision as nearly identical as may be possible and so may be legal, valid and enforceable.
This Lease shall be governed by, construed under and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia. Neither
this Lease, nor any memorandum of this Lease or reference hereto, shall be recorded by Tenant without Landlords consent endorsed
hereon or thereon.

41.Force
Majeure. If a party to this Lease cannot perform any of its obligations due to events beyond the reasonable control of such party,
the time provided for performing such obligations shall be extended by a period of time equal to the duration of such events. Events beyond
the reasonable control of a party to this Lease (Force Majeure) include, but are not limited to, acts of God, war,
civil commotion or terrorism, labor disputes, strikes, fire, flood or other casualty, shortages, delayed availability, or unavailability
of labor or materials (including, without limitation, with respect to shortages, delayed availability, or unavailability of contractors,
subcontractors, labor, or materials arising in connection with the occurrence of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic or any other pandemic
or epidemic or circumstances related to the foregoing), government regulations, restrictions, or orders (including, without limitation,
governmental regulations, restrictions, or orders limiting, precluding, preventing, regulating, or otherwise affecting the performance
and/or completion of obligations under this Lease that are adopted, promulgated, or issued as a result of, or in connection with, the
occurrence of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic or any other pandemic or epidemic or circumstances related to the foregoing), and weather
conditions, but exclude financial circumstances. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Section or elsewhere in this Lease, no event
of Force Majeure (or any event deemed to be beyond the control of Tenant) shall be construed to apply to any of the obligations of Tenant
set forth in this Lease with respect to the payment of Rent or to permit or allow Tenant to delay or defer any such obligation to make
payment of Rent as required pursuant to this Lease.

42.Special
Stipulations. In the event any Special Stipulations are attached to this Lease as Exhibit D, the terms thereof shall control
in the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Lease and the provisions thereof.

20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Lease to be executed, under seal, in their respective names and on their behalf by their duly authorized officials,
as of the Effective Date.

LANDLORD:

ALBANY ROAD-BRECK EXCHANGE LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: Albany
Road REF III Property Manager LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company,

its Manager

By: /s/ Christopher J. Knisley

Christopher J. Knisley, President

TENANT:

APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Stefan J. Murry

Printed Name: Stefan J. Murry

Title: Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

21 

RULES AND REGULATIONS

1.Sign
Display. Landlord will provide, at Tenants expense, signage for the Premises. Such signage will be coordinated throughout
the Project for uniformity and attractiveness. No sign, tag, label, picture, advertisement or notice shall be displayed, distributed,
inscribed, painted or affixed by Tenant on any part of the outside or inside of the Building or of the Premises without the prior written
consent of the Landlord.

2.Drives
and Parking Areas. All parking shall be within the property boundaries and within marked parking spaces. There shall be no on-street
parking and at no time shall Tenant obstruct drives and loading areas intended for the use of all Tenants. The drives and parking areas
are for the joint and non-exclusive use of Landlords Tenants, and their agents, customers and invitees, unless specifically marked.
Landlord shall have the right to restrict Tenant, its agents, customers, and/or invitees to certain parking areas. Tenant shall not permit
any fleet trucks to park overnight in the Buildings parking areas.

3.Storage
and Loading Areas. Unless specifically approved by Landlord in writing, no materials, supplies or equipment shall be stored anywhere
except inside the Premises. Trash receptacles may not be placed in the service area except by Landlord.

4.Locks.
No additional locks shall be placed on the doors of the Premises by Tenant nor shall any existing locks be changed unless Landlord is
immediately furnished with two keys for each lock on the entrance doors when Tenant assumes possession, with the understanding that at
the termination or expiration of the Term of the Lease the keys shall be returned.

5.Contractors
and Service Maintenance. Tenant will refer all contractors, contractors representatives and installation technicians rendering
any service on or to the Premises for Tenant to Landlord for its approval and supervision before performance in the Building, including,
but not limited to, installation of electrical devices and attachments and installations of any nature affecting floors, walls, woodwork,
trim, windows, ceilings, equipment or any other physical portion of the Building.

6.Lodging.
Tenant shall not at any time occupy any part of the Building as sleeping or lodging quarters.

7.Regulation
of Operation and Use. Tenant shall not place, install or operate on the Premises or in any part of the Building any engine, stove
or machinery, or conduct mechanical operations or cook thereon or therein, or place or use in or about the Premises any explosives, gasoline,
kerosene, oil, acids, caustics or any other flammable explosive or hazardous material without the prior written consent of Landlord.

8.Window
Coverings. Windows facing the Building exterior shall at all times be wholly clear and uncovered (except for such blinds or curtains
or other window coverings Landlord may provide or approve) so that a full unobstructed view of the interior of the Premises may be had
from outside the Building.

9.Exterior
Installations. Tenant shall not install any radio or television antenna, loudspeaker, or any other device on the roof or exterior
walls of the Building.

10.Animals.
Tenant shall not allow or keep any animals or pets of any kind on the Premises, except those seeing-eye dogs which are for the direct
purposes of aiding and assisting the visually impaired.

22 

11.Waivers.
Landlord may waive any one or more of these Rules and Regulations for the benefit of any particular Tenant in the Building, but no such
waiver by Landlord shall be construed as a general waiver of such Rules and Regulations or of Landlords right to enforce such Rules
and Regulations against Tenant or any other Tenant in the Building.

12.Additions
to Lease. These Rules and Regulations are in addition to, and shall not be construed to in any way modify or amend, in whole or
in part, the terms, covenants, agreements and conditions of the Lease or any other lease of premises in the Building.

13.Access
to Roof. Neither Tenant nor any employee, contractor or invitee of Tenant shall go upon the roof of the Building without the prior
written consent of Landlord.

14.Sales
from Premises. Tenant shall not allow a fire or bankruptcy sale or any auction to be held on the Premises or allow the Premises
to be used for the sale at retail of merchandise to the general public.

15.Modifications.
Landlord shall have the right from time to time to modify, add to or delete any of these Rules and Regulations at Landlords sole
discretion.

23 

EXHIBIT A

Floor
Plan of the Premises

Suite No.: 150

Rentable Square Feet: 38,897

24 

EXHIBIT B

Legal Description
of Project

25 

26 

EXHIBIT C

WORK LETTER

This Work Letter is attached
to and made a part of that certain Lease Agreement (the Lease) dated of even date herewith, by and between ALBANY
ROAD-BRECK CENTER LLC (Landlord) and APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS, INC. (Tenant) relating to the
lease by Landlord to Tenant of certain Premises designated as Suite 150 and located at 2885 Breckinridge Boulevard, Duluth, Georgia. This
Work Letter sets forth the terms and conditions governing the design, permitting and construction of the initial tenant improvements to
be installed in the Premises. All defined terms used herein, unless otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meanings given to such
terms in the Lease.

1.Landlords Work. On or before March 31, 2025 (the Target Completion Date), subject to
Force Majeure and any Tenant Delay (as hereinafter defined), Landlord shall perform (or cause to be performed by a general contractor
selected by Landlord) the work set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (the Landlords Work). Landlord shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause Landlords Work to be Substantially Completed (as defined herein) on or before the
Target Completion Date; provided, however, that Landlord shall have no liability whatsoever to Tenant in the event that Landlord shall
fail for any reason whatsoever to cause Landlords Work to be Substantially Completed by the Target Completion Date nor shall this
Lease become void or voidable in such event. Landlord covenants and represents that Landlords Work shall be completed in a good
and workmanlike manner and in compliance with all applicable laws, using Building-standard materials and finishes. Landlords Work
shall be deemed to have been Substantially Completed when the Premises are in substantial accordance with the scope
of work set forth in Schedule 1 hereto (as reasonably determined by Landlord), even though minor details of construction, decoration,
and mechanical adjustments remain to be completed by Landlord. The date as of which Landlords Work has been Substantially Completed
is referred to herein as the Substantial Completion Date. Landlord shall have no obligation to perform any work not
shown or described on Schedule 1. Landlord shall complete any punch-list items that remain to be performed by Landlord, if any,
within thirty (30) days after the Substantial Completion Date. Tenant shall notify Landlord within thirty (30) days of the Substantial
Completion Date of any portion of Landlords Work, including punch-list items, that remains incomplete or any manner in which the
Premises is not in the condition required pursuant to this Work Letter. Except as identified in any such notice from Tenant to Landlord,
Tenant shall have no right to make any claim that Landlord has failed to perform any of Landlords Work fully, properly and in accordance
with the terms of this Lease or to require Landlord to perform any further Landlords Work.

2.Cost of Landlords Work. Landlord shall be solely responsible for the costs and expenses incurred in connection
with Landlords Work, which costs may include, without limitation, costs in connection with engineering and design, as well as construction-related
costs and expenses, permitting costs and a construction management fee equal to four percent (4%) of the cost of Landlords Work,
up to a maximum aggregate amount of Eight Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand One Hundred Eight-Two and 50/100 Dollars ($875,182.50) (Landlords
Contribution). Tenant shall not be entitled to any credit or payment from Landlord for any portion of Landlord's Contribution
not expended by Landlord for Landlords Work. In no event shall Landlord be required to pay for any Landlords Work which
exceeds Landlords Contribution, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord, promptly upon demand, all costs of Landlords Work, if
any, as reasonably estimated by Landlords contractor, that exceed Landlords Contribution (the Excess Costs).
Tenant shall, if requested by Landlord, execute a work letter confirming such Excess Costs prior to the time Landlord shall be required
to commence Landlords Work, and Landlord shall have no obligation to commence Landlords Work unless and until Tenant shall
have paid such Excess Costs to Landlord. In the event that the Excess Costs incurred are greater than the estimate of Landlords
contractor, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord such difference within ten (10) days after Landlord advises Tenant of such actual cost.
In the event that the Excess Costs are less than the estimate of Landlords contractor, then Landlord shall refund or credit Tenant
with such difference, to the extent actually paid by Tenant, within ten (10) days after Landlord advises Tenant of such actual cost.

27 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, and in addition to any Excess Costs and any Change Order Costs (as hereinafter defined), Tenant hereby
agrees to reimburse Landlord for the cost of Landlords Work in the amount of Three Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($300,000.00),
One Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($150,000.00) of which shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord by wire transfer of immediately
available funds on or before September 30, 2025, and One Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($150,000.00) of which shall be paid
by Tenant to Landlord by wire transfer of immediately available funds on or before November 30, 2025.

3.Change Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that Tenant requests any modifications to Landlords
Work and such modification is reasonably acceptable to Landlord (a Change Order), Tenant shall pay to Landlord, promptly
upon demand, all costs of such Change Order (which costs may include a construction management fee), if any, as reasonably estimated by
Landlords contractor as of the time of Landlords approval of any such modifications requested by Tenant (the Change
Order Costs). Tenant shall, if requested by Landlord, execute a work letter confirming such Change Order Costs prior to the
time Landlord shall be required to commence any work related to such Change Order, and Landlord shall have no obligation to commence such
work unless and until Tenant shall have paid such Change Order Costs to Landlord. In the event that the actual cost to Landlord of completing
any Change Order is greater than the estimate of Landlords contractor, Tenant shall pay to Landlord such difference within ten
(10) days of Tenants receipt of an invoice therefor. In the event that the actual cost to Landlord of completing any Change Order
is less than the amount previously paid by Tenant, Tenant shall receive a credit in the amount of such overpayment against the Base Rent
next coming due.

4.Tenant Delay. As used herein, a Tenant Delay means each day of delay in the performance of Landlords
Work that occurs (a) because of any change requested by Tenant to Landlords Work, (b) because Tenant fails to attend any meeting
with Landlord, or any contractor or architect of Landlord, or any of their respective employees or representatives, as may be necessary
in connection with the preparation or completion of Landlords Work, or (c) because Tenant fails to pay any Excess Costs or Change
Order Costs to Landlord as required in accordance herewith within five (5) business days of Landlords demand therefor; or (d) because
Tenant or any agent, contractor, or employee of Tenant otherwise delays the commencement or completion of Landlords Work. In the
event that Landlords Work shall not be Substantially Completed by Landlord on or before the Target Completion Date as a result
of the occurrence of a Tenant Delay, then in such event: (a) for all intents and purposes of this Lease, Landlords Work shall be
deemed to have been Substantially Completed by Landlord as of the date Landlord shall determine, in the sole and absolute discretion of
Landlord, that Landlord would have Substantially Completed Landlords Work but for the occurrence of such Tenant Delay; and (b)
the Commencement Date shall be the day after the date determined by Landlord to be the date as of which Landlord would have caused Landlords
Work to have been Substantially Completed but for the occurrence of such Tenant Delay.

28 

Schedule 1

Scope of the Work

29 

30 

EXHIBIT D

Special
Stipulations

These Special Stipulations are made and entered
into contemporaneously with the Lease Agreement described above. In the case of any conflict between the Special Stipulations and the
Lease, these Special Stipulations shall control. All terms used herein shall be the same as defined in the Lease.

1. Due Upon Execution. Upon (i) Landlords receipt from Tenant of the total sum required per
Section 3(c) of this Lease, (ii) full execution of the Lease by Tenant and Landlord and (iii) Tenants receipt of a fully
executed copy of this Lease, Tenant shall have the right to occupy the Premises before the Commencement Date for the sole purposes of
installing its furniture and telephone and computer systems therein (Early Occupancy Period), provided that if Tenant
takes such early occupancy, (a) all rules, terms, and conditions of this Lease (except for obligation for Base Rent and Additional Rent
during the Early Occupancy Period) shall be in full force and effect, and (b) no work performed by Tenant shall interfere with the performance
of Landlords Work. During the Early Occupancy Period, Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord in all respects in order to coordinate
Tenants and Landlords activities in the Premises and to minimize any interference by Tenant with Landlords completion
of any remaining portions of Landlords Work.

2. Conveyance of Furniture. Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that all of Landlords right, title
and interest in and to the furniture currently located at the Premises (collectively, the Furniture), shall be conveyed
by Landlord to Tenant in accordance with the Bill of Sale attached to the Lease as Exhibit E for consideration of Two Hundred
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($200,000) paid by Tenant to Landlord on or before June 30, 2025

3. Rental Payments. All Rent payments shall be made payable to Albany
Road-Breck Exchange LLC. Please write for Deposit Only and the account number on the back of the check. All payments
should be addressed as follows:

Overnight Mail: AMERIS BANK

3490 Piedmont
Rd. NE

Atlanta, GA 30305

Regular Mail: P.O. Box 105075

Atlanta, GA 30348

If by wire: AMERIS BANK

Routing/ABA:
XXXXXXX

Checking Account
Number: XXXXXXX

31 

EXHIBIT E

Bill of
Sale

This Bill of Sale is made
and entered into as of the ____ day of ______________, 2025 by ALBANY ROAD-BRECK EXCHANGE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Seller) for the benefit of Applied Optoelectronics, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation Buyer).

Seller hereby sells, assigns,
transfers, and delivers unto Buyer, and Buyer hereby purchases, all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to the furniture
currently located at the premises known as Suite 150, containing approximately 38,622 rentable square feet and located at 2885 Breckinridge
Boulevard, Duluth, Georgia, which premises have been leased by Buyer, as tenant, from Seller, as landlord, pursuant to that certain lease
of even date herewith, including, without limitation, those items listed on Annex A, which Seller shall provide to Buyer
within 10 business days of the execution of this Agreement, attached hereto and made a part hereof (the Furniture),
for a purchase price of Two Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($200,000.00), payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds
on or before June 30, 2025.

Seller hereby represents and
warrants to Buyer that Seller is the absolute owner of the Furniture, that said Furniture is free and clear of all liens, charges and
encumbrances, and that Seller has full right, power and authority to sell said Furniture and to make this bill of sale.

EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET
FORTH HEREIN, SELLER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE PURCHASED ASSETS, INCLUDING ANY (A) WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY; OR (B) WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE,
USAGE OF TRADE OR OTHERWISE. BY ACCEPTING THIS BILL OF SALE, BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
MADE BY SELLER, OR ANY OTHER PERSON ON SELLERS BEHALF, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED HEREIN.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Seller has caused this Bill of Sale to be signed and sealed in its name as of the date first set forth above.

ALBANY ROAD-BRECK EXCHANGE LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company

By:Albany
Road REF III Property Manager LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company,

its Manager

By:____________________________

Christopher J. Knisley, President

32 

Annex A

Schedule of Furniture

33 

34 

35 

36 

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>aaoi-20250403.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aaoi-20250403_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aaoi-20250403_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>image_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>image_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36083

Entity Registrant Name Applied Optoelectronics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001158114

Entity Tax Identification Number 76-0533927

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 13139
Jess Pirtle Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Sugar
Land

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77478

City Area Code 281

Local Phone Number 295-1800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, Par value $0.001

Trading Symbol AAOI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ao-inc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aaoi-20250403.xsd 
aaoi-20250403_lab.xml 
aaoi-20250403_pre.xml 
appliedopto_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-002374-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>appliedopto_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001158114 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001158114 
8-K 
2025-04-03 
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. 
DE 
001-36083 
76-0533927 
13139 Jess Pirtle Blvd. 
Sugar Land 
TX 
77478 
281 
295-1800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par value $0.001 
AAOI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>