<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005783.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005783.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423090037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005783
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250422
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHINECO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001300734
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				522175898
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37776
		FILM NUMBER:		25859365

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1707, BUILDING D
		STREET 2:		MODERN CITY SOHO
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT, BEIJING,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 10-68329620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1707, BUILDING D
		STREET 2:		MODERN CITY SOHO
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT, BEIJING,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPCOR, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Supcor, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SupCor, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040817
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000130073400013007342025-04-222025-04-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (date of earliest event reported):
April 22, 2025

SHINECO,
INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37776 52-2175898

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

T1, South Tower, Jiazhaoye Square, Chaoyang District,

Beijing, Peoples Republic of China100022

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (+86) 10-87227366

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock SISI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 22, 2025, Shineco Life Science Group Hong
Kong Co., Limited (Shineco Life Science), a subsidiary of Shineco, Inc. (the Company), entered into a share
purchase agreement (the SPA) with Dr. Lim Kah Meng (the Seller), the sole shareholder of InfiniClone Limited,
a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong (InfiniClone). Pursuant to the SPA, the Seller shall sell 51% of the
equity interests in InfiniClone Limited that he holds (the InfiniClone Shares) to Shineco Life Science. In consideration
of the sale of the InfiniClone Shares, Shineco Life Science shall pay the Seller US$19,895,600 in cash (the Cash), and the
Company shall issue and transfer 3,450,000 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares)
to the Seller, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. Each of the SPA, the transaction contemplated thereby and the issuance
of the Shares has been approved by the Companys board of directors.

As of the date hereof, the Cash has not been paid,
and the Shares and the InfiniClone Shares have not yet been transferred. Pursuant to the SPA, the Seller agreed to transfer the InfiniClone
Shares to Shineco Life Science, Shineco Life Science agreed to pay the Seller the Cash and the Company shall issue and transfer the Shares
to the Seller within 90 days after the execution of the SPA, respectively. The SPA contains other customary obligations and rights of
the parties.

The foregoing description of the SPA is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Share Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K and is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Form of Share Purchase Agreement by and between Shineco Life Science and the Seller

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included as Exhibit 101).

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Shineco Inc.

Date: April 23, 2025 By: /s/ Jennifer Zhan

Jennifer Zhan, Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DR. LIM KAH MENG

as (Seller)

and

SHINECO LIFE SCIENCE GROUP HONG KONG CO., LTD.

as (Purchaser)

SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Contents Page

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1

2. AGREEMENT TO SELL THE SALE SHARES 4

3. CONSIDERATION 4

4. COMPLETION 4

5. REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES 5

6. NON-SOLICITATION 10

7. POST-COMPLETION OBLIGATIONS 10

8. BREACH AND TERMINATION 11

9. INDEMNITY 12

10. CONFIDENTIALITY 12

11. COSTS 13

12. FURTHER ASSURANCES 13

13. ASSIGNMENT 13

14. VARIATION 13

15. NO PARTNERSHIP 13

16. NO WAIVER 13

17. NOTICES 13

18. RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 14

19. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 14

20. ILLEGALITY 14

21. COUNTERPARTS 14

22. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 15

Schedule 1 Company Details 17

Schedule 2 Completion Obligations 18

Schedule 3 Form of Transfer of Securities 20

THIS AGREEMENT
(the Agreement) is made on [ ].

AMONG:

(1) DR. LIM KAH MENG (NRIC Number S7212059J), a Singaporean national with his registered address at 13 Fowlie Road, Singapore 428503 (the Seller); and

(2) SHINECO LIFE SCIENCE GROUP HONG KONG CO., LTD. (Company Registration Number: 3143469), a Hong Kong private company limited by shares with its registered address at Rm 401, 4/F Wanchai Central, Bldg 89 Lockhart Rd Wan Chai, Hong Kong (068602) (the Purchaser).

(3) Shineco,Inc means a publicly listed company on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq stock code: SISI). It is the parent company of SHINECO LIFE SCIENCE GROUP HONG KONG CO., LTD.

(each of the parties (1) (2) and (3) a Party
and together the Parties).

RECITALS:

(A) The Seller is the sole shareholder of the Company (as defined below).

(B) The Company (as defined below) is a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong on 11 March 2025.

(B) As of the date of this Agreement, the shareholding structure of the Company is as set out in Schedule 1.

(C) The Seller has agreed to sell, and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase, the Sale Shares (as defined below), subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 In this Agreement and in the Schedules unless the context requires otherwise:

Accounting
Standards means the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices generally accepted in Hong Kong;

Authorisation means any consent, registration,
filing, agreement, notarisation, certificate, license, approval, permit, authority or exemption from, by or with any Authority, whether
given by express action or deemed given by failure to act within any specified time period and all corporate, creditors and shareholders
approvals or consents.

Authority means any national, supranational,
regional or local government or governmental, statutory, regulatory, administrative, fiscal, judicial, or government-owned body, department,
commission, authority, tribunal, agency or entity, or central bank (or any person whether or not government owned and howsoever constituted
or called, that exercises the functions of a central bank);

1

Business Day
means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted public holiday) on which commercial banks are open for business in Singapore and
Hong Kong;

Company
means InfiniClone Limited (Company Registration Number: 77823574), a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong and having its registered
address at Rm 9042, 9/F, Block B, Chung Mei Centre, 15-17 Hing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong;

Completion
Date means 90 calendar days after the date of this Agreement;

Conditions
Precedent means the conditions set out in Part A of Schedule 2;

Conditions
Subsequent means the conditions set out in Part B of Schedule 2;

Encumbrance
means any claim, charge, mortgage, lien, option, equity, power of sale, hypothecation, retention of title, right of pre-emption, right
of first refusal or other third party right or security interest of any kind or an agreement, arrangement or obligation to create any
of the foregoing;

Incoming Board
Members means the individual(s) nominated or to be nominated by the Purchaser in writing for the appointment to the board of
directors and/or the secretary of the Company with effect from the Completion Date;

Material Adverse Effect means
a material adverse effect on:

(a) the Companys assets or properties;

(b) the Companys business prospects
or financial condition;

(c) the carrying on of the Companys
business or operations;

Sale Shares
means 5100 ordinary shares of the Seller, which constitutes 51 per cent of the total issued shares in the capital of the Seller;

Share Transfer
means the Form of Transfer of Securities in the form set out in Schedule 3, in respect of the Sale Shares;

Surviving Provisions
means Clauses 1, 9, 10 and 12 to 22;

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, and any other agreement or document to be entered into pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement; and

1.2 Control: The word control (including its correlative meanings, controlled by, controls and under common control with) shall mean, with respect to a corporation, the right to exercise, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights attributable to the shares of the controlled corporation and, with respect to any person other than a corporation, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such person.

2

1.3 Clauses, Schedules, etc.: References to this Agreement include any Recitals and Schedules to it and references to Clauses and Schedules are to the clauses of, and schedules to, this Agreement. The Schedules form part of this Agreement and have the same force and effect as if expressly set out in the body of this Agreement.

1.4 References to Subsidiaries and Related Corporations: The words subsidiary and related corporation shall have the same meanings in this Agreement as their respective definitions in the relevant legislation of Hong Kong.

1.5 Headings: The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

1.6 Including: Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in this Agreement to including shall not be construed restrictively but shall mean including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing and including, but without limitation.

1.7 Subsidiary Legislation: References to a statute or statutory provision include any subsidiary or subordinate legislation made from time to time under that statute or statutory provision.

1.8 Modification etc. of Statutes: References to a statute or statutory provision include that statute or statutory provision as from time to time modified, re-enacted or consolidated (whether before or after the date hereof), so far as such modification, re-enactment or consolidation applies or is capable of applying to any transaction entered into in accordance with this Agreement and (so far as liability thereunder may exist or can arise) shall also include any past statute or statutory provision (as from time to time modified, re-enacted or consolidated) which such statute or provision has directly or indirectly replaced.

1.9 Others

(a) References to this Agreement includes all amendments, additions, and variations thereto agreed between the relevant Parties in accordance with Clause 14.

(b) References to day, month or year is a reference to a day, month or year respectively in the Gregorian calendar.

(c) References to a director shall include any alternate appointed to act in his place from time to time.

(d) References to a person include any company, limited liability partnership, partnership, business trust or unincorporated association (whether or not having separate legal personality). 

(e) Except where the context specifically requires otherwise, reference to a party or parties is to a Party or Parties.

(f) References to writing or written includes any non-transitory form of visible reproduction of words.

(g) References to one gender include all genders and references to the singular include the plural and vice versa.

(h) Any thing or obligation to be done under this Agreement which is required or falls to be done on a stipulated day, shall be done on the next succeeding Business Day, if the day upon which that thing or obligation is required or falls to be done falls on a day which is not a Business Day.

3

2. AGREEMENT TO SELL THE SALE SHARES

2.1 On and subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Seller agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, the Sale Shares.

2.2 The Sale Shares shall be sold by the Seller free from Encumbrances and together with all rights and advantages attaching to them as at Completion (including the right to receive all dividends or distributions declared, made or paid on or after Completion).

3. CONSIDERATION

In consideration of the
sale and transfer of the Sale Shares by the Seller to the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall pay USD 24,035,600. Of this amount, USD 19,895,600
shall be paid in cash, and USD 4,140,000 shall be settled by the issuance of shares of Shineco, Inc. in reliance on the exemption from
registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The shares of Shineco, Inc. to be issued as consideration shall be registered
in the Transfer Agent (TA) system as restricted shares. The Parties have agreed that the value of the SISI restricted shares for the purpose
of this consideration payment shall be USD 1.20 per share, and the Purchaser shall issue 3,450,000 shares of SISI restricted shares to
the Seller. The number of shares shall not be subject to adjustment under any circumstances.

The Parties mutually acknowledge
and agree that the Consideration has been determined to be fair, reasonable, and legitimate based on a valuation report prepared by Zhongli
Asset Appraisal (Beijing) Co., Ltd., an independent third-party valuer, dated [February 26, 2025], which the Parties have reviewed and
relied upon in entering into this Agreement.

The Parties agree that
the financial performance of the Company shall be assessed over the following three financial years:

Year 1: 1 July 2025 30 June 2026 Revenue USD 5 million, Net Profit USD 0.4 million

Year 2: 1 July 2026 30 June 2027 Revenue USD 10 million, Net Profit USD 1.2 million

Year 3: 1 July 2027 30 June 2028 Revenue USD 13 million, Net Profit USD 1.5 million

The Seller shall provide
audited financial statements of the Company for each financial year, prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards and verified by
an independent auditor agreed upon by both parties. If the net profit of the Company for any financial year falls below the minimum threshold
(inclusive of instances whereby net profit is less than zero), the Seller shall compensate the Purchaser by paying an amount equal to
the shortfall in net profit, proportionate to the Purchasers equity ownership of 51% of the Company. The earn-out payment, if applicable,
shall be made within 30 days from the completion of the audit for each respective financial year.

4. COMPLETION

4.1 The Seller shall fulfil all of his obligations under Part A of Schedule 2 on or before the Completion Date. 

4.2 If the Seller fails to comply with any obligation under Part A of Schedule 2 within the Completion Date:

(a) at the request of the Seller, the Purchaser may by notice in writing to the Seller waive such Conditions Precedent and proceed to Completion to the extent reasonably practicable; 

(b) at the written request of the Seller, the Purchaser may by notice in writing to the Seller extend the Completion Date to such time and date as the Purchaser may specify; or

(c) the Purchaser may by notice in writing to the Seller terminate this Agreement, whereby Clause 8.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis.

4

4.3 If the Seller fails to comply with any obligation under Part B of Schedule 2 within the respective specified deadlines thereunder:

(a) at the request of the Seller, the Purchaser may by notice in writing to the Seller waive such Conditions Subsequent; 

(b) at the written request of the Seller, the Purchaser may by notice in writing to the Seller extend the relevant deadline to such time and date as the Purchaser may specify; or

(c) the Purchaser may by notice in writing to the Seller terminate this Agreement, whereby Clause 8.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis.

5. REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES

5.1 Representations and Warranties relating to the Seller and the Sale Shares.

The Seller hereby represents
and warrants to the Purchaser that the statements contained in this Clause 5.1:

(a) are true, accurate and not misleading with respect to itself as of the date of this Agreement; and

(b) will remain true, accurate and not misleading immediately prior to Completion. 

(i) Organisation and Authority. The Seller has the corporate power and authority to enter into, deliver and perform his obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which he is a party.

(ii) Validity. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which he is a party has been duly authorised and executed by the Seller and constitutes his valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their terms.

(iii) No Conflict. The execution and performance by the Seller of any of his obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which he is a party, including the transfer to the Purchaser of the Sale Shares upon the Purchasers purchase thereof, do not: (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default, or require any consent under, any indenture, mortgage, agreement or other instrument or arrangement to which the Seller is a party or by which he is bound; (ii) violate any Authorisation, judgment, decree or order or any statute, law, rule, regulation or requirement applicable to the Seller.

(iv) Authorisations. All of the Authorisations required by the Seller to execute, perform and comply with its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which he is a party including Authorisations to sell and transfer the Sale Shares have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(v) No Immunity. Neither the Seller nor any of his properties enjoy any right of immunity from set-off, suit or execution with respect to its obligations under any Transaction Document.

5

(vi) Sale Shares.

(a) The Seller is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Sale Shares.

(b) The Sale Shares are not subject to any Encumbrance.

(c) The Sale Shares are freely transferable without requiring any Authorisation of any Authority, and all other legal requirements in connection with their transfer and delivery have been duly satisfied save any post-sale filings and other requirements to be undertaken by the Seller or the Company.

(d) The Seller is not involved in any litigation, arbitration, administrative, regulatory or governmental proceedings or investigations in relation to the Sale Shares. No such proceedings or investigations are threatened by or against the Seller. The Seller is not aware of any fact or circumstance which is likely to give rise to such proceedings or investigations.

5.2 Representations and Warranties relating to the Company

The Seller hereby represents
and warrants to the Purchaser that the statements contained in this Clause 5.2:

(a) are true, accurate and not misleading with respect to the Company as of the date of this Agreement; and

(b) will remain true, accurate and not misleading immediately prior to Completion. 

(i) Organisation and Authority. The Company is a legal entity duly organised and validly existing under the laws of its place of incorporation.

(ii) Validity. Each of the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party has been duly authorised and executed by the Company and constitutes its valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(iii) No Conflict. The execution and performance by the Company of any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not: (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default, or require any consent under, any indenture, mortgage, agreement or other instrument or arrangement to which it is a party or by which it is bound; (ii) violate any of the terms or provisions of the Companys constitutional documents; or (iii) violate any Authorisation, judgment, decree or order or any statute, law, rule, regulation or requirement applicable to it.

(iv) Status of Authorisations. All of the Authorisations (other than Authorisations that are of a routine nature and are obtained in the ordinary course of business) needed by the Company to conduct its business and execute, perform and comply with its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(v) Constitutional Documents. The Seller has delivered to the Purchaser a true and current copy of the Companys constitutional documents.

6

(vi) Capital Structure.

(a) The capitalisation of the Company is as shown in Schedule 1, which accurately sets out the number and type of shares of the Company owned by, and the name of, each holder of shares.

(b) There are no shares of the Company, or any agreements or undertakings to which the Company is a party, or by which it is bound, obligating it to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem or cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed any shares in its authorised capital or obligating it to grant or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement. All outstanding shares of the Company, including the Sale Shares, are duly authorised, validly issued to the Seller and in the amounts set forth in Schedule 1, fully paid and non-assessable and are free of any Encumbrance.

(vii) No Immunity. Neither the Company, nor any of its properties enjoy any right of immunity from set-off, suit or execution with respect to its obligations under any Transaction Document.

(viii) Financial Condition. Since the Companys incorporation:

(a) the business of the Company has been carried on in the ordinary course so as to maintain the business as a going concern;

(b) the Company has not suffered any change having a Material Adverse Effect or incurred any substantial loss or liability; and

(c) the Company has not undertaken or agreed to undertake any substantial obligation.

(ix) Financial Statements. The Companys audited consolidated balance sheet and the related audited consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the fiscal year ended 2025 have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods therein specified, and give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the date as of which they were prepared and the results of the Companys operations during the periods therein specified. There are no losses, liabilities (whether actual or contingent or otherwise), or bad or doubtful debts other than those fully disclosed in the consolidated financial statements hereinbefore referred to.

(x) Taxes. All tax returns and reports of the Company required by law to be filed have been duly filed and all Taxes, obligations, fees and other governmental charges upon the Company, or its properties, or its income or assets, which are due and payable or to be withheld, have been paid or withheld, other than those presently payable without penalty or interest.

(xi) Litigation.

(a) The Company is not involved in any litigation, arbitration, administrative, regulatory or governmental proceedings or investigations. No such proceedings or investigations are threatened against the Company. To the Seller or the Companys best knowledge, no such proceedings or investigations are threatened against the Company. The Company is not aware of any fact or circumstance which is likely to give rise to any such proceedings or investigations.

(b) No judgment or order has been issued against the Company which has or may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7

(c) The Company has not been charged, convicted, fined or otherwise sanctioned in any litigation, administrative, regulatory or criminal investigation or proceeding or freezing of assets by any Authority involving the Company or its employees with regard to money laundering or financing of terrorism.

(xii) Compliance with Law. To the best of its knowledge and belief the Company is in material compliance with all applicable laws (whether civil, criminal, corporate or administrative), statutes, subordinate legislation, treaties, regulations, directives, decisions, by-laws, circulars, codes, orders, notices, demands, decrees, injunctions, guidance, judgments or resolutions of any Authority.

(xiii) Environmental Matters. To the Seller or the Companys best knowledge, there are no material social or environmental risks or issues in respect of the Companys operations.

(xiv) Insurance. The Company maintains insurance policies with financially sound and reputable insurers that cover such risks and contain such policy limits, types of coverage as are adequate to insure fully against risks to which the Company and its employees, business, properties and other assets would reasonably be expected to be exposed to in the operation of the business as currently conducted. All of these policies are valid and enforceable policies, all premiums due and payable under all these policies have been paid and the Company is otherwise in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the policies. None of these policies are void or voidable and the Company has not done anything or omitted to do anything that would make any policy void or voidable. Neither the Seller nor the Company has any knowledge of any threatened termination of, or material premium increase with respect to, any of these policies. No material claim is outstanding under any of these policies and no event has occurred (and no circumstance exists) that gives rise or is likely to give rise to a material claim under any policy.

(xv) Disclosure. None of this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, the Companys constitutional documents, or certificates or schedules made and delivered to the Purchaser pursuant thereto contains any information which is untrue, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect nor does it omit any information the omission of which makes the information contained in it untrue, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect.

(xvi) Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no agreement, judgment, injunction order or decree binding upon the Company which has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or impairing in any material respect any of its current or future business practices, its acquisition of property or the conduct of its business as it is currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted.

(xvii) Title to and Condition of Property. The Company has: (i) good and marketable title free and clear of all Encumbrance to all of the property and assets, movable and immovable, reflected in the Companys most recent balance sheet included in the consolidated financial statements (except assets sold or otherwise disposed of since such date in the ordinary course of business); and (ii) with respect to leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests therein free and clear of all Encumbrance. The plant, property and equipment of the Company that are used in the Company operations are in good operating condition and repair, subject to normal wear and tear not caused by neglect, and are adequate and suitable for the purposes for which they are currently being used. All properties used in the Company operations are reflected in the Companys most recent balance sheet included in the consolidated financial statements to the extent the Accounting Standards require the same to be reflected.

8

(xviii) Books and Records. The books and records of the Company, including, without limitation, its stock record books and minute books, are complete and correct in all material respects and accurately and fairly reflect all meetings and other corporate actions of the Companys shareholders and its board of directors and committees and all material information relating to its business, the nature, acquisition, maintenance, location and character of its assets, and the nature of all transactions giving rise to its obligations or accounts receivable.

5.3 Representations and Warranties relating to the Purchaser

The Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to the Seller that the statements contained in this Clause 5.3 are true, accurate and not misleading with respect to itself
as of the date of this Agreement and will remain so immediately prior to Completion:

(a) Organisation and Authority. The Purchaser is a company duly organised, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. It has full corporate power and authority to enter into, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(b) Validity. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly authorised and executed by the Purchaser and constitutes its valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(c) No Conflict. The execution and performance by the Purchaser of any of its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, do not: (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default, or require any consent under, any indenture, mortgage, agreement or other instrument or arrangement to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound; (ii) violate any Authorisation, judgment, decree or order or any statute, law, rule, regulation or requirement applicable to the Purchaser.

(d) Authorisations. All of the Authorisations required by the Purchaser to execute, perform and comply with its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(e) No Immunity. The Purchaser shall not enjoy any right of immunity from set-off, suit or execution with respect to its obligations under any Transaction Document.

(f) Financial Capacity. The Purchaser has, and will continue to have, sufficient funds to pay the Consideration and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(g) No Proceedings. The Purchaser is not engaged in any litigation, arbitration, or other proceedings that would materially impair its ability to complete the transactions contemplated herein.

5.4 The representations and warranties set forth in this Clause 5 or made in writing by or on behalf of each Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and survive Completion.

5.5 The Seller hereby agrees that he shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser from, against and in respect of any damages, losses, charges, liabilities, claims demands, actions, suits, proceedings, payments, judgments, settlements, assessments, deficiencies, interest and costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) actually imposed on, sustained, incurred or suffered by, or asserted against, the Purchaser (whether in respect of third party claims, claims between the parties hereto, or otherwise) directly or indirectly relating to or arising out of any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Seller.

9

6. NON-SOLICITATION

6.1 Restriction on the Seller

The Seller covenants with
the Purchaser and the Company, that for a period of three (3) years commencing from the Completion Date, the Seller shall not, except
with the consent in writing of the Purchaser, either on the Sellers own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other
person, solicit or entice away or attempt to solicit or entice away from the Company, offer employment to or employ, or offer to conclude
any contract of services with, any person who was at any time during the period of one (1) year immediately preceding the time of solicitation
or enticement employed in a managerial, supervisory, technical or sales capacity by, or engaged as a consultant to, the Company (whether
or not such person would commit a breach of contract by reason of leaving such employment or engagement).

6.2 The Seller agrees that the restrictions contained in this Clause 6 are no greater than is reasonable and necessary for the protection of the interests of the Purchaser and the Company.

6.3 Where restrictions contained in this Clause 6 shall be adjudged to be void as going beyond what is reasonable or permitted in all the circumstances for the protection of the interests of the Purchaser but would be valid if part of the wording thereof were deleted or the periods thereof reduced or the range of activities or area dealt with thereby reduced in scope, the said restriction shall apply with such modifications as may be necessary to make it valid and effective.

7. POST-COMPLETION OBLIGATIONS

7.1 Purchasers Obligations

The Purchaser shall
ensure and procure that the full Consideration is paid to the Seller within the relevant deadline in accordance with Clause 3.

7.2 Sellers Obligations

(a) The Seller shall refrain from making disparaging or negative statements, in any form, about the Company and the Purchaser, which the Seller has reason to believe will adversely affect:

(i) the business of the Company; or

(ii) the standing or reputation of the Purchaser.

(b) The Seller and the Company shall render any and all assistance to the Purchaser in dispatching a financial staff member (CFO) at the direction of the Purchaser, to manage the Companys accounts. 

7.3 Board Composition and Governance

Upon completion of
the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares, the board of the Company shall comprise of 3 members, of which 2 shall be nominated by the Seller
and 1 shall be nominated by the Purchaser. The chairman of the board shall be nominated by the Seller. Any changes to the composition
of the board shall require the prior written consent of both the Seller and the Purchaser.

10

8. BREACH AND TERMINATION

8.1 Events of Breach

8.1.1 Each of the following events shall be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement:

(a) either party fails to perform or comply with any obligation, undertaking, term and/or condition expressed or implied under this Agreement;

(b) either party commits an act of insolvency, including but not limited to becoming unable to pay its debts when they are due or becomes unable to pay its debts within the meaning of any legislation regarding insolvency of the jurisdiction which the Party carries on business, the filing of a voluntary or involuntary winding-up petition, the appointment of a receiver, or ceasing to carry on its business; or

(c) either party enters into or resolves to enter into any arrangement, composition or compromise with, or assignment for the benefit of, its creditors or any class of them.

8.1.2 On the occurrence of any of the events of breach stated under Clause 8.1.1, the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to give a notice in writing to the defaulting Party (Default Notice) specifying the default or breach and require the defaulting Party to remedy the default or breach within thirty (30) days from the date of the Default Notice in respect of the breach under Clauses 8.1.1(a), 8.1.1(b), and 8.1.1(c).

8.2 Termination

8.2.1 If the defaulting Party fails to remedy the default or breach within the relevant duration specified in the Default Notice, the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately by providing a written notice of termination to the defaulting Party (Termination Notice). For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available under applicable law. 

8.2.2 Upon the Termination Notice:

(a) the Seller shall refund to the Purchaser the same amounts of the Consideration which has been received by the Seller from the Purchaser under this Agreement up to the date of termination, free of interest subject to set-off or deduction against all dividends, distributions declared, made, or paid by the Company to the Purchaser on or after Completion; and

(b) the Purchaser shall take all necessary actions to effect the transfer of the Sale Shares back to the Seller, including executing all documents and providing all assistance necessary to comply with applicable laws.

8.2.3 If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Clause 4.2(c), Clause 4.3(c) and/or Clause 8, each Partys further rights and obligations cease immediately on termination (other than the Surviving Provisions), but termination does not affect a Partys accrued rights and obligations at the date of termination.

11

9. INDEMNITY

9.1 Sellers Indemnity Obligations

The Seller agrees to indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless the Purchaser from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable legal fees) which may be made, brought against, suffered, sustained or incurred by the Purchaser, where the cause of such actions
arose prior to and up to Completion, arising out of or in connection with any breach by the Seller of his representations, warranties,
or obligations under this Agreement unless such claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses arise as a result of the Purchasers
negligence, fraud, or wilful misconduct in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

9.2 Rights and Obligations

(a) The Purchaser shall promptly notify the Seller of any claims or actions for which indemnification is sought, providing the necessary details.

(b) The Seller shall have the right to assume control of the defence of any third-party claims, provided that it does so promptly and in good faith.

(c) The Purchaser shall provide all reasonable assistance at the Sellers expense in defending such claims.

10. CONFIDENTIALITY

10.1 All communications between the Parties or any of them and all information and other material supplied to or received by any of them from any one or more of the others which is either marked confidential or is by its nature intended to be exclusively for the knowledge of the recipient alone, any information concerning the business transactions or financial arrangements of the Company or of the Parties or any of them, or of any person with whom any of them is in a confidential relationship with regard to the matter in question coming to the knowledge of the recipient shall be kept confidential by the recipient and shall be used by the recipient solely and exclusively for the purposes of this Agreement unless:

(a) the disclosure or use is required by law, any governmental or regulatory body;

(b) the disclosure or use is required for the purpose of any judicial proceedings arising out of this Agreement or any other agreement entered into under or pursuant to this Agreement;

(c) the information is or becomes publicly available (other than by breach of this Agreement);

(d) the Party whose information is to be disclosed or used has, or all other Parties have, given prior written approval to the disclosure or use; or

(e) the information is independently developed by the recipient or is lawfully in its possession prior to the disclosure to it of the information,

provided that prior to
disclosure or use of any information pursuant to this Clause 10.1, the Party concerned shall, to the extent permitted by law, promptly
notify the Company of such requirement.

12

10.2 The obligations contained in this Clause 10 shall endure, even after the termination of this Agreement, without limit in point of time except and until any confidential information enters the public domain as set out above.

11. COSTS

Each of the Parties shall
bear its own legal and other professional costs and expenses incurred by it in the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement.

12. FURTHER ASSURANCES

Each Party shall, at its
own expense, at all times from the date of this Agreement do or procure the doing of all things as may be reasonably required to give
full effect to this Agreement, including the execution of all necessary deeds and documents.

13. ASSIGNMENT

No Party shall (nor shall
it purport to) assign, transfer, charge or otherwise deal with all or any of its rights under this Agreement nor grant, declare or dispose
of any right or interest in it without the prior written consent of the other Party.

14. VARIATION

This Agreement shall be
varied or modified only by a document or instrument in writing signed by or on behalf of each Party.

15. NO PARTNERSHIP

The relationship between
the Parties shall not constitute a partnership.

16. NO WAIVER

No failure on the part
of any Party to exercise and no delay on the part of any Party in exercising any right hereunder will operate as a release or waiver thereof,
nor will any single or partial exercise of any right under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of it.

17. NOTICES

All notices, demands or
other communications required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement shall be in writing and in the English language and
shall be sent to the recipient at its address, or electronic mail address set out below, or as otherwise directed by the recipient by
notice given in accordance with this Clause 17.

Seller

Address: S7212049J. 13 Fowlie Road Singapore 428503

E-mail address: kmlim@geneoasis.com

13

Purchaser 

Address: 

Room 1707, Block D, Modern City SOHO, No. 88, Jianguo Road,

Chaoyang District, Beijing, Peoples Republic of China 100022

Contact Person: Tevin Ren

E-mail address: renzm@shineco.tech

Contact Number: +86 15242604216

Any such notice, demand
or communication shall be deemed to have been duly served immediately if hand delivered or seven (7) Business Days after sending by local
courier and in proving the same it shall be sufficient to show the receipt from the local courier showing that package was duly addressed
and the date on which it was sent or (if given or made by electronic mail) immediately and in proving the same it shall be sufficient
to show the electronic mail has been sent in full to the recipients electronic mail address.

18. RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES

A person who is not a
party to this Agreement has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Ordinance (Cap. 623) of Hong Kong to enforce any provision
of this Agreement.

19. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement and the
Transaction Documents contain the whole agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents to the exclusion of any terms implied by law which may be excluded by contract and supersedes any previous written or oral agreement
between the Parties in relation to the matters dealt with in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.

20. ILLEGALITY

The illegality, invalidity
or unenforceability of any provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement under the law of any jurisdiction shall not affect the legality,
validity or enforceability of the remainder of such provision or any other provision

21. COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be
signed in any number of counterparts and by the Parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be an original,
but all counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. Signatures may be exchanged by e-mail, with original signatures
to follow. Each Party agrees to be bound by its own electronic signature and that it accepts the electronic signature of the other Parties.

14

22. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

22.1 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Hong Kong. 

22.2 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity, or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with either: 

(a) the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC Rules), if the arbitration is conducted in Singapore; or 

(b) the Arbitration Rules of the Beijing Arbitration Commission (BAC Rules), if the arbitration is conducted in Beijing. 

The party initiating
the dispute shall determine the arbitration venue between the two options above. The arbitration shall be conducted before a tribunal
of three arbitrators. Each Party shall appoint one arbitrator within thirty (30) days of the notice of arbitration. The two arbitrators
so appointed shall appoint the third arbitrator, who shall act as the presiding arbitrator. If either Party fails to appoint an arbitrator
within the specified time frame, the arbitration shall proceed with the sole arbitrator appointed by the other Party. The language of
the arbitration shall be the default language of the arbitration rules applicable to the arbitration venue, and the decision of the tribunal
shall be final and binding on the Parties.

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE
LEFT BLANK. SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

15

DR. LIM KAH MENG SHINECO LIFE SCIENCE GROUP HONG KONG CO., LTD. 

(the Seller ) (the Purchaser )

By: 

Company: InfiniClone Limited Name: Jennifer Zhan

Title: Director Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: Date: 

SHINECO,
INC. 

(the Parent Company of the Purchaser) 

By: 

Name: Jennifer Zhan 

Title: Director 

Date: 

16

Schedule 1

Company Details

Name of Company: InfiniClone Limited

Registration number: 77823574

Registered office: Rm 9042, 9/F, Block B, Chung Mei Centre, 15-17 Hing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong

Date and place of incorporation: 11 March 2025

Issued share capital and number of issued shares as at the date of this Agreement: HKD 10000 comprising 10000 ordinary shares

Registered shareholder and shares held as at the date of this Agreement: Dr Lim Kah Meng (10000 ordinary shares)

Directors: Dr Lim Kah Meng (NRIC No.: S7212059J)

17

Schedule 2

Completion Obligations

Part A Conditions Precedent

1. Sellers Obligations

The Seller shall deliver or make available to the Purchaser or
effect the following:

1.1.1 the Share Transfer duly executed by the Seller together with the original share certificates in relation to the Sale Shares; 

1.1.2 if any, duly executed letters of resignation from the directors and company secretary of the Company appointed by the Seller, to take effect on the Completion Date (which shall include confirmation from such directors and company secretary of the Company that he/she has no claims against the Company); 

1.1.3 copies of the duly passed board resolutions of the Company:

(i) approving the lodgement of the Share Transfer; 

(ii) approving the resignation of the existing directors and company secretary of the Company appointed by the Seller and the appointment of the Incoming Board Members, provided that the Purchaser shall have provided the names of the Incoming Board Members prior to the Completion Date; 

(iii) directing the secretary of the Company to promptly register the name of the Purchaser or its nominee as the holder of the Sale Shares in the electronic register of members of the Company maintained with Companies Registry;

1.1.4 evidence of approval for the transfer of Sale Shares from all parties representing the legal and beneficial ownership of all 100% of the registered share capital of the Company; 

1.1.5 proof that all the core technology patents have been exclusively licensed to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Purchaser.The Seller represents and warrants that: (i) the Core Technology Patents are valid, enforceable, and free from any Encumbrances or third-party claims; (ii) the license agreement is legally binding and contains no undisclosed restrictive terms; and (iii) the Companys use, improvement, and commercialization of the Core Technology Patents do not rely on any third party. If the Exclusive License is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the Seller shall indemnify the Purchaser for all direct, indirect, and consequential losses, including but not limited to lost profits, legal fees, and damages arising from third-party claims.

18

2. Purchasers obligations

The Purchaser shall deliver or make available to the Seller or
effect the following:

2.1.1 The Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller copies of duly passed board resolutions approving the purchase of the Sale Shares and authorising the execution and delivery of this Agreement and related Transaction Documents; 

2.1.2 The Purchaser shall deliver any other document as required for the purposes of Completion; 

2.1.3 The Purchaser shall provide the names of the Incoming Board Members to the Seller prior to the Completion Date; and 

Part B Conditions
Subsequent 

On or after the Completion Date,
the Seller shall carry out the following obligations:

1. Sellers Obligations

1.1.1 The Seller shall cause, procure, and ensure that the Company carries out all of the following: 

(i) lodge the Register of Members reflecting the Purchaser or its nominee as the holder of the Sale Shares with Companies Registry; 

(ii) lodge the notification of change in the register of directors, managers, and secretaries with Companies Registry; and 

(iii) enter into the register of directors, managers and secretaries the appointment of the Incoming Board Members and update the resignation of the existing directors and company secretary appointed by the Seller. 

1.1.2 The Seller shall return all company property to the Company including but not limited to:

(i) all documents, accounts, plans, price lists, client lists, manuals, correspondences, notes, memorandum, reports, lists, computers, databases, drives, disks, tapes, emails, access cards, office keys, codes, data listings, office equipment, mobile phone(s), records, tapes, tape recordings, items, materials and all other property whatsoever of the Company (including such property as exists in electronic form) or belonging to the Companys clients, which is in the Sellers possession and the Seller shall not retain any copies (including electronic or soft copies) thereof; and

(ii) all necessary passwords to enable effective access to Company computers, databases, drives, disks, Company servers, emails, mobile phones and any electronic devices issued to the Seller.

1.1.3 if any, governmental/regulatory permits and authorisations required for the day-to-day and business operations of the Company and its subsidiaries to continue shall be procured by the Seller within 3 months from the Completion Date.; 

2. Purchasers Obligations

2.1.1 The Purchaser shall cause, procure, and ensure that the Company cancels the existing share certificate(s) in respect of the Sale Shares in favour of the Seller and issue new share certificate(s) in respect of the Sale Shares in favour of the Purchaser. 

19

Schedule 3

Form of Transfer of Securities

Share Power

I, Dr. Lim Kah Meng (the Transferor), hereby assign
and transfer unto Shineco Life Science Group Hong Kong Co., Ltd. (the Transferee) 5100 ordinary shares of InfiniClone
Limited (the Company) standing in my name on the books of the said Company represented by Certificate(s) No(s)._______
herewith, and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Shineco Life Science Group Hong Kong Co., Ltd., as attorney to transfer the
said shares on the books of the said Company with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:

Transferor

.......................................................

Name: Dr. Lim Kah Meng

Title: Sole Shareholder and Sole Director of InfiniClone Limited

Transferee

.......................................................

Name:

Title:

For and on behalf of Shineco Life Science Group Hong Kong Co., Ltd.

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sisi-20250422.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sisi-20250422_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sisi-20250422_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37776

Entity Registrant Name SHINECO,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001300734

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-2175898

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One T1, South Tower, Jiazhaoye Square, Chaoyang District,

Entity Address, City or Town Beijing

Entity Address, Country CN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 100022

City Area Code +86

Local Phone Number 10-87227366

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol SISI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://shineco.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
sisi-20250422.xsd 
sisi-20250422_lab.xml 
sisi-20250422_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005783-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001300734 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001300734 
8-K 
2025-04-22 
SHINECO, INC. 
DE 
001-37776 
52-2175898 
T1, South Tower, Jiazhaoye Square, Chaoyang District, 
Beijing 
CN 
100022 
+86 
10-87227366 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
SISI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>