<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-044301.txt : 20250303
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-044301.hdr.sgml : 20250303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303172614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-044301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DAKTRONICS INC /SD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000915779
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				460306862
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38747
		FILM NUMBER:		25699749

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 5128
		STREET 2:		201 DAKTRONICS DRIVE
		CITY:			BROOKINGS
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6056974000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 5128
		CITY:			BROOKINGS
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57006
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d874207d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

DAKTRONICS INC /SD/false0000915779--12-3100009157792025-03-032025-03-030000915779us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-032025-03-030000915779us-gaap:PreferredStockMember2025-03-032025-03-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 3, 2025

Daktronics, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

South Dakota 001-38747 46-0306862

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

201 Daktronics Drive

Brookings, SD57006

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(605)692-0200

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on

which registered

Common Stock, No Par Value DAKT Nasdaq Global Select Market

Preferred Stock Purchase Rights DAKT Nasdaq Global Select Market

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Cooperation Agreement 

On March 3, 2025 (the Effective Date), Daktronics, Inc. (the Company), entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with Alta Fox Capital Management, LLC, Alta Fox Opportunities Fund, LP, Alta Fox GenPar, LP, Alta Fox Equity, LLC and P. Connor Haley (collectively with their affiliates and associates, Alta Fox). 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company has agreed to: (i) increase the size of the Board by one seat; (ii) appoint Peter Feigin (the New Director) to the Companys board of directors (the Board) with a term expiring at the Companys 2027 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting); and (iii) appoint the New Director to the Transformation Committee of the Board (the Transformation Committee). 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, Alta Fox has agreed to cease its solicitation in connection with the Companys 2025 special meeting of shareholders (the Special Meeting) to vote on the reincorporation of the Company from South Dakota to Delaware (the Reincorporation). Alta Fox has also agreed, from the Effective Date until the first day following the conclusion of the 2027 Annual Meeting (the Standstill Period), to vote all shares of the Companys common stock, no par value (Common Stock), that it beneficially owns (i) in favor of the Reincorporation at the Special Meeting; and (ii) in accordance with the Boards recommendations on proposals, except that Alta Fox (x) may vote in accordance with Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. and Glass, Lewis & Co. LLC if they both recommend differently from the Board (other than on proposals with respect to the election, removal, or replacement of directors or the Reincorporation) and (y) may vote in its discretion on Extraordinary Transactions (as defined in the Cooperation Agreement). 

According to the Cooperation Agreement, Alta Fox will dismiss with prejudice all claims against the Company and its directors and/or officers, including the lawsuit Alta Fox has filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Dakota. Alta Fox and the Company have agreed to release each other from any claims except for those arising out of the Cooperation Agreement. The Cooperation Agreement also contains certain non-disparagement provisions. 

During the Standstill Period, Alta Fox has also agreed to certain customary standstill provisions prohibiting it from, among other things: (i) acquiring, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership of more than 5,973,599 shares of Common Stock, subject to limited exceptions; (ii) soliciting proxies; (iii) advising or knowingly encouraging any person with respect to the voting or disposition of any securities of the Company; and (iv) taking actions to change or influence the Board, management, or the direction of certain Company matters. 

In connection with the Cooperation Agreement, the Company has also agreed to, among other things: (i) amend the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws) to require a Lead Independent Director of the Board (Lead Independent Director) be selected by the Independent Directors (as defined in the Cooperation Agreement) if the Chairperson of the Board is not an Independent Director; (ii) engage an independent compensation consultant by March 31, 2025; (iii) hold an investor day prior to December 31, 2025; and (iv) not re-nominate at least one of the Companys incumbent directors at the Companys 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. 

Additionally, pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company agreed to amend that certain Rights Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (the Rights Agent), as amended on November 19, 2021 and November 19, 2024 (as amended, the Rights Agreement), such that the Final Expiration Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) will occur as promptly as practicable following the Effective Date. 

As of the Effective Date, Alta Fox owned approximately 5,973,599 shares of Common Stock and, in addition to the Cooperation Agreement, is, directly or indirectly through its affiliates, a party to the Convertible Note and the other Notes Related Agreements (as defined in the Cooperation Agreement) entered into with the Company on May 11, 2023. 

2 

The foregoing description of the material terms of the Cooperation Agreement in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report) does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Cooperation Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Third Amendment to Rights Agreement 

On March 3, 2025, the Company and the Rights Agent entered into the Third Amendment to Rights Agreement (the Third Amendment). The Third Amendment amends the Rights Agreement by accelerating the Final Expiration Date of the Companys Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock purchase rights (the Rights) from the Close of Business (as defined in the Rights Agreement) on November 19, 2025 to the Close of Business on March 3, 2025. As a result of the Third Amendment, effective as of the Close of Business on March 3, 2025, all of the Rights, which were previously distributed to holders of Common Stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement, have expired and cease to be outstanding. 

The foregoing description of the material terms of the Third Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Third Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.4 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information regarding the Third Amendment set forth in Item 1.01 of this Report is incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On March 3, 2025, the Board appointed Peter Feigin to serve as a member of the Board, effective March 5, 2025, with a term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting. Mr. Feigin will receive the same compensation for his service as a director as the compensation received by other non-management directors on the Board, which compensation arrangements are described under the caption Director Compensation in the Companys definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on August 5, 2024, as adjusted by the Board from time to time. 

Concurrently with his appointment to the Board, Mr. Feigin was also appointed to the Transformation Committee. 

The Board also increased the size of the Board from eight to nine directors, and Mr. Feigin filled the newly created vacancy resulting from the increase in the size of the Board. 

There are no family relationships between Mr. Feigin and any previous or current officers or directors of the Company, and Mr. Feigin has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Except for the Cooperation Agreement described in Item 1.01 above, there is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Feigin and any other persons or entities pursuant to which Mr. Feigin was appointed as a director of the Company. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Report is incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, effective March 3, 2025, the Board approved and adopted the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the Amended Bylaws). The Amended Bylaws codify the Companys existing practice, as contemplated by the Companys Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines, by amending the Bylaws to require the directors to select a Lead Independent Director in the event that the Chairperson of the Board is not an Independent Director. 

3 

The information regarding the Amended Bylaws set forth in Item 1.01 of this Report is incorporated into this Item 5.03 by reference. 

The foregoing description of the Amended Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Report and incorporated into this Item 5.03 by reference. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing its entry into the Cooperation Agreement and the appointment of Mr. Feigin to the Board. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information furnished in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or any other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description

3.1 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Daktronics, Inc., dated as of March 3, 2025. 

4.1 Rights Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and between Daktronics, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Daktronics, Inc. filed on November 16, 2018).

4.2 First Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2021, by and between Daktronics, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Daktronics, Inc. filed on November 19, 2021).

4.3 Second Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2024, by and between Daktronics, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Daktronics, Inc. filed on November 20, 2024).

4.4 Third Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025, by and between Daktronics, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent. 

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025, by and between Daktronics, Inc. and Alta Fox Capital Management, LLC, Alta Fox Opportunities Fund, LP, Alta Fox GenPar, LP, Alta Fox Equity, LLC and P. Connor Haley. 

99.1 Press Release, dated March 3, 2025, issued by Daktronics, Inc. 

104 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

4 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

DAKTRONICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Sheila M. Anderson

Sheila M. Anderson, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal

Accounting Officer)

Date: March 3, 2025 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d874207dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

DAKTRONICS, INC.

A SOUTH DAKOTA BUSINESS CORPORATION 

INCORPORATED UNDER SOUTH DAKOTA LAW 

ARTICLE I 

MEETINGS
OF SHAREHOLDERS 

Section 1.1Place of Meeting. All meetings of the shareholders of the
Corporation shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation in the State of South Dakota or at such other place within or without the state as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

Section 1.2Annual Meetings. An annual meeting of the Corporations shareholders shall be held on
such date, time, and place as the Board of Directors shall by resolution establish. At the annual meeting, the shareholders shall elect qualified successors for directors whose terms are expiring and shall transact such other business as may
properly come before them. 

Section 1.3Special Meetings. 

(a) Special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Articles of
Incorporation, may be called by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary, or by any two or more directors, or by written demand in accordance with this Section 1.3, including the purpose or purposes
for the meeting, by a shareholder or shareholders holding ten percent (10%) or more (the Requisite Percentage) of the voting power of all shares entitled to vote at the meeting (Qualifying Shareholder Demand). Multiple
shareholder demands delivered to the Secretary will be considered collectively to determine whether a Qualifying Shareholder Demand has been made only if each such demand (i) identifies substantially the same purpose or purposes of the special
meeting of the shareholders and substantially the same matters proposed to be acted on at the special meeting of the shareholders, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, and (ii) has been dated and delivered to the Secretary
within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated shareholder demand received by the Secretary in connection with the calling of the same special meeting; provided,that the shareholder submitting the initial demand that such special
meeting be called (the Initial Demanding Shareholder) shall also deliver a notice at that time that sets forth all of the information required in Article I, Section 1.11 of these Bylaws, as if Article I, Section 1.11
applies to a special meeting and any nomination of directors or other business to be brought before a special meeting. 

(b) If a special
meeting is demanded by any person or persons other than the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary, or by any two or more directors, each demand shall be in writing and shall be delivered by registered mail,
postage prepaid, to the Secretary. Upon receipt of a final demand that satisfies the Requisite Percentage, the Board of Directors shall set, via a resolution, the date, time and place, if any, of such special meeting, and give notice of such meeting
within thirty (30) days of the date the final demand comprising a Qualifying Shareholder Demand was delivered to the Secretary. The record date for such special meeting shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.9 of these Bylaws,
unless 

otherwise set by applicable law, and the Secretary shall cause notice to be given to the shareholders entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of Article I, Section 1.4 of
these Bylaws. Nothing contained in this Section 1.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of shareholders called by action of the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or
Secretary, or by any two or more directors may be held. A shareholder may revoke a Qualifying Shareholder Demand at any time prior to the delivery, consistent with this Section 1.3, of the final demand comprising the Qualifying Shareholder
Demand. 

(c) At any special meeting of the shareholders, only such nominations or business shall be conducted or considered as shall have
been properly brought before the meeting pursuant to the requirements set forth in this Section 1.3. The Secretary shall not accept, and shall consider ineffective, a demand by a shareholder to call a special meeting that does not comply with
this Section 1.3. In the event the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary, or any two or more directors calls a special meeting of shareholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the
Board of Directors, any shareholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified by the Corporation, if the shareholders notice required by Article I, Section 1.11 (which shall
also be required by this Section 1.3 as if Article I, Section 1.11 applies to a special meeting and any nomination of directors brought before a special meeting) shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of
the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the date on which (i) the Corporations notice of the special meeting is delivered to shareholders
or (ii) a disclosure (a Public Announcement) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act) is first made of the date of
the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the Public Announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special meeting commence a new time
period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholders notice as described above. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything in these
Bylaws to the contrary, the Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting pursuant to this Section 1.3 except in accordance with this Section 1.3. If the Board of Directors shall determine that any demand for a special meeting
was not properly made in accordance with this Section 1.3, then the Board of Directors shall not be required to call and hold the special meeting; provided,that the Board of Directors shall have thirty (30) days from the
receipt of any subsequent demand(s) meeting the Requisite Percentage to determine whether a Qualified Shareholder Demand has been made in compliance with this Section 1.3 and give notice of such special meeting. In addition to the requirements
of this Section 1.3, each demanding shareholder shall comply with all requirements of applicable law, including all requirements of the Exchange Act, with respect to any demand to call a special meeting. Unless otherwise required by law, if the
Initial Demanding Shareholder (or a qualified representative of the Initial Demanding Shareholder) does not appear at the special meeting of shareholders to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such
proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. To be considered a qualified representative of the Initial Demanding Shareholder, a person must be
a duly authorized officer, manager or partner 

2 

of the Initial Demanding Shareholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by the Initial Demanding Shareholder or an electronic transmission delivered by the Initial Demanding Shareholder
to act for the Initial Demanding Shareholder as proxy at the meeting of shareholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of
shareholders. 

Section 1.4Notice of Meetings. There shall be delivered to each shareholder, shown
by the books of the Corporation to be a holder of record of voting shares, at his/her/its address as shown on the books of the Corporation, a notice setting out the date, time and place of each annual meeting and each special meeting of
shareholders, except as otherwise permitted by applicable law or statute. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or statute, this notice shall be delivered no fewer than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the meeting.
Notice shall be delivered either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the persons calling the meeting. If the notice is mailed, such notice shall be effective when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the
shareholder at his/her/its address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. If the notice is electronically transmitted in a manner authorized by the shareholder, such notice shall be effective when transmitted. Every notice of
any special shareholders meeting called pursuant to this Section shall state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting has been called, and the business transacted at all special meetings shall be confined to the purpose stated in the
notice. In addition, the notice of a meeting at which a plan or agreement of merger, consolidation or exchange or a disposition that would leave the Corporation without a significant continuing business activity as defined in the South Dakota
Codified Laws is to be voted upon shall state that a purpose of the meeting is to consider the proposed plan or agreement of merger, consolidation or exchange, and a copy or a summary description of the plan or agreement of merger, consolidation or
exchange shall be included in or enclosed with the notice. 

Section 1.5Waiver of Notice. Whenever
any notice is required to be given to any shareholder of the Corporation under applicable law, the Corporations Articles of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice,
whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be equivalent to the giving of such notice. In addition, attendance of a shareholder at a meeting waives objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder at
the beginning of the meeting objects to holding the meeting or transaction of business at the meeting, and waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in the meeting
notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the matter when it is presented. 

Section 1.6Quorum; Adjourned Meetings. A majority of the shares entitled to vote on a matter constitutes a quorum for action on that matter. Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it is deemed present for quorum purposes for
the remainder of the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is or must be set for that adjourned meeting. If a quorum is not present at a meeting, the shareholders present at the meeting, by majority vote, may
adjourn the meeting to such day as they shall agree upon, and a notice of such adjournment shall be mailed to each shareholder entitled to vote at least five (5) days before such adjourned meeting. At adjourned meetings at which a quorum is
present, any business may be transacted which may have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 

3 

Section 1.7Voting. At each meeting of the
Corporations shareholders, every shareholder having the right to vote shall be entitled to vote either in person or by proxy executed in writing or by electronic transmission by the shareholder or by the shareholders duly authorized attorney-in-fact, with such proxies delivered to an officer of the Corporation before or at the time of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid after eleven (11) months
unless the proxy expressly provides for a longer period. Unless the Corporations Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or applicable law or statute provide otherwise, each shareholder shall have one vote for each share having voting power
registered in such shareholders name on the books of the Corporation. Jointly owned shares may be voted by any joint owner unless the Corporation receives written notice from any one of them denying the authority of that person to vote those
shares. Upon the demand of any shareholder, the vote upon any question before the meeting shall be by ballot. All matters coming before the shareholders for a vote shall be decided by a majority vote of the voting power of the shares present and
entitled to vote and represented at the meeting at the time of the vote except if otherwise required by applicable law or statute, the Articles of Incorporation, or these Bylaws. A solicitation for proxies shall specifically state the matters for
which proxies are sought, and no proxy may be voted on any matter not specified in the solicitation. If the vote is made by electronic transmission, the transmission shall either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be
determined that the transmission was authorized by the shareholder or proxy holder. 

Section 1.8Cumulative Voting. At each election for directors of the Corporation, every shareholder entitled to vote at such election shall have the right to vote, in person or by proxy, the number of shares owned by him/her/it for as many persons
as there are directors to be elected and for whose election such shareholder has a right to vote, or to cumulate the shareholders votes by giving one candidate as many votes as the number of such directors multiplied by the number of such
shareholders shares shall equal, or by distributing such votes on the same principle among any number of candidates, pursuant to the procedure set forth in South Dakota Codified Laws. 

Section 1.9Record Date. In lieu of closing the stock transfer books, the Board of Directors may fix
in advance a date as the record date for the determination of the shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment of such a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or distribution,
or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any other proper purpose, notwithstanding any transfer of shares on the books of the Corporation after any record date so fixed, such date to be determined by the Board of Directors, and, in
the case of a shareholder meeting, not more than seventy (70) days, before the date on which the particular action requiring such determination of shareholders is to be taken. If the Board of Directors does not fix a record date for
determination of the shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any meeting of shareholders, or for any other purpose, the record date shall be the date in which notice of the meeting is mailed or the date on which the resolution of the
Board of Directors declaring such dividend is adopted, as the case may be. 

Section 1.10Organization of
Meetings; Voting List. Unless a Chairman of the Board has been elected, at all meetings of the shareholders, the Chief Executive Officer shall act as Chairman; in his/her absence, any person appointed by the Chief Executive Officer shall act
as Chairman; and the Secretary, or in his/her absence any person appointed by the Chairman, shall act as Secretary. After fixing a record date for a meeting, the officer or agent having charge of the stock transfer books for shares of the
Corporation shall make a complete list of the shareholders 

4 

entitled to vote at any meeting of the shareholders or any adjournment thereof, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of and number of shares held by each. Such list shall be available
for inspection by any shareholder, beginning two business days after notice of the meeting is given for which the list was prepared and continuing through the meeting, at the Corporations principal office or at a place identified in the
meeting notice. The original stock transfer books shall be prima facie evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such list or transfer books or to vote at any meeting of shareholders. 

Section 1.11Notice of Shareholder Business and Nominations. 

(a) Except as expressly provided in Article I, Section 1.11, nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and the
proposal of business to be considered by the shareholders may be made at an annual meeting of shareholders only (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (ii) by or at the direction of the Board
of Directors (or any committee thereof) or (iii) by a shareholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. For the avoidance of doubt, except as
expressly provided in this Article I, Section 1.11, clause (iii) above shall be the exclusive means for a shareholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, and included in the Corporations notice of meeting) before an annual meeting of shareholders. 

(b) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder pursuant to Section 1.11(a) of this
Article I, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and such business must be a proper subject for shareholder action under the South Dakota Codified Laws. To be considered timely, a
shareholders notice must be delivered by registered mail, postage prepaid, to, and received by, the Secretary at the principal business office of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred and twenty
(120) days before the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting of shareholders; provided,that a shareholders notice in connection with the Corporations 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (the
2023 Annual Meeting), which must comply with the informational requirements of this Section 1.11, must be delivered by the deadline stated in the Corporations 2022 definitive proxy statement filed on August 8, 2022, with
the SEC; provided, further, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting, including the 2023 Annual Meeting, is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by
the shareholder to be considered timely must be received by the Corporation not more than one hundred and twenty (120) days before the annual meeting and not less than the later of (i) ninety (90) days before such annual meeting or
(ii) ten (10) days following the date on which Public Announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the Public Announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a
new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholders notice as described above. Nothing in this Section 1.11 shall be deemed to affect any rights of a shareholder to request inclusion of proposals in the
Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 

(c) Such
proposing shareholders notice shall set forth: 

5 

(i) as to each person whom the proposing shareholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: 

(A) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving a full term as a director if elected); 

(B) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the
past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among the proposing shareholder and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith; 

(C) a fully completed written questionnaire with respect to the background, qualifications, character and fitness to serve of each proposed
nominee and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire each proposed nominee or the proposing shareholder shall request in writing by registered mail from the Secretary of the
Corporation at least ten (10) days prior to the submission of the proposing shareholders notice); and 

(D) any other
information relating to the proposed nomination that is required to be disclosed under applicable law; 

(ii) as to any other business that
the proposing shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting: 

(A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the
meeting; 

(B) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that
such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment); 

(C) the reasons for
conducting such business at the meeting; and 

(D) any other information relating to the proposal that is required to be disclosed under
applicable law; 

(iii) as to the proposing shareholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination
or proposal is made: 

(A) the name and address of such proposing shareholder, as they appear on the Corporations books, and of such
beneficial owner; 

(B) the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are owned, directly or indirectly,
beneficially and of record by the proposing shareholder and any beneficial owner; 

6 

(C) any personal or other substantial interest (within the meaning of Item 5 of
Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in such proposed nomination or business of the proposing shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made and a description of all agreements, arrangements and
understandings between the proposing shareholder and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such nomination or business by the proposing shareholder; and 

(D) a representation as to whether the proposing shareholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends, or is part of a group that intends, to
solicit proxies in support of proposed nominees other than the Corporations nominees from holders of shares representing at least 67% of the voting power of shares in accordance with Rule 14a-19
promulgated under the Exchange Act, and if so, set forth the names of the participants of the solicitation. 

(d) If the proposing
shareholder fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, then (i) such proposing shareholder
must promptly notify the Corporation of such non-compliance and (ii) the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for the proposed nominee(s). Only such persons who are nominated in
accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law shall be eligible to be nominees and serve as directors. Upon request by the Corporation, such proposing shareholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five
(5) business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

(e) The proposing shareholder providing notice of a proposed nomination for election to the Board of Directors or business proposal shall
update and supplement such notice to the extent necessary so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true, complete, and correct as of the record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of the
meeting and as of the date that is fifteen (15) days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. All information provided in the proposing shareholders notice must be true, complete, and correct as of the date of its
initial submission to the Corporation, and any supplements to such proposing shareholders notice shall be true, complete, and correct as of the dates provided in the preceding sentence, and any such update or supplement shall be made only to
the extent that information has changed since the proposing shareholders prior submission of his or her notice. Any such update or supplement shall be delivered in writing by registered mail to the Secretary at the principal executive offices
of the Corporation not later than five (5) days after the record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting (in the case of any update or supplement required to be made as of the record date for determining shareholders
entitled to notice of the meeting), not later than ten (10) days prior to the date for the meeting (or, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to) or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update or
supplement required to be made as of fifteen (15) days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). 

(f) In
addition to the information required pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, the proposing shareholder and any proposed nominee shall also provide to the Corporation such other information as the Corporation may reasonably
request. Such information shall be considered timely if provided to the Corporation promptly upon request by the Corporation, but, in any event, within five (5) business days after such request. 

7 

(g) Except as otherwise provided by law, these Bylaws or the Articles of Incorporation, the
Board of Directors shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or other proposal of business to be brought before the meeting was made, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 1.11. If any
proposed nomination or other proposal of business is not in compliance with Section 1.11, the Articles of Incorporation or applicable law, then the Board of Directors shall declare that such defective nomination or proposal of business shall be
disregarded. Unless otherwise required by law, if the proposing shareholder (or a qualified representative of the shareholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of shareholders to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall
be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. To be considered a qualified representative of the proposing shareholder,
a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of the proposing shareholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by the proposing shareholder or an electronic transmission delivered by the proposing shareholder to act for the
proposing shareholder as proxy at the meeting of shareholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of shareholders. 

ARTICLE II 

BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 

Section 2.1General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be
managed by or under its Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by applicable law or statute, by the Corporations Articles of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws
required to be exercised or done by the shareholders. 

Section 2.2Number. Qualification and Term
of Office. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall consist of seven (7) or more members subject to increase by resolution of the shareholders or the Board of Directors and subject to decrease only by
resolution of the shareholders. Each director shall hold office in staggered terms as set forth in the Articles of Incorporation until the expiration of the directors then current term of office and until such directors successor shall
have been elected and shall qualify, or until the earlier death, resignation, removal, or disqualification of such director. The number of directors shall be the number last fixed by the shareholders, the Board of Directors, or the Articles of
Incorporation. Directors need not be shareholders. The Board of Directors shall, by resolution, adopt procedures for the nomination of directors. 

Section 2.3Board Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held from time to time at such
time and place within or without the State of South Dakota as may be designated in the notice of such meeting. 

Section 2.4Calling Meetings; Notice. Meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the
Chairman, the Lead Independent Director (as defined below), if any, or Chief Executive Officer by giving at least two (2) days notice, or by any two directors by giving at least five (5) days notice, of the date, time and place
thereof to each director by mail, telephone, telegram, in person, or by telefax or other electronic transmission. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be

8 

specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. Members of the Board of Directors or any committee of the Board of Directors may participate, and vote in a meeting of the Board or
such committee by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time, and participation by such means shall constitute presence at a
meeting. 

Section 2.5Waiver of Notice. If any notice is required to be given to any director of
the Corporation under applicable law or statute or under the provisions of the Corporations Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission signed and transmitted by the person or persons
entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, is equivalent to the giving of such notice. A directors attendance at or participation in a meeting waives any required notice to the director of the meeting unless the
director at the beginning of the meeting, or promptly upon arrival, objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting. 

Section 2.6Quorum. A majority of the Corporations directors serving as such immediately prior
to a meeting of the Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting. In the absence of a quorum, the majority of the directors present may adjourn a meeting from time to time until a quorum is present. If
a quorum is present when a duly called or held meeting is convened, the directors present may continue to transact business until adjournment, even though the withdrawal of a number of directors originally present leaves less than a proportion or
number otherwise required for a quorum. The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 

Section 2.7Directors Assent. A director who is present at a meeting
of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors when corporate action is taken is deemed to have assented to the action taken unless: the director objects at the beginning of the meeting, or promptly upon arrival, to holding it or
transacting business at the meeting; the directors dissent or abstention from the action taken is entered in the minutes of the meeting; or the director delivers written notice of dissent or abstention to the presiding officer of the meeting
before its adjournment or to the corporation immediately after adjournment of the meeting. The right of dissent or abstention is not available to a director who votes in favor of the action taken. 

Section 2.8Vacancies; Newly Created Directorships. If a vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors
resulting from the death, resignation, removal or disqualification of a director or a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors as permitted by Section 2.2, the vacancy that was created may be filled for either the balance
of an unexpired term or for a shorter period of time to allow the shareholders to hold an election of a successor. A vacancy may be filled by an affirmative vote of the shareholders or by a majority vote of the directors then in office even if the
number of directors remaining in office is less than what would be required for a quorum. A replacement director elected for the balance of an unexpired term shall hold office for the remaining term of the director that he or she replaced and until
such directors successor has been elected and qualified. If such a replacement director was elected for a period of time less than the remaining term of the director that he or she replaced, that director shall only hold office until a
director has been elected to fill that position in accordance with this Section 2.8. A vacancy that 

9 

will occur at a specific later date, by reason of a resignation effective at a later date, may be filled before the vacancy occurs but the new director may not take office until the vacancy
occurs. In the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors, each director then serving shall continue serving as a director until the expiration of his or her current term or his or her prior death, retirement, removal or
resignation. 

Section 2.9Removal. Any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any
time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote at a special meeting called for that purpose. A director may not be removed if the number of votes sufficient to elect the director under
cumulative voting is voted against removal. At any meeting wherein the shareholders elect to remove a director, the shareholders may also elect his/her successor. 

Section 2.10Committees. Subject to applicable law or statute, a resolution approved by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors may establish committees having the authority of the Board in the management of the business of the Corporation to the extent provided in the resolution or any committee charter adopted by
resolution of the Board subject to the limitations of South Dakota Codified Laws. To the extent specified by the board of directors or in the Corporations Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, each committee may exercise the powers of the
Board of Directors. However, a committee may not authorize or approve distributions, except according to a formula or method or within limits prescribed by the board of directors; approve or propose to shareholders action that must be approved by
shareholders; fill vacancies on the board of directors or on any of its committees; or adopt, amend, or repeal bylaws. A committee shall consist of two or more directors appointed by affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present.
Committees are subject to the direction of, and vacancies in the membership thereof shall be filled by, the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee present at a meeting is a quorum for the transaction of business, unless a
larger or smaller proportion or number is provided in a resolution or committee charter approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present. 

Section 2.11Written Action. An action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Board of
Directors or at a meeting of a committee of the Board may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission, setting forth the action so to be taken, shall be signed and transmitted before such action by all of the
directors or all of the members of the committee, as the case may be. Such consent has the same effect as a unanimous vote. The written action is effective when signed by all the directors, unless a different effective time is provided in the
written action. 

Section 2.12Resignations. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time
by giving written notice to the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice, or at any later time specified therein, and, unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

10 

Section 2.13Compensation of Directors. By
resolution of the Board of Directors, each director may be paid his/her expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors, and may be paid compensation for serving as a director. The payment of such expenses and compensation
shall not preclude a director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees of the Board may be paid, pursuant to resolution by the Board of Directors, compensation
for serving on Board committees. 

Section 2.14Lead Independent Director. If the Chairman is not
an independent director, one of the independent directors of the Board of Directors shall be elected, by a majority of the independent directors of the Board of Directors, to the role of Lead Independent Director (the Lead Independent
Director). The Lead Independent Director shall have such duties and responsibilities as determined by the independent directors. 

ARTICLE III 

OFFICERS 

Section 3.1Election or Appointment. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected or appointed by
the Board of Directors and shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, however designated. The Board of Directors may also elect or appoint any other officers, assistant officers or agents that the Board of Directors
deems necessary or advisable for the operation and management of the Corporation. Officers shall be natural persons. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. If a document must be signed by persons holding different offices or functions
and a person holds or exercises more than one of these offices or functions, that person may sign the document in more than one capacity, but only if the document indicates each capacity in which the person signs. 

Section 3.2Powers and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation elected or appointed by the
Board of Directors shall have the powers, rights, duties, responsibilities, and terms in office provided for in these Bylaws or a resolution of the Board of Directors, or as directed by an officer authorized by the Board of Directors to prescribe
the duties of other officers, not inconsistent with these Bylaws or such resolution. Any and all officers who are also directors of the Corporation shall continue to hold office until the election and qualification of their successors as officers,
notwithstanding an earlier termination of their directorship. 

Section 3.3Removal and Vacancies.
The election or appointment of an officer or agent of the Corporation shall not of itself create contract rights. Any officer or agent may be removed from his/her office by the Board of Directors whenever in its judgment the best interests of the
Corporation will be served thereby. Such removal, however, shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. If there be a vacancy among the officers of the Corporation by reason of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification, or otherwise, such vacancy may be filled for the unexpired term by the Board of Directors. 

Section 3.4Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, shall preside at all
meetings of the shareholders and directors and shall have such other duties as may be prescribed, from time to time, by the Board of Directors. 

11 

Section 3.5Chief Executive Officer. The Chief
Executive Officer of the Corporation shall have general active management of the business of the Corporation. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, or if no Chairman of the Board is elected, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all
meetings of the shareholders and directors. He/She shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect; shall execute and deliver, in the name of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or
other instruments pertaining to the business of the Corporation unless the authority to execute and deliver is required by law to be exercised by another person or is expressly delegated by the Articles or Bylaws or by the Board of Directors to some
other officer or agent of the Corporation; shall maintain records of and, whenever necessary, certify all proceedings of the Board of Directors and the shareholders; and shall perform all duties usually incident to the office of the Chief Executive
Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall have such other duties as may, from time to time, be prescribed by the Board of Directors. 

Section 3.6President. Unless otherwise specified by the Board of Directors, the President shall be
the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. If an officer other than the President is designated as Chief Executive Officer, the President shall perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned to the President by the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.7Vice President. Each Vice President, if one or more
are elected, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as may be specified in the Bylaws or prescribed by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer or President. 

Section 3.8Secretary. The Secretary, if one is elected, shall be secretary of and shall attend all
meetings of the shareholders and Board of Directors; shall record all proceedings of such meetings in the minute book of the Corporation; shall give proper notice of meetings of shareholders and directors; and shall perform such other duties as may
be prescribed from time to time by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.9Assistant Secretary. The Assistant Secretary, if any, or, if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties
and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 

Section 3.10Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation shall keep
accurate financial records for the Corporation; shall deposit all moneys, drafts and checks in the name of, and to the credit of, the Corporation in such banks and depositories as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time; shall have
power to endorse for deposit all notes, checks and drafts received by the Corporation and make proper vouchers therefor; shall disburse the funds of the Corporation, as ordered by the Board of Directors, making proper vouchers therefor; shall render
to the Chief Executive Officer and the directors, whenever requested, an account of all of his/her transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation; and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed
from time to time by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. 

12 

Section 3.11Treasurer. Unless otherwise specified
by the Board of Directors, the Chief Financial Officers shall be the Treasurer of the Corporation. If an officer other than the Chief Financial Officer is designated Treasurer, the Treasurer shall perform such duties as may from time to time be
assigned to the Treasurer by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.12Assistant
Treasurer. The Assistant Treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the
powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 

Section 3.13Compensation. The Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer
shall receive such compensation for their services as may be determined, from time to time, by resolution of the Board of Directors. Compensation for other employee officers may be set by the Chief Executive Officer under guidelines and direction
set by the Board of Directors, and shall be subject to periodic review by the Board. 

ARTICLE IV 

CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 

Section 4.1Certificates of Stock. Subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors to otherwise
provide by resolution, every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate of stock in the name of the Corporation. The Certificate must be signed by two officers of the corporation certifying the number of shares owned
by the holder of stock in the Corporation. One of the officers shall be the President, Chief Executive Officer, or the Chief Financial Officer. The other officer shall be either the Secretary or the Assistant Secretary. The certificates of stock
shall be numbered in the order of their issue. The Corporation shall keep a record of the name of the party owning the shares represented by all certificates, the number, date and class of shares represented by each certificate, and, in the case of
cancellation, the date of cancellation. 

Section 4.2Issuance of Shares. The Board of Directors is
authorized to cause to be issued for such consideration as may be permitted by applicable law or statute shares of the Corporation up to the full amount authorized by the Articles of Incorporation, and any and all treasury shares, in such amounts as
may be determined by the Board of Directors and as may be permitted by applicable law or statute. No shares shall be issued except under a written agreement as authorized by the Board of Directors. Treasury stock shall be held by the Corporation
subject to the delivery of such treasury stock by the Board of Directors. Until delivered, treasury stock shall not be participating or voting stock. 

Section 4.3Facsimile Signatures. Where a certificate is signed (a) by a transfer agent or an
assistant transfer agent, or (b) by a transfer clerk acting on behalf of the Corporation and a registrar, the signature of any such authorized officer of the Corporation may be facsimile. In case any officer or officers who have signed, or
whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used on any such certificate or certificates, shall cease to be such officer or officers of the Corporation before such certificate or certificates have been delivered by the Corporation, such
certificate or certificates may nevertheless be used by the Corporation and be issued and delivered as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used thereon had not
ceased to be such officer or officers of the Corporation. 

13 

Section 4.4Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or statute, any shareholder claiming a certificate for shares to be lost, stolen or destroyed shall make an affidavit of that fact in such form as the Board of Directors shall require and shall, if the
Board of Directors so requires, give the Corporation a bond of indemnity in form, in an amount, and with one or more sureties satisfactory to the Board of Directors, to indemnify the Corporation against any claim which may be made against it on
account of the reissue of such certificate, whereupon a new certificate may be issued in the same tenor and for the same number of shares as the one alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. 

Section 4.5Transfers of Stock. Upon surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of a
certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate
and record the transaction upon its books. No new certificate or certificates shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificates until the existing certificates have been canceled or unless the person satisfies the requirements of
Section 4.4 of these Bylaws. 

Section 4.6Registered Shareholders. The Corporation shall be
entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote shares as such owner, and it shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such
share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by applicable law or statute. 

Section 4.7Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Board of Directors may appoint a transfer agent and/or
registrar of transfers for its shares of stock and may require all stock certificates to bear the signature of such transfer agent and/or such registrar. 

ARTICLE V 

SECURITIES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS 

Unless
otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall have full power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to vote and to purchase, sell, transfer or encumber any and all securities of any other corporation owned by
the Corporation, and may execute and deliver such documents as may be necessary to vote such securities and to effectuate such purchase, sale, transfer or encumbrance. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, confer like powers upon any other
person or persons. 

ARTICLE VI 

INDEMNIFICATION OF CERTAIN PERSONS 

The
Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including South Dakota Codified Laws, as provided for in the Articles of Incorporation; further, the Corporation may indemnify other such
persons, for such expenses and liabilities, in such manner, under such circumstances, as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time. 

14 

ARTICLE VII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 7.1Dividends and Distributions. The Board of Directors may make dividends and distributions
of the Corporation to its shareholders as permitted by the provisions of applicable law and statute and the Articles of Incorporation. 

Section 7.2Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined from time to time by
resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 7.3Seal. The Corporation shall have no corporate
seal. 

Section 7.4References. Any reference to the South Dakota Codified Laws shall include a
reference to the South Dakota Business Corporation Act. Any reference to a specific section of the South Dakota Codified Laws or the South Dakota Constitution contained in these Bylaws shall include all subsequent amendments, restatements and
recodifications of such section of the South Dakota Codified Laws or the South Dakota Constitution. 

ARTICLE VIII 

AMENDMENT 

Section 8.1Amendment to Bylaws. The Board of Directors, by the act of the majority of the directors
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present, shall have the power to make, enact alter, amend or repeal the Corporations Bylaws or to adopt new Bylaws. 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereby certify that the foregoing Second Amended and Restated
Bylaws were duly adopted as the Bylaws of the Corporation effective as of March 3, 2025. 

DAKTRONICS, INC.

/s/ Carla S. Gatzke

Carla Gatzke, Secretary

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d874207dex44.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.4
<TEXT>
EX-4.4

Exhibit 4.4 

THIRD AMENDMENT 

TO

RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This Third Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025 (this Third Amendment), is by and between
Daktronics, Inc., a South Dakota corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (as successor-in-interest to Equiniti Trust Company) (the
Rights Agent) (the Company and the Rights Agent sometimes are referred to individually as a Party and together as the Parties). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the
Company and the Rights Agent executed and entered into that certain Rights Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018 (the Original Rights Agreement), under which the Board authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one
preferred share purchase Right for each share of Common Stock that was paid to holders of record of Common Stock issued and outstanding at the Close of Business on November 19, 2018 and also authorized the issuance of one Right for each share
of Common Stock that became outstanding between the Record Date (whether originally issued or from the Companys treasury) and the earlier of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date, and the Final Expiration Date, each Right representing the
right to purchase one one-thousandth (subject to adjustment) of one share of Preferred Stock, all upon the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in the Original Rights Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Rights Agent executed and entered into that certain First Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of
November 19, 2021 (the First Amendment), which amended the Original Rights Agreement to: (i) extend the Final Expiration Date from November 19, 2021 to November 19, 2024; and (ii) change the initial
Exercise Price for each one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Right from $25.00 to $20.00; 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Rights Agent executed and entered into that certain Second Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated as of
November 19, 2024 (the Second Amendment), which amended the Original Rights Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, to: (i) extend the Final Expiration Date from November 19, 2024 to November 19, 2025;
(ii) change the initial Exercise Price for each one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Right from $20.00 to $40.00; and (iii) change the Triggering Percentage to
become an Acquiring Person from 20% to 15% (or 20% in the case of 13G Investors); 

WHEREAS, Section 27 of the Original Rights
Agreement provides that, except as otherwise provided in Section 27 of the Original Rights Agreement, the Company may, from time to time and in its sole and absolute discretion, and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement
or amend the Original Rights Agreement in any respect without the approval of any holders of the Rights, including, without limitation, to shorten or lengthen any time period under the Original Rights Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company has determined that it is necessary or desirable, in the interests of
the Company and the holders of the Rights, to amend the Original Rights Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment (collectively, the Agreement), as provided herein; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make this Third Amendment a valid agreement according to its terms have been done and performed, and
the execution and delivery of this Third Amendment by the Company and the Rights Agent have been in all respects authorized by the Company and the Rights Agent. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Rights Agent hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Amendments. (a) Section 7(a) of the Agreement is amended by removing the reference to November 19, 2025 and replacing it with March 3, 2025; (b) the fourth paragraph of Exhibit B on page B-1 of the Original Rights Agreement is amended by removing the reference to November 19, 2021 and replacing it with March 3, 2025; (c) the first sentence of the last paragraph of Exhibit B
on page B-3 of the Original Rights Agreement is amended by adding to the end of such sentence the phrase , as amended on November 19, 2021, November 20, 2024, and March 3, 2025; (d)
Exhibit C to the Original Rights Agreement is amended by removing the two references to November 19, 2021 and replacing them with March 3, 2025; and (e) the first sentence of the second paragraph on page C-1 of Exhibit C to the Original Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: [THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A PERSON WHO
WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR A RELATED PERSON OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 16, 2018, AS AMENDED ON NOVEMBER 19, 2021, NOVEMBER 20, 2024, AND MARCH 3, 2025,
BY AND BETWEEN DAKTRONICS, INC. AND EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC (AS SUCCESSOR-IN-INTEREST TO EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY) (THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT)). 

2. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Third Amendment shall have the respective meanings given to them in the
Agreement. 

3. Effect of this Third Amendment. It is the intent of the Parties that this Third Amendment constitutes an amendment of
the Agreement as contemplated by Section 27 thereof. This Third Amendment shall be deemed effective as of the date hereof. Except as expressly provided in this Third Amendment, the terms of the Agreement remain in full force and effect;
provided, however, that the effect of this Third Amendment is to terminate the Agreement at the Close of Business on the Final Expiration Date in accordance with Section 7(a) of the Agreement. Unless the context clearly provides
otherwise, any reference to this Agreement or the Rights Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the Original Rights Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, and this Third Amendment. 

2 

4. Benefits of this Third Amendment. Nothing in this Third Amendment shall be
construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights Agent, and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the holders of the shares of Common Stock) any legal or equitable right, remedy, or
claim under this Third Amendment; and this Third Amendment shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the holders of the
shares of Common Stock). 

5. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant, or restriction of this Third Amendment is held by a
court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions of this Third Amendment shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be
affected, impaired, or invalidated. 

6. Governing Law. This Third Amendment shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of
the State of South Dakota (other than its conflicts of law provisions) and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely within such State.

7. Counterparts. This Third Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. A signature to this Third Amendment transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect, and enforceability as an
original signature. 

8. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the Sections of this Third Amendment are inserted for
convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

9. Further
Assurances. The Parties hereto shall cooperate and take such action as may be reasonably requested by the other Party in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Third Amendment, the Agreement, and any transactions contemplated
hereunder and thereunder. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Third Amendment to be duly executed
as of the day and year first above written. 

Daktronics, Inc., as the Company

By: 

/s/ Sheila M. Anderson

Name: Sheila M. Anderson

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC,

as Rights Agent

By: 

/s/ Martin J. Knapp

Name: Martin J. Knapp

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d874207dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

COOPERATION AGREEMENT 

This Cooperation Agreement (this Agreement), effective as of March 3, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is entered into by and between Daktronics, Inc., a South Dakota corporation (the Company), on the one hand, and Alta Fox Capital Management, LLC (the Investor), Alta Fox Opportunities
Fund, LP (Alta Fox Opportunities), Alta Fox GenPar, LP, Alta Fox Equity, LLC and P. Connor Haley (each of the Investor, Alta Fox Opportunities and the foregoing, an Investor Party and, collectively with their
Affiliates and Associates, the Investor Parties), on the other hand. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings given to them in Section 19 hereof. 

WHEREAS, on December 12, 2022, the Investor submitted a non-binding term sheet to the
Company to purchase senior secured convertible promissory notes from the Company; 

WHEREAS, on January 26, 2023, the Investor
Parties delivered a letter to the Strategy and Financing Review Committee of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) reiterating its desire to provide financing to the Company in exchange for the Companys senior
secured convertible promissory notes; 

WHEREAS, on May 11, 2023, the Company entered into that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with Alta Fox Opportunities, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and issue to Alta Fox Opportunities a senior secured convertible note (together with any and all replacement
senior secured convertible notes issued thereunder, the Convertible Note) in exchange for the payment by Alta Fox Opportunities to the Company of $25 million; 

WHEREAS, on May 11, 2023, the Company also entered into a Note Guarantee Agreement, a Pledge and Security Agreement, a Copyright
Security Agreement, a Patent Security Agreement and a Trademark Security Agreement (collectively, the Guarantees and Securities); 

WHEREAS, on May 11, 2023, the Company also entered into the certain Registration Rights Agreement with Alta Fox Opportunities (the
Registration Rights Agreement and collectively with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Convertible Note and the Guarantees and Securities, the Notes Related Agreements); 

WHEREAS, on September 26, 2024, the Investor Parties counsel initiated settlement discussions and sent a non-binding term sheet to the Companys counsel that included a proposed buyout of the Convertible Note; 

WHEREAS, on November 11, 2024, the Company delivered a notice of conversion to Alta Fox Opportunities, pursuant to which the
Company provided notice of its intent to exercise its right to force the conversion of 1,109,350 shares of Common Stock (the First Conversion Notice); 

WHEREAS, on November 21, 2024, Alta Fox Opportunities sent the Company a demand to inspect certain of the Companys books and
records pursuant to South Dakota Business Corporation Act 47-1A-1602 (the November 2024 Demand); 

WHEREAS, on November 25, 2024, Alta Fox Opportunities delivered a note to the
Company increasing the Maximum Percentage (as defined in the Convertible Note) to 14.99%; 

WHEREAS, on
December 11, 2024, the Company delivered a notice of conversion to Alta Fox Opportunities, pursuant to which the Company provided notice of its intent to exercise its right to force the conversion of 1,109,350 shares of Common Stock (the
Second Conversion Notice); 

WHEREAS, on December 12, 2024, Alta Fox Opportunities sent the Company a second
demand to inspect certain of the Companys books and records pursuant to South Dakota Business Corporation Act 47-1A-1602 (the December 2024
Demand); 

WHEREAS, on January 10, 2025, the Company delivered a notice of conversion to Alta Fox Opportunities,
pursuant to which the Company provided notice of its intent to exercise its right to force the conversion of 1,109,350 shares of Common Stock (the Third Conversion Notice); 

WHEREAS, on January 27, 2025, the Company issued 2,218,700 shares of its Common Stock to Alta Fox Opportunities in full
satisfaction of the First Conversion Notice and Second Conversion Notice, and on February 4, 2025, the Company issued 1,109,350 shares of Common Stock in full satisfaction of the Third Conversion Notice; 

WHEREAS, on February 4, 2025, Alta Fox Opportunities filed a lawsuit (the Alta Fox Litigation) in the U.S.
District Court for the District of South Dakota (the South Dakota District Court) and styled Alta Fox Opportunities Fund, LP v. Daktronics, Inc. et al., Case No. 4:25-cv-4017, relating to the 2025 Special Meeting of Shareholders (including, without limitation, any adjournments or postponements thereof and any meeting which may be called in lieu thereof, the
2025 Special Meeting) and seeking, among other things, declaratory and injunctive relief preventing the Company from holding the 2025 Special Meeting to vote on the reincorporation of the Company from South Dakota to Delaware (the
Reincorporation); 

WHEREAS, on February 10, 2025, the Company delivered a notice of conversion to Alta Fox
Opportunities, pursuant to which the Company provided notice of its intent to exercise its right to force the conversion of 680,563 shares of Common Stock (the Final Conversion Notice), which shares will be delivered on
March 4, 2025 following satisfaction of the obligations under the Convertible Note by the parties thereto;

WHEREAS,
on February 25, 2025, the South Dakota District Court issued a memorandum in the Alta Fox Litigation indicating its intention to deny Alta Fox Opportunities preliminary injunction motion with a written opinion and Order; 

WHEREAS, as of the Effective Date, the Investor Parties beneficially own an aggregate of 5,973,599 shares of Common Stock; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investor Parties desire to enter into this Agreement regarding compositional change to the Board and
certain other matters, as provided in this Agreement, and to resolve the existing disputes among them, including the November 2024 Demand, the December 2024 Demand and the Alta Fox Litigation. 

2 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, representations and mutual
covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Party hereby agrees as follows: 

1. Board Composition and Other Company Matters. 

(a) New Director. 

(i) As soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective Date, the Board, and all applicable committees of the Board,
shall take all necessary actions to: (A) increase the size of the Board from eight (8) to nine (9) directors, and (B) appoint Peter Feigin (the New Director), who shall fill the newly created vacancy resulting
from the increase in the size of the Board, to serve as a director with a term expiring at the Companys 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (including, without limitation, any adjournments or postponements thereof and any meeting which may be
called in lieu thereof, the 2027 Annual Meeting). 

(ii) Prior to the appointment of the New Director to
the Board, the Board shall determine whether the New Director (A) is an Independent Director and (B) meets the standards for eligibility and qualification and other requirements set forth in the Companys Board of Directors Corporate
Governance Guidelines (the Corporate Governance Guidelines). In connection with the foregoing, and as a condition to the appointment of the New Director to the Board, the New Director shall (C) provide (x) such
information required to be or customarily disclosed by directors or director candidates in proxy statements or other filings under applicable law or stock exchange regulations, (y) such information reasonably requested by the Board in
connection with assessing eligibility, independence and other criteria applicable to directors or satisfying compliance and legal obligations and (z) a fully completed and executed copy of the Companys director candidate questionnaire
(substantially in the form completed by the Companys incumbent non-management directors) and (D) participate in customary procedures for new director candidates, including, without limitation, an
interview with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board (the Nominating Committee) and an appropriate background check, comparable to those undergone by other
non-management directors of the Company. 

(b) Board Committees. Immediately
following the appointment of the New Director to the Board, the Board and all applicable committees of the Board shall take all necessary actions to appoint the New Director to the Transformation Committee of the Board. Without limiting the
foregoing, the New Director shall be equally eligible for membership to any other committees of the Board as any other Independent Director of the Board with similar relevant expertise and qualifications. 

3 

(c) Replacement Rights. If the New Director is unable or unwilling to
serve as a director, is not appointed pursuant to Section 1(a)(i) hereof, resigns as a director, or otherwise ceases to be a director, in each case due to death or disability prior to the Termination Date (as
defined below), and at such time the Investor Parties beneficial ownership, in the aggregate, equals or exceeds three percent (3.0%) of the then-outstanding Common Stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits, reclassifications, combinations
and similar adjustments, the Minimum Ownership Threshold), then the Investor Parties shall have the right to select a candidate to replace the New Director (such person, a Replacement New Director);
provided, however, that prior to and as a condition precedent to the appointment of the Replacement New Director, the Replacement New Director shall (i) satisfy the NASDAQ Independence Standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (or
applicable requirement of such other national securities exchange designated as the primary market on which the Common Stock is listed for trading), (ii) provide such information and participate in such customary procedures required for the New
Director under Section 1(a)(ii) hereof, (iii) have a substantially similar skill set as the New Director, (iv) satisfy the eligibility, qualification and other requirements set forth in the Corporate Governance
Guidelines and (v) have been deemed otherwise reasonably acceptable by the Nominating Committee and approved of by the Board (with each such approval and acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld). Effective upon the Replacement New
Directors appointment to the Board, such Replacement New Director will be considered the New Director for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(d) Board Refreshment. The Company agrees that the Board will abstain from nominating, or otherwise recommending that
the shareholders of the Company vote to re-elect at least one of the incumbent directors serving on the Board as of the Effective Date whose term expires at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders (including, without limitation, any adjournments or postponements thereof and any meeting which may be called in lieu thereof). 

(e) Board Policies and Procedures. Each Party acknowledges that the New Director, upon his appointment to the Board and
for so long as he is a member of the Board, shall be governed by all of the same policies, processes, procedures, codes, rules, standards and guidelines applicable to members of the Board, including, without limitation, the Companys Code of
Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Stock Trading Policy and any other policies on stock ownership, public disclosures, legal compliance and confidentiality (collectively, the Company Policies) and all applicable rules
and regulations of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (including, without limitation, its independence standards), and will be required to strictly adhere to the Companys policies on confidentiality imposed on all members of the Board. The Company
agrees that, upon his appointment to the Board and for so long as he is a member of the Board, the New Director shall receive (i) the same benefits of director and officer insurance as all
other non-management directors on the Board, (ii) the same compensation for his service as a director as the compensation received by
other non-management directors on the Board and (iii) such other benefits on the same basis as all other non-management directors on the Board.

(f) Lead Independent Director. As soon as practicable following the Effective Date, the Board, and all applicable
committees of the Board, shall take all actions necessary to amend the Bylaws to require the Independent Directors of the Board to select from among themselves a Lead Independent Director in the event that the Chairperson of the Board is not an
Independent Director of the Board. The Lead Independent Director shall have such duties and responsibilities as determined by a majority of the Independent Directors of the Board. 

4 

2. Corporate Governance and Related Matters. 

(a) Compensation Matters. The Board, in consultation with the Compensation Committee of the Board (the
Compensation Committee), shall take all necessary actions to engage an independent compensation consultant (the Compensation Consultant) no later than March 31, 2025, to conduct a review of the
Companys compensation program. The Compensation Committee shall work with the Compensation Consultant on such review and use its reasonable best efforts to recommend to the Board modifications to the Companys executive compensation
program to incorporate performance-based equity awards with medium- or long-term performance targets no later than September 30, 2025 for the Boards approval and implementation (such approval and implementation not to be unreasonably
withheld and subject to the Boards determination that approval of such modifications is consistent with the Boards fiduciary duties). 

(b) Rights Agreement. As soon as practicable following the Effective Date, the Company shall take all necessary actions
to amend, and shall direct Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (the Rights Agent) to approve, with such obligation of the Rights Agent to approve being qualified by the terms described in that certain Rights Agreement, dated as of
November 16, 2018, as amended on November 19, 2021 and November 19, 2024, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent (the Rights Agreement), an amendment to the Rights Agreement, such that the Final
Expiration Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall be accelerated to occur as promptly as practicable following the Effective Date, and that such amendment be made effective in accordance with the terms of the Rights Agreement. 

(c) Cooperation. The Company agrees to provide the Investor Parties a reasonable opportunity to communicate their views
to the Company regarding its ongoing search for a new Chief Financial Officer so long as such communications by the Investor Parties are not intended to, or would not reasonably be expected to, require any public disclosure of such communications by
any Party. 

(d) Investor Day. The Company agrees that prior to December 31, 2025, the Company shall hold an
investor day (the Investor Day) at an appropriate date and time as shall be determined by the Board, at which the Company shall provide capital allocation guidance and mid- to long-term
targets with respect to one or more financial or accounting metrics. No more than three (3) weeks nor less than one (1) week prior to the Investor Day, the Company shall provide the Investor Parties an opportunity to enter into a customary
information sharing agreement to enable the Company to share confidential information with the Investor Parties in connection with the Companys anticipated communications at the Investor Day. 

5 

3. Withdrawal of Campaign and Related Matters. Effective upon the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the Investor Parties hereby: 

(a) irrevocably withdraw any pending demand or request for a copy of the
Companys list of shareholders or its other books and records pursuant to Rule 14a-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
Exchange Act) or under any statutory or regulatory provisions of South Dakota providing for shareholder access to books and records (including, without limitation, lists of shareholders) of the Company, including, without
limitation, the November 2024 Demand and the December 2024 Demand (with this Agreement deemed to evidence such withdrawal); 

(b) agree to
take all necessary actions to immediately cease any and all solicitation and other activities in connection with the 2025 Special Meeting (it being understood and agreed that the Investor Parties are required to vote their shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned as of the record date with respect to the 2025 Special Meeting, subject to the provisions of this Agreement); and 

(c)
agree to take all necessary actions to immediately disable and not permit to be re-enabled the website www.FixDaktronics.com and any other websites the Investor Parties directly or indirectly
maintain with respect to their solicitation efforts and/or campaigns with respect to the Company and/or the 2025 Special Meeting. 

4.
Voting Commitment. From the Effective Date until the Termination Date (the Standstill Period), each of the Investor Parties agrees that it will appear in person or by proxy at each annual or special meeting of
shareholders of the Company (including, without limitation, any adjournments or postponements thereof and any meetings which may be called in lieu thereof), whether such meeting is held at a physical location or virtually by means of remote
communications or a hybrid combination thereof, and will vote (or execute a consent with respect to) all Voting Securities beneficially owned by it in accordance with the Boards recommendations with respect to (a) the election, removal or
replacement of any director, (b) the ratification of the appointment of the Companys independent registered public accounting firm, (c) the Companys
say-on-pay proposal, (d) the Reincorporation and (e) any other proposal to be submitted to the shareholders of the Company by either the Company or
any shareholder of the Company; provided, however, that if Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS) and Glass, Lewis & Co. LLC (Glass Lewis) (including, without limitation, any
successor thereto) issue a voting recommendation that differs from the Boards recommendation with respect to any proposal submitted to shareholders (other than as related to the election, removal or replacement of any director, or the
Reincorporation), the Investor Parties shall be permitted to vote in accordance with ISSs and Glass Lewiss recommendation; provided, further, that the Investor Parties shall be permitted to vote in their sole discretion on
any proposal of the Company in respect of any Extraordinary Transaction. 

5.
Non-Disparagement. 

(a) During the Standstill Period, none of the
Investor Parties shall make, nor cause to be made, and shall cause each of its or his Representatives not to make or cause to be made, any public statement with respect to this Agreement, or take any action that is intended to or would reasonably be
expected to require any public disclosure by an Investor Party, in each case regarding this Agreement, the subject matter contained herein, or any Party or any Partys Representatives, except as provided in
Section 5(c) or Section 13(c) hereto. 

6 

(b) During the Standstill Period, the Companyagrees that neither it
nor any of its Affiliates shall make any public statement that constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages, defames or damages the reputation or good name of the Investor Parties or is otherwise critical, negative towards or
derogatory of the Investor Parties or any of the Investor Parties known Representatives. 

(c) Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this Section 5 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit any Party from making any truthful statement or disclosure as may be required under the federal securities laws or other applicable laws
(including, without limitation, to comply with the terms of any valid subpoena, order or other legal process from any governmental or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction over the relevant Party hereto), by deposition, interrogatory,
request for documents, civil investigative demand or stock exchange regulations. 

6. No Litigation.During the
Standstill Period, each Party covenants and agrees solely for and on behalf of itself that it shall not, and shall not permit any of its Representatives (solely in the context of their representation of such Party in connection with the subject
matter of this Agreement) to, alone or in concert with others, knowingly encourage or pursue, or knowingly assist any other Person to threaten, initiate or pursue, any lawsuit, claim or proceeding (including, without limitation, with respect to the
Investor Parties, commencing, encouraging or supporting any derivative or similar action in the name of the Company or any class action against the Company or any of its officers or directors) before any court or governmental, administrative or
regulatory body (collectively, a Legal Proceeding) against (a) with respect to the Investor Parties, the Company or any of its Representatives (solely in the context of their representation of the Company in connection with
the subject matter of this Agreement) and (b) with respect to the Company, the Investor or any of its Representatives (solely in the context of their representation of the Investor in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement);
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent (w) any Party or any of its Representatives from responding to oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoenas, civil investigative demands
or similar processes (a Legal Requirement) in connection with any Legal Proceeding if such Legal Proceeding has not been initiated by, or on behalf of, such Party or any of its Representatives (solely in the context of their
representation of such Party in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement), (x) litigation by any Party to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, (y) counterclaims with respect to any proceeding initiated by a Party in breach
of this Agreement and (z) the exercise of statutory appraisal rights; provided, further, that in the event that such Party or any of its Representatives receives such Legal Requirement, such Party shall, unless prohibited by
applicable law, give prompt written notice of such Legal Requirement to the other Party. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Section 6 apply fully and without limitation to any Legal Proceeding with respect
to or concerning the Notes Related Agreements. 

7 

7. Releases. 

(a) As of the Effective Date, the Company, for itself, and to the fullest extent possible, and on behalf of the Companys
subsidiaries, joint ventures and partnerships, successors, assigns, officers, directors, partners, members, managers, principals, predecessor or successor entities, agents, employees, shareholders, auditors, advisors, consultants, attorneys,
insurers, heirs, executors, administrators and successors and assigns of any such Person, permanently, fully, and completely releases, acquits and discharges the Investor Parties, and their respective joint ventures and partnerships, Affiliates,
successors, assigns, officers, directors, partners, members, managers, principals, predecessor or successor entities, agents, employees, shareholders, auditors, advisors, consultants, attorneys, insurers, heirs, executors, administrators and
successors and assigns of any such Person (collectively, the Investor Released Parties), jointly or severally, of and from any and all claims, demands, damages, causes of action, debts, liabilities, controversies, judgments and
suits of every kind and nature whatsoever, foreseen, unforeseen, known or unknown, that the Company has had, now has, or may have against any of the Investor Released Parties, collectively, jointly or severally, at any time prior to and including
the Effective Date, including, without limitation, any and all claims arising out of or in any way whatsoever related to the Investor Parties involvement with the Company (such release by the Company, the Company Release).

(b) As of the Effective Date, the Investor Parties, and each of them, permanently, fully and completely release, acquit
and discharge the Company, and the Companys subsidiaries, Affiliates, Associates, joint ventures and partnerships, successors, assigns, officers, directors, partners, members, managers, principals, predecessor or successor entities, agents,
employees, shareholders, auditors, advisors, consultants, attorneys, insurers, heirs, executors, administrators and successors and assigns of any such Person (in each case, and in their capacities as such) (collectively, the Company
Released Parties), jointly or severally, of and from any and all claims, demands, damages, causes of action, debts, liabilities, controversies, judgments and suits of every kind and nature whatsoever, foreseen, unforeseen, known or
unknown, that the Investor Parties or any of them, for themselves or itself, and on behalf of their joint ventures and partnerships, successors, assigns, officers, directors, partners, members, managers, principals, predecessor or successor
entities, agents, employees, shareholders, auditors, advisors, consultants, attorneys, insurers, heirs, executors, administrators and successors and assigns of any such Person, have had, now have, or may have against any of the Company Released
Parties, collectively, jointly or severally, at any time prior to and including the Effective Date, including, without limitation, any and all claims arising out of or in any way whatsoever related to (i) the facts, allegations and claims
asserted in the Alta Fox Litigation, the November 2024 Demand and the December 2024 Demand, (ii) the Investor Parties involvement with the Company or (iii) any Notes Related Agreement (such release by the Investor Parties, the
Investor Release and together with the Company Release, the Releases). 

(c) Each
Party hereby acknowledges that as of the time of the Effective Date, the Parties may have claims against one another that a Party does not know or suspect to exist in their or its favor, including, without limitation, claims that, had they been
known, might have affected the decision to enter into this Agreement, or to provide the Releases set forth in this Section 7. In connection with such any such claims, each Party agrees that they intend to waive, relinquish
and release any and all provisions, rights and benefits any state or territory of the United States or other jurisdiction that purports to limit the 

8 

application of a release to unknown claims, or to facts unknown at the time the release was entered into. In connection with this waiver, each Party acknowledges that they, or any of them, may
(including, without limitation, after the Effective Date) discover facts in addition to or different from those known or believed by them to be true with respect to the subject matter of the Releases set forth in this
Section 7, but it is the intention of the Parties to complete, fully, finally and forever compromise, settle, release, discharge and extinguish any and all claims that they may have one against another, known or unknown,
suspected or unsuspected, contingent or absolute, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or unapparent, that now exist or previously existed, without regard to the subsequent discovery of additional or different facts. Each Party acknowledges that the
foregoing waiver is a key, bargained-for element to this Agreement and the Releases that are part of it. The Investor Parties agree and expressly waive and relinquish, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
the provisions, rights and benefits of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, as well as any other similar provision under federal or state law, which provides: 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE
TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 

(d) The Releases provided for in this Section 7 are intended to be broad, and this breadth is a bargained-for feature of this Agreement. Despite this, the Releases provided for in this Section 7 are not intended to, and do not, extend to any Partys obligations under this
Agreement or to any Partys ongoing obligations after the Effective Date under the Convertible Note and Notes Related Agreements, including the issuance of shares pursuant to the Final Conversion Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the
delivery to Alta Fox Opportunities of the 680,563 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Final Conversion Notice as provided in Section 11(g) hereto, the Investor Release set forth in Section 7(b)
hereto shall apply with full force and effect to any claims arising under the Convertible Note and Notes Related Agreements. 

8.
Dismissal of Litigation. As a condition precedent to the Companys obligations under this Agreement, and in any case no later than five (5) business days following the Effective Date, the Investor Parties shall take all
actions necessary to dismiss with prejudice all claims asserted in any actions currently pending against the Company Released Parties, including, without limitation, the Alta Fox Litigation. The Company will reasonably cooperate with any filing
necessary to effectuate the dismissal. 

9 

9. Standstill. 

(a) During the Standstill Period, each Investor Party agrees that it shall not, and shall cause its or his Affiliates and
Associates not to, directly or indirectly: 

(i) acquire, offer or seek to acquire, agree to acquire, or acquire rights or
options to acquire (except by way of stock dividends or other distributions or offerings made available to holders of Voting Securities generally on a pro rata basis or pursuant to an Extraordinary Transaction), whether by purchase, tender or
exchange offer, through the acquisition of control of another Person, by joining a group, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, any securities of the Company (other than through a broad-based market basket or index or pursuant to the
conversion mechanics of the senior second lien secured convertible promissory notes of the Company, including the Convertible Note), any rights decoupled from the underlying securities of the Company, or any derivative securities, contracts or
instruments in any way related to the price of shares of Common Stock, or any assets or liabilities of the Company, that would result in the Investor Parties beneficially owning, in the aggregate, more than 5,973,599 shares of Common Stock; 

(ii) take any action in support of or make any proposal or request that constitutes or would result in any public announcement
or proposal with respect to, or publicly offer or propose, (A) any form of business combination or acquisition or other transaction relating to a material amount of assets or securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) any
form of restructuring, recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (C) any form of tender or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock or other Voting Securities, whether or not such
transaction involves a Change of Control; it being understood that the foregoing shall not prohibit an Investor Party or its or his Affiliates or Associates from (x) acquiring Voting Securities to the extent permitted by the proviso in
Section 9(a)(i), (y) selling or tendering its or his shares of Common Stock, and otherwise receiving consideration, pursuant to any such transaction or (z) voting on any such transaction in accordance with
Section 4 hereof; 

(iii) engage in, or knowingly assist in the engagement in (including, without
limitation, engagement by use of or in coordination with a universal proxy card), any solicitation of proxies or written consents to vote any Voting Securities, or conduct, or assist in the conducting of, any type of binding or nonbinding referendum
with respect to any Voting Securities, or assist or participate in any other way, directly or indirectly, in any solicitation of proxies (or written consents) with respect to, or from the holders of, any Voting Securities, or otherwise become a
participant in a solicitation, as such terms are defined in Instruction 3 of Item 4 of Schedule 14A and Rule 14a-1 of Regulation 14A, respectively, under the Exchange Act, to
vote any securities of the Company (including, without limitation, by initiating, encouraging or participating in any withhold or similar campaign), in each case, other than in a manner that is consistent with the Boards
recommendation on a matter; 

10 

(iv) advise or knowingly encourage any Person with respect to the voting of
(or execution of a written consent in respect of) or disposition of any securities of the Company, other than in a manner that is consistent with the Boards recommendation on a matter after obtaining the prior written consent of the Board;

(v) other than in open market sale transactions where the identity of the purchaser is not known, sell, offer or agree to
sell, directly or indirectly, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, any securities of the Company or any rights decoupled from the underlying securities held by an Investor Party to any Third Party with a known history of activism or
known plans to engage in activism; 

(vi) take any action in support of or make any proposal or request that constitutes or
would result in: (A) advising, replacing or influencing any director or the management of the Company, including, without limitation, any plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any vacancies on the Board,
(B) any material change in the capitalization, stock repurchase programs and practices or dividend policy of the Company, (C) any other material change in the Companys management, business or corporate structure, (D) seeking to
have the Company waive or make amendments or modifications to the Bylaws or the Charter, or other actions that could reasonably be expected to impede or facilitate the acquisition of control of the Company by any Person, (E) causing a class of
securities of the Company to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to be quoted on, any securities exchange or (F) causing a class of securities of the Company to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to
Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act (in each case except as otherwise permitted by Section 1 or Section 4 hereof); 

(vii) call or seek to call, or request the call of, alone or in concert with others, any meeting of shareholders, whether or
not such a meeting is permitted by the Bylaws, including, without limitation, a town hall meeting; 

(viii)
deposit any shares of Common Stock or other Voting Securities in any voting trust or subject any shares of Common Stock or other Voting Securities to any arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting of any shares of Common Stock or Voting
Securities (other than customary brokerage accounts, margin accounts, prime brokerage accounts and the like); 

(ix) seek,
or knowingly encourage or advise any Person, to submit nominations in furtherance of a contested solicitation for the election or removal of directors with respect to the Company or seek, or knowingly encourage or take any other action
with respect to, the election or removal of any directors; 

11 

(x) form, join or in any other way participate in any group
(within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) with respect to any Voting Security; 

(xi) demand a copy
of the Companys list of shareholders or its other books and records or make any request pursuant to Rule 14a-7 under the Exchange Act or under any statutory or regulatory provisions of applicable
state law providing for shareholder access to books and records (including, without limitation, lists of shareholders) of the Company; 

(xii) make any request or submit any proposal to amend or waive the terms of this Section 8 other
than through non-public communications with the Company that would not be reasonably likely to trigger public disclosure obligations for any Party; or 

(xiii) enter into any discussions, negotiations, agreements or understandings with any Person with respect to any action an
Investor Party is prohibited from taking pursuant to this Section 8, or advise, assist, knowingly encourage or seek to persuade any Person to take any action or make any statement with respect to any such action, or
otherwise take or cause any action or make any statement inconsistent with any of the foregoing. 

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in Section 9(a) hereof or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Investor Parties shall not be prohibited or restricted from: (i) communicating privately with members of the Board or
officers of the Company regarding any matter in a manner consistent with communications that may be reasonably made by all shareholders of the Company, so long as such communications are not intended to, and would not reasonably be expected to,
require any public disclosure of such communications by any Party, (ii) taking any action necessary to comply with any law, rule or regulation or any action required by any governmental or regulatory authority or stock exchange that has, or may
have, jurisdiction over the Investor Parties; provided, that a breach by such Investor Party of this Agreement is not the cause of the applicable requirement, (iii) publicly disclosing how the Investor Parties or any Investor Party
intends to vote or act with respect to any securities of the Company in connection with any Extraordinary Transaction submitted for a vote of the Companys shareholders, if, and only if, required under federal securities laws or other
applicable laws in accordance with Section 5(c) hereto or (iv) communicating with shareholders of the Company and others in a manner that does not otherwise violate this Agreement. 

(c) The provisions of Section 9(a) hereof shall also not prevent the Investor Parties from freely
voting their shares of Common Stock (except as otherwise provided in Section 4 hereof). 

(d)
During the Standstill Period, the Investor Parties shall refrain from taking any actions which could reasonably be expected to have the effect of encouraging or assisting any Third Party to engage in actions which, if taken by the Investor Parties,
would violate this Agreement. 

12 

(e) The Investor Parties and the Company acknowledge that, other than as
permitted by Section 2(c) and Section 2(d) or otherwise restricted by any other terms in this Agreement or applicable law, each Investor Party shall conduct itself or himself as, and be treated as,
any other shareholder of the Company, with similar shareholder rights and access to management and the Board. Each Investor Party shall not have or claim any information rights beyond those afforded to all other shareholders (other than as provided
by Section 2(d) as limited or otherwise restricted by the provisions of Section 9(a) hereof) and acknowledges the Companys securities disclosure obligations, including, without limitation,
the Companys Regulation FD obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 9(a) hereof or elsewhere in this Agreement, no term of this Agreement shall limit in any respect the actions of any
director of the Company in his or her capacity as such, recognizing that such actions are subject to such directors fiduciary duties to the Company and its shareholders and the Company Policies (it being understood and agreed that the Investor
Parties shall not take any actions to indirectly violate any provision of Section 9(a) hereof). 

10.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Investor Parties that (a) the Company has the corporate power and authority to execute this Agreement and to bind it thereto, (b) this
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the Company, and is enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and subject to general equity principles and
(c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not and will not violate or conflict with (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to it or (ii) result in any breach or
violation of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any organizational document, or any material agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. 

11. Representations and Warranties and Acknowledgement of the Investor Parties. Each Investor Party represents and warrants to
the Company solely for and on behalf of itself or himself that (a) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by such Investor Party, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of such Investor
Party, and is enforceable against such Investor Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally
affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and subject to general equity principles, (b) the Investor Parties beneficially own an aggregate of 5,973,599 shares of Common Stock, (c) the signatory for such Investor Party has the power
and authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of itself or himself and the applicable Investor Party associated with that signatorys name, and to bind such Investor Party to the terms hereof, (d) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by such Investor Party does not and will not violate or conflict with (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to it or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under or pursuant to, or result in the 

13 

loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document or any material agreement, contract, commitment,
understanding or arrangement to which such Investor Party is a party or by which it or he is bound, (e) the New Director is not and will not be a stockholder designee or representative of any Investor Party, and each Investor Party shall not
seek, and further acknowledges that it or he does not and will not have the right to receive, confidential information concerning the Company from the New Director, (f) each Investor Party is not, nor will any Investor Party become, party to
any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with the New Director with respect to his service as a director on the Board and (g) each Investor Party acknowledges that upon the delivery to Alta Fox Opportunities of
the 680,563 shares of Common Stock converted pursuant to the Final Conversion Notice, the Convertible Note will be fully converted, and therefore any and all obligations arising under the Notes Related Agreements shall be deemed fully satisfied,
accordingly, and subject to such delivery, the Investor Parties shall physically surrender the Convertible Note to the Company, take any and all action to release any securities or obligations pursuant to the Guarantees and Securities and terminate
the Registration Rights Agreement. 

12. No Other Discussions or Arrangements. Each Investor Party represents and warrants
that, as of the Effective Date, except as publicly disclosed in their respective filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or otherwise specifically disclosed to the Company in writing prior to the
Effective Date, (a) none of the Investor Parties owns, of record or beneficially, any Voting Securities or any securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, any Voting Securities, (b) none of the Investor Parties has
entered into, directly or indirectly, any agreements or understandings with any Person (other than their own respective Representatives) with respect to any potential transaction involving the Company or the voting or disposition of any securities
of the Company and (c) none of the Investor Parties is a member of or participant in a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) with respect to any Voting Securities as of the Effective Date except as
has been disclosed in that certain Schedule 13D originally filed by the Investor Parties with the SEC on December 2, 2024 (the Investor Parties Schedule 13D). 

13. Public Statements; SEC Filings. 

(a) Within one (1) Business Day following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue a press release announcing
this Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

(b) The Company shall file with the SEC a
Current Report on Form 8-K reporting its entry into this Agreement and appending this Agreement as an exhibit thereto (the
Form 8-K). The Form 8-K shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement. The Company shall provide the Investor
Parties with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Form 8-K prior to the filing of the Form 8-K with the SEC and consider in good faith any
such comments of the Investor Parties. 

(c) No later than two (2) Business Days following the Effective Date, the
Investor Parties shall file with the SEC an amendment to the Investor Parties Schedule 13D, in compliance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act, to report their entry into this Agreement (such amendment, the Schedule 13D
Amendment). The Schedule 13D 

14 

Amendment shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement. The Investor Parties shall provide the Company with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 13D Amendment
prior to the filing of the Schedule 13D Amendment with the SEC and consider in good faith any such comments of the Company. 

14.
Term; Termination. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until the date immediately following the conclusion of the 2027 Annual Meeting (such date, the Termination
Date); provided, however, that (a) the Investor Parties may earlier terminate this Agreement if the Company commits a material breach of its obligations under this Agreement that (if capable of being cured) is not
cured within fifteen (15) days after the Companys receipt of written notice from the Investor Parties specifying the material breach, or, if impossible to cure within fifteen (15) days, that the Company has not taken any substantive
action to cure within such fifteen (15) day period and (b) the Company may earlier terminate this Agreement if any Investor Party commits a material breach of this Agreement that (if capable of being cured) is not cured within fifteen
(15) days after such Investor Partys receipt of written notice from the Company specifying the material breach, or, if impossible to cure within fifteen (15) days, that such Investor Party has not taken any substantive action to cure
within such fifteen (15) day period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions of Section 7 and Section 15 through Section 26 hereof
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. The termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any Party from its responsibilities in respect of any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination. 

15. Expenses. The Company shall pay to the Investor Parties an amount not to exceed in the aggregate $1,200,000 (a) in exchange
for the Investor Release set forth in Section 7(b) hereof, (b) the dismissal with prejudice of the Alta Fox Litigation set forth in Section 8 hereof and (c) as reimbursement for the
Investor Parties reasonable, well-documented, out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including legal expenses) incurred by the Investor Parties in connection with the
negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

16. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other
than those of the State of Delaware. Each Party agrees that it shall bring any suit, action, or other proceeding in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement (each, an Action) exclusively in (a) the
Delaware Court of Chancery in and for New Castle County, (b) in the event (but only in the event) that the Delaware Court of Chancery in and for New Castle County does not have subject matter jurisdiction over such Action, the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware or (c) in the event (but only in the event) that United States District Court for the District of Delaware does not have subject matter jurisdiction over such Action, any other Delaware state court
(collectively, the Chosen Courts), and, solely in connection with an Action, irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any jurisdictional defenses (including, without
limitation, personal jurisdiction and venue) to any such Action, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any Party and (iv) agrees that service of process upon such Party
in any such Action shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 20 hereof. Each Party agrees that a final judgment in any Action brought in the Chosen Courts shall be conclusive and binding upon
each Party and may be enforced in any other courts, the jurisdiction of which each Party is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment. 

15 

17. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES
THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY
OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B) SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) SUCH PARTY MAKES
THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 17. 

18. Specific Performance. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other Party or Parties may occur in
the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached and that such injury may not be adequately compensable by the remedies available at law (including, without
limitation, the payment of money damages). It is accordingly agreed that each Party (the Moving Party) shall be entitled to seek specific enforcement, injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach or to
prevent any violation or threatened violation of, the terms hereof, and the other Party will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available
at law or in equity. Each Party further agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection with any such relief. The remedies available pursuant to this Section 18 shall not be deemed to
be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity. 

19.
Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 

(a) Affiliate shall mean any
Affiliate as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, and, for the avoidance of doubt, including, without limitation, Persons who become Affiliates subsequent to
the Effective Date; provided, however, that, for purposes of this Agreement, no Investor Party shall be deemed an Affiliate of the Company, and the Company shall not be deemed an Affiliate of any Investor Party; 

(b) Associate shall mean any Associate as defined in
Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, and, for the avoidance of doubt, including, without limitation, Persons who become Associates subsequent to the Effective Date; 

16 

(c) Business Day shall mean any day other than a
Saturday, Sunday or day on which the commercial banks in the State of New York are authorized or obligated to be closed by applicable law; 

(d) Bylaws shall mean the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated on
January 29, 2023, and as may be amended, corrected, or further amended and restated from time to time; 

(e)
Change of Control shall be deemed to have taken place if (i) any Person is or becomes a beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the equity interests
and voting power of the Companys then-outstanding equity securities or (ii) the Company enters into a stock-for-stock transaction whereby, immediately after
the consummation of the transaction the Companys shareholders retain, directly or indirectly, less than fifty percent (50%) of the equity interests and voting power of the surviving entitys then-outstanding equity securities; 

(f) Charter shall mean the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with Articles of Amendment of the
Company, as amended and restated on November 16, 2018, and as may be amended, corrected, or further amended and restated from time to time; 

(g) Common Stock shall mean the shares of common stock, no par value, of the Company; 

(h) Extraordinary Transaction shall mean any equity tender offer, equity exchange offer, merger,
acquisition, joint venture, business combination, financing, recapitalization, reorganization, restructuring, disposition, distribution, or other transaction with a Third Party that, in each case, would result in a Change of Control of the Company,
the liquidation, dissolution or other extraordinary transaction involving a majority of its equity securities or a majority of its assets (determined on a consolidated basis), or any transaction with a Third Party that is submitted for a vote of the
Companys shareholders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any PIPE, convertible note, convertible preferred security or similar structure that on a fully diluted basis, would result in an increase of 10% or more of the shares then
outstanding prior to the contemplated transaction); 

(i) Independent Director shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in the Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC or the applicable requirements of such other national securities exchange designated as the primary market on which the Common Stock is listed for trading; 

(j) Parties shall mean the Company and the collective Investor Parties, and each of the Company and the
collective Investor Parties, respectively, a Party; 

(k) Person or
Persons shall mean any individual, corporation (including, without limitation, not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization or other entity of any kind, structure or nature; 

17 

(l) Representative shall mean a Persons Affiliates
and Associates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, managers, consultants, legal or other advisors, agents and other representatives; provided, that when used with respect to the Company,
Representative shall not include any non-executive employees; 

(m)
Third Party shall mean any Person that is not (i) a Party to this Agreement, (ii) a member of the Board, (iii) an officer of the Company or (iv) an Affiliate or Associate of any Party; and 

(n) Voting Securities shall mean the Common Stock and any other securities of the Company entitled to vote
in the election of directors. 

20. Notices.All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
(receipt requested), (c) on the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours, and on the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective Parties at the addresses set forth in this Section 20 (or to such other address that may be
designated by a Party from time to time in accordance with this Section 20). 

If to the Company, to its address
at: 

Daktronics, Inc. 

201
Daktronics Drive 

Brookings, South Dakota 57006 

Attention: 

Sheila M. Anderson 

Email: 

Sheila.Anderson@daktronics.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. 

1114 Avenue of the Americas, 32nd Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: 

Lawrence S. Elbaum 

Francisco Morales Barrn 

C. Patrick Gadson 

Email: 

lelbaum@velaw.com 

fmorales@velaw.com 

pgadson@velaw.com 

18 

If to an Investor Party, to the address at: 

Alta Fox Capital Management, LLC 

640 Taylor Street, Suite 2522 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

Attention: 

P. Connor Haley 

Email: 

Connor@altafoxcapital.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati 

1301 Avenue of the Americas, 40th Floor 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: 

Sebastian Alsheimer 

Email: 

salsheimer@wsgr.com 

21. Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the
subject matters contained herein, and it supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matters. This Agreement may be amended, modified or
supplemented only by an agreement in writing signed by each Party. 

22. Severability. If any term or provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any
other jurisdiction. 

23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an
original signed copy of this Agreement. 

24. Assignment. No Party may assign any of its rights or delegate any of its
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, that each Party may assign any of its rights and delegate any of its obligations hereunder to any Person that acquires substantially all of that
Partys assets, whether by stock sale, merger, asset sale or otherwise. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section 24 shall be null and void. No assignment or delegation shall relieve the
assigning or delegating Party of any of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer
upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

19 

25. Waivers. No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the Party so waiving. No waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach, or default not expressly identified by such written
waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. 

26. Interpretation. Each Party acknowledges that it has been represented by legal counsel of its choice throughout all
negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement and that it has executed the same with the advice of said counsel. Each Party and its respective legal counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this
Agreement and the documents referred to herein, and may not be construed against any Party by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this
Agreement against any Party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is expressly waived by each Party, and any controversy over interpretations of this Agreement shall be decided without regard to events of drafting or preparation. The
headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect or be deemed to affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision of this Agreement. In this Agreement,
unless a clear contrary intention appears, (a) the word including (in its various forms) means including, without limitation, (b) the words hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of
similar import are references in this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, (c) the word or is not exclusive, (d) references to Sections in this Agreement are references to
Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated, and (e) whenever the context requires, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement to be effective as of
the Effective Date. 

THE COMPANY:

DAKTRONICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Reece A. Kurtenbach

Name: Reece A. Kurtenbach

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Signature Page to Cooperation Agreement) 

INVESTOR PARTIES:

ALTA FOX CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: 

/s/ P. Connor Haley

Name: P. Connor Haley

Title: Manager

ALTA FOX OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LP

By: Alta Fox GenPar, LP, its General Partner

By: Alta Fox Equity, LLC, its General Partner

By: 

/s/ P. Connor Haley

Name: P. Connor Haley

Title: Manager

ALTA FOX GENPAR, LP

By: Alta Fox Equity, LLC, its General Partner

By: 

/s/ P. Connor Haley

Name: P. Connor Haley

Title: Manager

ALTA FOX EQUITY, LLC

By: 

/s/ P. Connor Haley

Name: P. Connor Haley

Title: Manager

P. CONNOR HALEY

(Signature Page to Cooperation Agreement) 

Exhibit A 

Press Release 

Daktronics and Alta Fox Enter into Cooperation Agreement 

Daktronics to Appoint Peter Feigin to the Board 

Daktronics Confirms Its Commitment to An Investor Day in 2025 

Alta Fox to Withdraw Litigation and Support Reincorporation to Delaware 

BROOKINGS, S.D., March 3, 2025 Daktronics, Inc. (Daktronics, the Company, we, or us)
(NASDAQ-DAKT), the leading U.S.-based designer and manufacturer of best-in-class dynamic video communication displays and control systems for customers worldwide, today
announced it has entered into a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with Alta Fox Capital Management, LLC (collectively with certain of its affiliates, Alta Fox), which is the Companys largest shareholder.

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company will appoint Peter Feigin, an Alta Fox-recommended candidate,
as a new independent member of its Board of Directors (the Board). Mr. Feigin will immediately join the Boards Transformation Committee. He currently serves as the President of Milwaukee Bucks Inc. (the Bucks) and
the Fiserv Forum sports arena, brings more than 25 years of sales and marketing experience, including as Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer of Deluxe Entertainment Services Group, an international entertainment company. 

Daktronics has also confirmed that it will host an Investor Day in 2025 to provide shareholders with greater insight into the Companys strategy,
financial targets and outlook, and capital allocation framework. In addition, Daktronics will solicit input from Alta Fox on its search for a new Chief Financial Officer. 

As part of the Cooperation Agreement, Alta Fox has agreed to withdraw all litigation against the Company with prejudice, support the Companys
reincorporation to Delaware, and adhere to customary standstill restrictions and voting commitments through the Companys 2027 annual meeting of shareholders. 

A-1 

The addition of Peter Feigin to the Board will bolster the Companys efforts to drive long-term
value, said Reece Kurtenbach, Daktronics Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer. We welcome him and look forward to working together. 

Connor Haley, Managing Partner of Alta Fox, added, It is a win for all of Daktronics shareholders and stakeholders to have Peter, a well-known
sports and entertainment industry leader, join the Companys Board. Together with leaderships governance enhancements and investor relations commitments, his appointment positions Daktronics for long-term success. We are pleased to move
forward in a constructive manner and work with the Board and management to enhance value for shareholders. 

A copy of the Cooperation Agreement will
be included as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, which will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

About Peter Feigin 

Peter Feigin currently serves as the
President of the Bucks, an American professional basketball team that won the NBA Championship in 2021, and Fiserv Forum, the Bucks arena. Prior to joining the Bucks, Mr. Feigin served as the Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer of Deluxe
Entertainment Services Group, a major international entertainment company, from May 2013 to October 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Feigin was the President of Marquis Jet Partners Inc., a leading private aviation company from 2010 to 2011. From 1998
to 2004, Mr. Feigin worked for the New York Knicks in a variety of roles, culminating in a position as the Vice President of Marketing of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. From 1993 to 1998, he held various sales and marketing positions,
including Director of Marketing and Promotions, with Six Flags Theme Parks Inc., which was then a Time Warner company. Mr. Feigin received his B.A. from Franklin & Marshall College. 

About Daktronics 

Daktronics has strong leadership
positions in, and is the worlds largest supplier of, large-screen video displays, electronic scoreboards, LED text and graphics displays, and related control systems. The Company excels in the control of display systems, including those that
require integration of multiple complex displays showing real-time information, graphics, animation, and video. Daktronics designs, manufactures, markets and services display systems for customers around the world in four domestic business units:
Live Events, Commercial, High School Park and Recreation, and Transportation, and one International business unit. For more information, visit the Companys website at: www.daktronics.com. 

A-2 

Safe Harbor Statement 

Cautionary Notice: In addition to statements of historical fact, this news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is intended to enjoy the protection of that Act. These forward-looking statements reflect the Companys expectations or beliefs concerning future events. The Company cautions that these and similar
statements involve risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, including, but not limited to, changes in economic and market conditions, management of growth, timing and magnitude of future
contracts and orders, fluctuations in margins, the introduction of new products and technology, the impact of adverse weather conditions, increased regulation, and other risks described in the Companys filings with the SEC, including its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for its 2024 fiscal year. Forward-looking statements are made in the context of information available as of the date stated. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise
such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur. 

For more information contact: 

INVESTOR RELATIONS: 

Sheila M. Anderson, Chief Financial Officer

Tel (605) 692-0200

Investor@daktronics.com 

Alliance Advisors IR 

Carolyn Capaccio / Jody Burfening 

DAKTIRTeam@allianceadvisors.com 

MEDIA: 

Gagnier Communications 

Riyaz Lalani / Lindsay Barber 

Daktronics@gagnierfc.com 

A-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d874207dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Daktronics and Alta Fox Enter into Cooperation Agreement 

Daktronics to Appoint Peter Feigin to the Board 

Daktronics Confirms Its Commitment to An Investor Day in 2025 

Alta Fox to Withdraw Litigation and Support Reincorporation to Delaware 

BROOKINGS, S.D., March 03, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Daktronics, Inc. (Daktronics, the Company, we, or
us) (NASDAQ-DAKT), the leading U.S.-based designer and manufacturer of best-in-class dynamic video communication displays and control systems for customers
worldwide, today announced it has entered into a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with Alta Fox Capital Management, LLC (collectively with certain of its affiliates, Alta Fox), which is the Companys
largest shareholder. 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company will appoint Peter Feigin, an Alta
Fox-recommended candidate, as a new independent member of its Board of Directors (the Board). Mr. Feigin will immediately join the Boards Transformation Committee. He currently serves as
the President of Milwaukee Bucks Inc. (the Bucks) and the Fiserv Forum sports arena, brings more than 25 years of sales and marketing experience, including as Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer of Deluxe Entertainment Services Group, an
international entertainment company. 

Daktronics has also confirmed that it will host an Investor Day in 2025 to provide shareholders with greater insight
into the Companys strategy, financial targets and outlook, and capital allocation framework. In addition, Daktronics will solicit input from Alta Fox on its search for a new Chief Financial Officer. 

As part of the Cooperation Agreement, Alta Fox has agreed to withdraw all litigation against the Company with prejudice, support the Companys
reincorporation to Delaware, and adhere to customary standstill restrictions and voting commitments through the Companys 2027 annual meeting of shareholders. 

The addition of Peter Feigin to the Board will bolster the Companys efforts to drive long-term value, said Reece Kurtenbach, Daktronics
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer. We welcome him and look forward to working together. 

Connor Haley, Managing Partner of Alta
Fox, added, It is a win for all of Daktronics shareholders and stakeholders to have Peter, a well-known sports and entertainment industry leader, join the Companys Board. Together with leaderships governance enhancements and
investor relations commitments, his appointment positions Daktronics for long-term success. We are pleased to move forward in a constructive manner and work with the Board and management to enhance value for shareholders. 

A copy of the Cooperation Agreement will be included as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on
Form 8-K, which will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

About
Peter Feigin 

Peter Feigin currently serves as the President of the Bucks, an American professional basketball team that won the NBA Championship in
2021, and Fiserv Forum, the Bucks arena. Prior to joining the Bucks, Mr. Feigin served as the Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer of Deluxe Entertainment Services Group, a major international entertainment company, from May 2013 to
October 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Feigin was the President of Marquis Jet Partners Inc., a leading private aviation company from 2010 to 2011. From 1998 to 2004, Mr. Feigin worked for the New York Knicks in a variety of roles, culminating
in a position as the Vice President of Marketing of Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. From 1993 to 1998, he held various sales and marketing positions, including Director of Marketing and Promotions, with Six Flags Theme Parks Inc., which was then
a Time Warner company. Mr. Feigin received his B.A. from Franklin & Marshall College. 

About Daktronics 

Daktronics has strong leadership positions in, and is the worlds largest supplier of, large-screen video displays, electronic scoreboards, LED text and
graphics displays, and related control systems. The Company excels in the control of display systems, including those that require integration of multiple complex displays showing real-time information, graphics, animation, and video. Daktronics
designs, manufactures, markets and services display systems for customers around the world in four domestic business units: Live Events, Commercial, High School Park and Recreation, and Transportation, and one International business unit. For more
information, visit the Companys website at: www.daktronics.com. 

Safe Harbor Statement 

Cautionary Notice: In addition to statements of historical fact, this news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is intended to enjoy the protection of that Act. These forward-looking statements reflect the Companys expectations or beliefs concerning future events. The Company cautions that these and similar
statements involve risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, including, but not limited to, changes in economic and market 

conditions, management of growth, timing and magnitude of future contracts and orders, fluctuations in margins, the introduction of new products and technology, the impact of adverse weather
conditions, increased regulation, and other risks described in the Companys filings with the SEC, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its 2024 fiscal year. Forward-looking statements are made in
the context of information available as of the date stated. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur. 

For more information contact: 

INVESTOR RELATIONS: 

Sheila M. Anderson, Chief Financial Officer 

Tel (605) 692-0200

Investor@daktronics.com 

Alliance Advisors IR 

Carolyn Capaccio / Jody Burfening 

DAKTIRTeam@allianceadvisors.com 

MEDIA: 

Gagnier Communications 

Riyaz Lalani / Lindsay Barber 

Daktronics@gagnierfc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dakt-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dakt-20250303_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dakt-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Preferred Stock [Member] 
Preferred Stock [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dakt-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g874207g77u38.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 03, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name DAKTRONICS INC /SD/

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000915779

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code SD

Entity File Number 001-38747

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-0306862

Entity Address, Address Line One 201 Daktronics Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Brookings

Entity Address, State or Province SD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 57006

City Area Code (605)

Local Phone Number 692-0200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, No Par Value

Trading Symbol DAKT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

Trading Symbol DAKT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dakt_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dakt_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://daktronics.com//20250303/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d874207d8k.htm 
dakt-20250303.xsd 
dakt-20250303_def.xml 
dakt-20250303_lab.xml 
dakt-20250303_pre.xml 

g874207g77u38.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-044301-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d874207d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000915779 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0000915779 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0000915779 

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

DAKTRONICS INC /SD/ 
false 
0000915779 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
SD 
001-38747 
46-0306862 
201 Daktronics Drive 
Brookings 
SD 
57006 
(605) 
692-0200 
Common Stock, No Par Value 
DAKT 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
DAKT 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>