<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001554795-25-000065.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001554795-25-000065.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313163025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-25-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001880343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				873905007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41147
		FILM NUMBER:		25736280

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 78984
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28271
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-766-9463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 78984
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28271

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRESH GRAPES, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210826
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>vine0313form8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

0001880343false--12-31truetrue00018803432025-03-132025-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
13, 2025

FRESH
VINE WINE, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41147 87-3905007

(State or Other
Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

P.O.
Box 78984

Charlotte,
NC28271

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(855)766-9463

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on

which registered

Common stock, par value
$0.001 per share VINE NYSE American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03
Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Years.

On
March 12, 2025, the board of directors of Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. (the Company) approved the an amendment of its articles
of incorporation (the Articles) to change the name of Company to Amaze Holdings, Inc. On March 13, 2025, the Company filed
a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect the name change. In accordance
with NYSE American rules, the name change will become effective on March 24, 2025. Under Nevada law, stockholder approval is not necessary
to effect the name change.

In
addition, on March 12, 2025, the board of directors approved amended and restated bylaws of the Company, effective as of March 24, 2025,
to reflect the name change of the Company.

Concurrently
with the name change, the Companys common stock will commence trading on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol AMZE
on March 24, 2025. There will be no change to the Companys CUSIP in connection with the name change.

Copies
of the Certificate of Amendment and Amended and Restated Bylaws are attached as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the name change and trading symbol change. The press release is furnished
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference, except that the information contained on any websites
referenced in the press release is not incorporated by reference. In addition, a transcript of a video, which is referenced in the press
release, is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information furnished in this Item 7.01 and Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached shall not be deemed to be filed for the
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject
to the liabilities of such section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a
filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 

Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, effective March 22, 2025

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (effective as of March 24, 2025)

99.1 Press Release dated March 13, 2025

99.2 Transcript of video referenced in press release dated March 13,
2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL
document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FRESH VINE WINE, INC.

Date: March 13, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Pruitt

Michael Pruitt

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>vine0313form8kexh3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>vine0313form8kexh3_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

(A NEVADA CORPORATION)

Effective as of March 24, 2025

ARTICLE IOFFICES

Section 1.01Registered
Office. The corporation shall maintain in the State of Nevada a registered office and a registered agent whose business office is
identical with such registered office.

Section 1.02Locations
of Offices. The corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the state of Nevada as the board of
directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE IISTOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.01Annual
Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held on such date and at such time as is designated by the board of directors
and as is provided for in the notice of the meeting. If the election of directors shall not be held on the day designated herein for the
annual meeting of the stockholders, or at any adjournment thereof, the board of directors shall cause the election to be held at a special
meeting of the stockholders as soon thereafter as may be convenient.

Section 2.02Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer,
the president, or in their absence or disability, by any vice president, or by the board of directors (by action of a majority of the
directors). No business shall be acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders except as set forth in the notice of the meeting.

Section 2.03Place
of Meetings. The board of directors may designate any place, either within or without the State of Nevada, as the place of meeting
for any annual meeting or for any special meeting. If no designation is made, the place of meeting shall be at the principal office of
the corporation. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any
place, but may instead be held solely by means of electronic communications, videoconferencing, teleconferencing or other available technology
in accordance with Section 2.15.

Section 2.04Notice
of Meetings. The secretary or assistant secretary, if any, shall cause notice of the time, place, and purpose or purposes of all meetings
of the stockholders (whether annual or special), to be mailed at least ten (10) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the
meeting, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote.

Section 2.05Waiver
of Notice. Any stockholder may waive notice of any meeting of stockholders (however called or noticed, whether or not called or noticed
and whether before, during, or after the meeting), signing a written waiver of notice or a consent to the holding of such meeting, or
an approval of the minutes thereof. Attendance at a meeting, in person or by proxy, shall constitute waiver of all defects of notice regardless
of whether a waiver of notice, consent to the holding of such meeting, or any approval of the minutes thereof is signed or any objections
are made, unless attendance is solely for the purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. All such waivers, consents, or approvals shall be made a part of the minutes of
the meeting.

Section 2.06Fixing
Record Date. For the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, or stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or entitled to exercise
any rights in respect to any change, conversion, or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors
may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination of stockholders, such date in any case to be not more than sixty
(60) days and, in case, of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten (10) days prior to the date on which the particular
action requiring such determination of stockholders is to be taken. If no record date is fixed for the determination of stockholders entitled
to notice of or to vote at a meeting, the day preceding the date on which notice of the meeting is mailed shall be the record date. For
any other purpose, the record date shall be the close of business on the date on which the resolution of the board of directors pertaining
thereto is adopted. When a determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been made as provided in
this section, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof. Failure to comply with this section shall not affect the validity
of any action taken at a meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.07Voting
Lists. The officers of the corporation shall cause to be prepared from the stock ledger at least ten days before every meeting of
stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof, arranged in alphabetical
order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall
be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of
at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified
in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and
kept at the time and place of the meeting, during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The
original stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required
by this section, or the books of the corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.08Quorum.
A majority of the shares of each class, and series of each class, to the extent applicable (unless more than one class and or series votes
as a class, in which case a majority of the shares voting as a class) of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in
person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business, except
as otherwise provided by statute or by the articles of incorporation. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at
any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders, entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have the
power to adjourn the meeting from time to time without notice (other than the announcement at the meeting) until a date and time that
a quorum shall be present. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or
if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 2.09Vote
Required. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of stock having a majority of the voting power present
in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one on which by express
provision of the statutes of the state of Nevada or of the articles of incorporation or as otherwise specifically required by these bylaws
a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.

Section 2.10Voting
of Stock. Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders
be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of the capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder, subject
to the modification of such voting rights of any class or classes of the corporation's capital stock by the articles of incorporation.
There is no cumulative voting. If and to the extent allowed by the laws of the State of Nevada and of the United States, stockholders
may vote electronically.

Section 2.11Proxies.
At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder entitled to vote shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy, provided however,
that the right to vote by proxy shall exist only in case the instrument authorizing such proxy to act shall have been executed in writing
by the registered holder or holders of such stock, as the case may be, as shown on the stock ledger of the corporation or by his attorney
thereunto duly authorized in writing. Such instrument authorizing a proxy to act shall be delivered at the beginning of such meeting to
the secretary of the corporation or to such other officer or person who may, in the absence of the secretary, be acting as secretary of
the meeting. In the event that any such instrument shall designate two or more persons to act as proxy, a majority of such persons present
at the meeting, or if only one be present, that one shall (unless the instrument shall otherwise provide) have all of the powers confirmed
by the instrument on all persons so designated. Persons holding stock in a fiduciary capacity, shall be entitled to vote the stock so
held and the persons whose shares are pledged shall be entitled to vote, unless, the transfer by the pledgor in the books and records
of the corporation shall have expressly empowered the pledgee to vote thereon, in which case the pledgee, or his proxy, may represent
such stock and vote thereon. No proxy shall be voted or acted on after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer
period. If and to the extent allowed by the laws of the State of Nevada and of the United States, stockholders may provide proxies electronically.

Section 2.12Stockholder Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting. Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders
of the corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken by a consent in
writing by the stockholders holding a majority of the voting power.

Section 2.13Business
at Annual Meeting. At any annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before
the meeting (a) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (b) by any stockholder of record of the corporation who
is entitled to vote with respect thereto and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this section. For business to be properly
brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of
the corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice must be received at the principal executive offices of the corporation not
less than 120 calendar days in advance of the date in the current fiscal year that corresponds to the date in the preceding fiscal year
on which the corporation's notice of meeting and related proxy statement were released to stockholders in connection with the previous
years annual meeting of stockholders, except that if no meeting was held in the immediately preceding year or if the date of the
annual meeting in the current year varies by more than 30 calendar days' from the corresponding date of such meeting in the preceding
fiscal year, such notice by the stockholder proposing business to be brought before the meeting of the stockholders must be received not
less than 30 days prior to the date of the current year's annual meeting; provided, that in the event that less than forty (40) days
notice of the date of the meeting is given to stockholders, to be timely, a stockholders notice of business to be brought before the meeting
shall be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual
meeting was mailed. A stockholders notice to the secretary shall set forth as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring
before the annual meeting (a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons
for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (b) the name and address, as they appear on the corporation's books, of the stockholder
of record proposing such business, (c) the class and number of shares of the corporation's capital stock that are beneficially owned
by such stockholder, and (d) any material interest of such stockholder in such business. Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws
to the contrary, no business shall be brought before or conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions of this
section. The officer of the corporation or the person presiding at the annual meeting shall, if the facts so warrant, determine and declare
to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with such provisions, and if such presiding officer
should so determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with such provisions
and if such presiding officer should so determine, such presiding officer shall so declare to the meeting, and any such business so determined
to be not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.

Section 2.14Notification
of Nominations. Nominations for the election of directors may be made by the board of directors or by any stockholder who both is
entitled to vote for the election of directors and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this section and any applicable
provisions in the corporations articles of incorporation. Any stockholder entitled to vote for the election of directors at a meeting
may nominate persons for election as directors only if written notice of such stockholder's intention to make such nomination is delivered
or mailed to and received by the Secretary of the corporation, at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than one
hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the date in the current fiscal year that corresponds to the date in the preceding fiscal
year on which the corporation's notice of meeting and related proxy statement were released to stockholders in connection with the previous
years annual meeting of stockholders, except that (i) with respect to an election to be held at an annual meeting of stockholders,
if no annual meeting was held in the immediately preceding year or if the date of the annual meeting in the current fiscal year has been
changed by more than thirty (30) calendar days from the corresponding date of such meeting in the preceding fiscal year, such notice by
the stockholder must be received not less than thirty (30) days prior to the date of the current year's annual meeting; provided
further, that in the event that less than forty (40) days notice of the date of the meeting is given or made to stockholders,
to be timely, a stockholders notice shall be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day, following the day on which
such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed, and (ii) with respect to an election to be hold at a special meeting of
stockholders for the election of directors, the close of business on the seventh day following the date on which notice of such meeting
is first given to stockholders. Each such notice shall be signed and verified by the issuing stockholder under penalties of perjury, and
shall set forth:

(a) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated;

(b) a representation that such stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the corporation entitled to vote at such meeting, and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or person specified in the notice;

(c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and each nominee, and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by such stockholder; and

(d) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such stockholder as would have been required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, had each nominee been nominated, or proposed to be nominated by the board of directors.

Each such notice must be accompanied by an original
signed written consent of each nominee, if elected, to serve as a director of the corporation.

The chairman and/or secretary of a meeting of the
stockholders may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure.

Section 2.15Remote
Communications. Stockholders may participate in a meeting of stockholders by means of any electronic communications, videoconferencing,
teleconferencing or other available technology permitted under the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS). If any such means
are utilized, the corporation shall, to the extent required under the NRS, implement reasonable measures to (a) verify the identity of
each person participating through such means as a stockholder, and (b) provide the stockholders a reasonable opportunity to participate
in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to communicate, and to read or hear the
proceedings of the meeting in a substantially concurrent manner with such proceedings. For the purposes of establishing a quorum and taking
any action at the meeting, participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.15 constitutes presence in person at the meeting. A meeting
of stockholders may be held solely by remote communication pursuant to this Section 2.15.

ARTICLE IIIDIRECTORS

Section 3.01Number,
Term, and Qualifications. The board of directors shall consist of one or more members, each of whom shall be a natural person. The
number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be fixed from time to time by a majority vote of the directors then in
office even though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have
the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires. At each annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting
in lieu thereof, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the
succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting in lieu thereof until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
Directors need neither be residents of the state of incorporation nor stockholders of the corporation.

Section 3.02Vacancies
and Newly Created Directorships. Vacancies resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the
board of directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause may be filled only
by a majority vote of the directors then in office even though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders.
In the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors, each director then serving as such shall nevertheless
continue as a director until the expiration of his or her current term or his or her prior death, retirement, removal or resignation.
In the event of a vacancy in the board of directors, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers
of the full board of directors until the vacancy is filled. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each director shall serve until his or her
successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. If there are no directors in office, then an
election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute.

Section 3.03General
Powers. The business of the corporation shall be managed under the direction of its board of directors which may exercise all such
powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the articles of incorporation or by these
bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 3.04Regular
Meetings. A regular meeting of board of directors shall be held without notice immediately following and at the same place as the
annual meeting of stockholders. The board of directors may provide by resolution, the time and place, either within or without the state
of incorporation, for the holding of additional regular meetings without other notice than such resolution.

Section 3.05Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the chairman of the board, the chief executive
officer, the president, or any two directors. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the board of directors may
fix any place, either within or without the state of incorporation, as the place for holding any special meeting of the board of directors
called by them.

Section 3.06Telephonic
and Electronic Communications. Members of the board of directors or of any committee designated by the board of directors may participate
in a meeting of the board of directors or such committee through electronic communications, videoconferencing, teleconferencing or other
available technology permitted under the NRS. If any such means are utilized, the corporation shall, to the extent required under the
NRS, implement reasonable measures to (a) verify the identity of each person participating through such means as a director or member
of the committee, as the case may be; and (b) provide the directors or members a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting
and to vote on matters submitted to the directors or members, as the case may be, including an opportunity to communicate and to read
or hear the proceedings of the meeting in a substantially concurrent manner with such proceedings. For the purposes of establishing a
quorum and taking any action at the meeting, such directors or members of the committee, as the case may be, participating pursuant to
this Section 3.06 shall be deemed present in person at the meeting.

Section 3.07Notice.
Notice of any special meeting shall be delivered personally or by telephone or by facsimile or by email to each director or sent by first-class
mail, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address, phone number, facsimile number, or email (as the case may
be) as shown on the records of the corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four
(4) days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by facsimile or
by email, it shall be delivered at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of the holding of the meeting Any director may waive
notice of any meeting. Attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a director
attends a meeting solely for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called
or convened.

Section 3.08Quorum.
A majority of the number of directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the board
of directors, but if less than a majority is present at a meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time
to time without further notice.

Section 3.09Manner
of Acting. The act of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board
of directors, unless the question is one on which by express provision of the statutes of the state of Nevada or of the articles of incorporation
or as otherwise specifically required by these bylaws a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern
and control the decision of such question, and individual directors shall have no power as such.

Section 3.10Written
Consent to Action by Directors. Any action required to be taken at a meeting of the directors of the corporation or any other action
which may be taken at a meeting of the directors or of a committee, may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing, setting forth
the action so taken, shall be signed by all of the directors, or all of the members of the committee, as the case may be. Such consent
shall have the same legal effect as a unanimous vote of all the directors or members of the committee.

Section 3.11. Interested
Directors. No contract or transaction between the corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the corporation
and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors
or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, solely because the director or officer is
present at or participates in the meeting of the board of directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction,
or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: (1) the fact as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract
or transaction is known to the board of directors or the committee, and the board of directors or committee in good faith authorizes the
contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors
be less than a quorum; (2) the fact as to his or her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction is known to the stockholders
entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (3) the
contract or transaction is fair as to the corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved, or ratified by the board of directors,
a committee thereof, or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting
of the board of directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.

Section 3.12 Committees
of Directors. The board of directors may designate and appoint one or more committees as the board of directors considers appropriate,
which shall consist of one or more directors of the corporation. Persons who are not directors of the corporation are not eligible to
serve on committees of the board of directors. The board of directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any
committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Each committee, to the extent provided in
the resolution of the board of directors creating same, shall have and may exercise such of the powers and authority of the board of directors
in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation as the board of directors may direct and delegate, except, however, those
matters which are required by statute to be reserved unto or acted upon by the entire board of directors. The board of directors shall
have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve, any such committee. Unless otherwise provided
for in a resolution of the board of directors designating a committee, a majority of the authorized number of members of such committee
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business of such committee, and the vote of a majority of the members of such committee
present at a meeting of such committee at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee except where otherwise required
by these bylaws or the charter of such committee. Unless otherwise appointed by the board of directors, each committee may fix its own
presiding and recording officer or officers, and may meet at such place or places, at such time or times and on such notice (or without
notice) as it shall determine from time to time. Each committee shall keep written minutes of its proceedings and shall report such proceedings
to the board of directors as appropriate.

Section 3.13Compensation.
Unless otherwise restricted by the articles of incorporation or these bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the
compensation of directors. No such compensation shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor.

Section 3.14Presumption
of Assent. A director of the corporation who is present at a meeting of the board of directors at which action on any corporate matter
is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting, unless
he shall file his written dissent to such action with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof,
or shall forward such dissent by registered or certified mail to the secretary of the corporation immediately after the adjournment of
the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a director who voted in favor of such action.

Section 3.15Resignation
and Removal. A director may resign at any time by delivering a written resignation to the chief executive officer, the president,
a vice president, the secretary or assistant secretary, if any. The resignation shall become effective upon delivery unless otherwise
stated therein. Subject to any rights of the holders of preferred stock, if any, and except as otherwise provided in the NRS, any director,
or the entire board of directors, may be removed from office by a vote of stockholders representing not less than two-thirds of the voting
power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders duly noticed and called
in accordance with these bylaws.

ARTICLE IVOFFICERS

Section 4.1 Elected
Officers. The board of directors shall elect and appoint a president, a secretary and a treasurer. The board of directors may from
time to time, by resolution, elect or appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold office at the pleasure
of the board of directors, and shall have such powers and duties and be paid such compensation as may be directed by the board of directors.
Any individual may hold two or more offices.

Section 4.2 Removal;
Resignation. Any officer elected or appointed by the board of directors may be removed by the board of directors with or without cause.
Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the corporation. Any such removal or resignation shall be subject to the rights,
if any, of the respective parties under any contract between the corporation and such officer or agent.

Section 4.3 Vacancies.
A newly created officer position and a vacancy in any elected officer position because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled
by the board of directors.

Section 4.4 Chief Executive
Officer. The board of directors may appoint a chief executive officer who, subject to the supervision and control of the board of
directors, shall have the ultimate responsibility for the management and control of the business and affairs of the corporation, and shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers which are delegated to him or her by the board of directors, these bylaws or as may
be provided by law.

Section 4.5 President.
The president, subject to the supervision and control of the board of directors, shall supervise and control the business and affairs
of the corporation. The president shall keep the board of directors fully informed as the board of directors may request and shall consult
the board of directors concerning the business of the corporation. The president shall perform such other duties and have such other powers
which are delegated and assigned to him or her by the board of directors, the chief executive officer, if any, these bylaws or as may
be provided by law.

Section 4.6 Chief Financial
Officer. The board of directors may appoint a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall in general have overall supervision
of the financial operations of the corporation. The chief financial officer shall perform such other duties and have such other powers
which are delegated and assigned to him or her by the board of directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, these bylaws
or as may be provided by law.

Section 4.7 Vice Presidents.
The board of directors may appoint one or more vice presidents. In the absence or disability of the president, or at the presidents
request, the vice president or vice presidents, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors, and if not ranked, the vice
presidents in the order designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation, in the order designated by the president,
shall perform all of the duties of the president, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions
on the president. Each vice president shall perform such other duties and have such other powers which are delegated and assigned to him
or her by the board of directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, these bylaws or as may be provided by law.

Section 4.8 Secretary.
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, in one or more books provided for that purpose, the minutes of all meetings of the board
of directors, the committees of the board of directors and the stockholders. The secretary shall see that all notices are duly given in
accordance with the provisions of these bylaws and as required by applicable law. The secretary shall see that the books, reports, statements,
certificates and other documents and records required by applicable law to be kept and filed are properly kept and filed. The secretary
shall perform all other duties commonly incident to his or her office and shall perform such other duties which are assigned to him or
her by the board of directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, these bylaws or as may be provided by law.

Section 4.9 Assistant
Secretaries. An assistant secretary, if appointed by the board of directors, shall, at the request of the secretary, or in the absence
or disability of the secretary, perform all the duties of the secretary. He or she shall perform such other duties as are assigned to
him or her by the board of directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, the secretary, these bylaws or as may be provided
by law.

Section 4.10 Treasurer.
The treasurer shall exercise general supervision over the receipt, custody and disbursement of corporate funds. The treasurer shall perform
all other duties commonly incident to his or her office and such other duties as may, from time to time, be assigned to him or her by
the board of directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, these bylaws or as may be provided by law.

Section 4.11 Assistant
Treasurers. An assistant treasurer, if appointed by the board of directors, shall, at the request of the treasurer, or in the absence
or disability of the treasurer, perform all the duties of the treasurer. He or she shall perform such other duties which are assigned
to him or her by the board of directors, the chief executive officer (if any), the president, the treasurer, these bylaws or as may be
provided by law.

Section 4.12 Execution
of Negotiable Instruments, Deeds and Contracts. All checks, drafts, notes, bonds, bills of exchange, and orders for the payment of
money of the corporation; all deeds, mortgages, proxies, powers of attorney and other written contracts, documents, instruments and agreements
to which the corporation shall be a party; and all assignments or endorsements of stock certificates, registered bonds or other securities
owned by the corporation shall be signed in the name of the corporation by such officers or other persons as the board of directors may
from time to time designate. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as
the board of directors may determine. The board of directors may authorize the use of the facsimile or other electronic signatures
of any such persons.

Section 4.15Salaries.
The salaries or other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors, except
that the board of directors may delegate to any person or group of persons the power to fix the salaries or other compensation of any
subordinate officers or agents appointed in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. No officer shall be prevented from receiving
any such salary or compensation by reason of the fact that he is also a director of the corporation.

Section 4.16Surety
Bonds. In case the board of directors shall so require, any officer or agent of the corporation shall execute to the corporation a
bond in such sums and with such surety or sureties as the board of directors may direct, conditioned on the faithful performance of his
duties to the corporation, including responsibility for negligence and for the accounting of all property, monies, or securities of the
corporation which may come into his hands.

ARTICLE VCAPITAL STOCK

Section 5.01Stock
Certificates. The shares of the corporation shall be evidenced by certificates in such form as the board of directors of the corporation
may from time to time prescribe; provided that the board of directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any
or all classes or series of stock of the corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each holder of uncertificated
shares shall be entitled, upon request, to a certificate representing such shares. Shares represented by certificates shall be numbered
and registered in a share register as they are issued. Share certificates shall exhibit the name of the registered holder and the number
and class of shares and the series, if any, represented thereby and the par value of each share or a statement that such shares are without
par value, as the case may be. Except as otherwise provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares
and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificated shares of the same class and series shall be identical.

Each certificate shall be signed
by the chairman or president or vice-president and treasurer or assistant treasurer or the secretary or assistant secretary or such other
officers designated by the board of directors from time to time as permitted by law, and shall bear the seal of the corporation. The corporate
seal and any or all of the signatures or corporation officers may be in facsimile if the stock certificate is manually counter-signed
by an authorized person on behalf of a transfer agent or registrar other than the corporation or its employee. If an officer, transfer
agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed on, a certificate shall have ceased to be such before
the certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar
at the time of its issue.

Section 5.02Transfer
of Stock. Transfers of stock of the corporation shall be made on the books of the corporation by the holder of record thereof, or
by his attorney thereunto duly authorized by a power of attorney duly executed in writing and filed with the secretary of the corporation
or any of its transfer agents, and on surrender of the certificate or certificates, properly endorsed or accompanied by proper instruments
of transfer, representing such stock. Except as provided by law, the corporation and transfer agents and registrars, if any, shall be
entitled to treat the holder of record of any stock as the absolute owner thereof for all purposes, and accordingly shall not be bound
to recognize any legal, equitable, or other claim to or interest in such stock on the part of any other person whether or not it or they
shall have express or other notice thereof.

Section 5.03Regulations.
Subject to any provisions contained in the articles of incorporation, the board of directors may make such rules and regulations as they
may deem expedient concerning the issuance, transfer, redemption, and registration of certificates for stock of the corporation.

Section 5.04Maintenance
of Stock Ledger at Principal Place of Business. A stock ledger (or ledgers where more than one kind, class, or series of stock is
outstanding) shall be kept at the principal place of business of the corporation, or at such other place the board of directors shall
determine, containing the names alphabetically arranged of original holders of the corporation, their addresses, their interest, the amount
paid on their shares, and all transfers thereof and the number and class of stock held by each. Such stock ledgers shall at all reasonable
hours by subject to inspection by persons entitled by law to inspect the same.

Section 5.05Transfer
Agents and Registrars. The board of directors may appoint one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars with respect to the
certificates representing stock of the corporation, and may require all such certificates to bear the signature of either or both. The
board of directors may from time to time define the respective duties of such transfer agents and registrars. No certificate for stock
shall be valid until countersigned by a transfer agent, if at the date appearing thereon the corporation had a transfer agent for such
stock, and until registered by a registrar, if at such date the corporation had a registrar for such stock.

Section 5.06Closing
of Transfer Books and Fixing of Record Date.

(a) The board of directors shall have power to close the stock ledgers of the corporation for a period of not to exceed sixty (60) days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for payment of any dividend or other distribution, or the date for the allotment of rights or capital stock, or a date in connection with obtaining the approval of stockholders for any purpose.

(b) In lieu of closing the stock ledgers as aforesaid, the board of directors may fix in advance a date not exceeding sixty (60) days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend, or the date for the allotment of rights, or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect, or a date in connection with obtaining any such consent, as a date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to a notice of, and to vote at, any such meeting and any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any such dividend, or to any such allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of capital stock, or to give such consent.

(c) If the stock ledgers shall be closed or a record date set for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice or to vote at a meeting of stockholders, such books shall be closed for or such record date shaft be at least ten (10) days immediately preceding such meeting.

Section 5.07Lost
or Damaged Certificates. The corporation may issue a new certificate for stock of the corporation in place of any certificate theretofore
issued by it alleged to have been lost or destroyed, and the board of directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost
or destroyed certificate or his legal representatives, to give the corporation a bond in such form and amount as the board of directors
may direct, and with such surety or sureties as may be satisfactory to the board of directors, to indemnify the corporation and its transfer
agents and registrars, if any, against any claims that may be made against it or any such transfer agent or registrar on account of the
issuance of such new certificate. A new certificate may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the board of directors,
it is appropriate to do so.

ARTICLE VIINDEMNIFICATION

To the fullest extent permitted
by the NRS, the corporation shall indemnify and make advancement of expenses to the extent and as required (and in the discretion of the
board of directors, as allowed) in the articles of incorporation.

ARTICLE VIIFISCAL YEAR

The fiscal year of the corporation
shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors.

ARTICLE VIIIDISTRIBUTIONS

Distributions may be declared,
subject to the provisions of the laws of the State of Nevada and the Articles of Incorporation, by the Board and may be paid in cash,
property, shares of corporate stock, or any other medium. 

ARTICLE IXAMENDMENTS

Except as otherwise expressly provided
in these bylaws, these bylaws may be amended, revised, or repealed or new bylaws may be made adopted, only by a vote of (a) a majority
of the board of directors, or (b) stockholders representing not less than a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding
stock entitled to vote at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders duly noticed and called in accordance with the bylaws.

ARTICLE X

FORUM SELECTION

To the fullest extent permitted
by law, and unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of
Clark County, Nevada (or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Nevada or other state
courts of the State of Nevada) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forums for (a) any derivative action or
proceeding brought in the name or right of the Corporation or on the Corporations behalf, (b) any action asserting or based upon
a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the Corporations
stockholders, (c) any action or assertion of a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Chapter 78 or Chapter 92A of the NRS or the
Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time), (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine
the validity of the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws or (e) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by
the internal affairs doctrine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Article X will not apply to suits brought
to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any
interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of this Article
X.

ARTICLE XI

INAPPLICABILITY OF NRS 78.378 THROUGH 78.3793

Section 11.01. Acquisition
of Controlling Interest. The provisions of NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive, shall not apply to any acquisition
of a controlling interest (as each term is defined therein) in the corporation resulting from the Amended and Restated Agreement
and Plan of Merger Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, by and among the corporation, Amaze Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of the corporation, Amaze Software, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the other signatories thereto, or any amendments
thereto (the Merger Agreement), including without limitation the acquisition of shares of the corporations
capital stock issued in the Merger, or the acquisition of shares of the corporations capital stock pursuant to the
documents, instruments and arrangements contemplated by the Merger Agreement or upon the consummation of any transactions contemplated
thereby, including without limitation (i) any deemed acquisition of shares of the corporations capital stock by parties to the
Fresh Vine Support Agreements (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and related documents by reason of entering into such Fresh Vine Support
Agreements and related documents, and (ii) the acquisition of shares of the corporations common stock upon conversion of the corporations
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vine0313form8kexh99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. To Change Corporate Name To Amaze Holdings, Inc.
and Ticker Symbol to AMZE Following Strategic Acquisition

Newport Beach, CA March 13, 2025 Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.( NYSE
American: VINE)(Company) today announced it will change its official corporate name to Amaze Holdings, Inc. following the
successful acquisition of Amaze Software Inc. (Amaze Software). The Companys common stock will trade under the new
ticker symbol AMZE on the NYSE American exchange beginning on March 24, 2025, pursuant to NYSE American rules.

Amaze Software has always been driven by a singular focushelping creators
turn their passion into lasting, profitable businesses. As the creator economy has evolved, Amaze Software has grown alongside it, refining
its technology and expanding its platform to provide sustainable revenue opportunities that support creators in their pursuit
of becoming amazing. The change from VINE to AMZE is a reflection of this journey, signaling a continued investment in the success
of creators. This milestone marks a new chapter, reinforcing Amazes role in shaping the future of creator-driven commerce and equipping
creators with the tools they need to be amazing.

This name and ticker symbol change reflects the companys strategic
vision and growth as it unites Fresh Vines premium wine offerings with Amaze Softwares innovative, creator-powered
e-commerce technology. By combining expertise in digital commerce and consumer products, Amaze Holdings, Inc. is strengthening its
position as a platform built to help creators turn their influence into powerful brands. With tools designed to simplify product creation,
marketing, and sales, the company continues to expand revenue opportunities for creators at every stage of their evolution.

The transition to AMZE is more than a symbolits a statement
of our commitment to creators and the future of digital commerce, said Aaron Day, CEO of Amaze Software, Inc. With
a dynamic foundation and an expansive platform that supports over 14 million creators, Amaze is powering the next generation of digital
entrepreneurs. Creators arent just influencing culture; theyre building businesses, shaping industries, and redefining whats
possible. Our mission is to give them the technology, tools, and opportunities to scale their brands and turn creativity into lasting
success. AMZE represents that pursuithelping creators go from where they are today to something truly amazing.

The name change was approved by the Companys Board of Directors and
will be implemented through an amendment to the Companys Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Nevada. In accordance with NYSE American rules, the name and ticker symbol change will become effective on March
24, 2025.

Shareholder Impact & Regulatory Details

No action required from shareholders regarding the name or ticker symbol change.

The CUSIP number remains unchanged, and existing stock certificates remain valid.

A Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) detailing these changes.

For more information, visit https://ir.freshvinewine.com/info/
and www.amaze.co.

For press inquiries, please contact investorrelations@freshvinewine.com and
investor.relations@amaze.co

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This release
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Such statements relate to our future plans, developments,
performance or financial condition, as well as our expectations regarding the corporate name change and trading symbol change. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current plans, expectations, and estimates of management of Fresh Vine and
Amaze. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management teams expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future of the combined companies and the expected benefits of the acquisition.
In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following
words: anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate,
expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan,
potential, predict, project, should, or the negative
of these terms or other similar expressions, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The following factors, among
others, could cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed
in the forward-looking statements: (i) the potential effect of the announcement of the acquisition on Amazes or Fresh Vines
business relationships, performance and business generally, including potential difficulties in employee retention; (ii) the outcome of
any legal proceedings related to the merger agreement or the acquisition (iii) the risk that Fresh Vine will be unable to maintain the
listing of Fresh Vines securities on NYSE American; (iv) the risk that the price of Fresh Vines securities may be volatile
due to a variety of factors, including changes in the competitive industries in which Fresh Vine or Amaze operates, variations in performance
across competitors, changes in laws and regulations affecting Fresh Vines or Amazes business and changes in the capital
structure; (v) the risk that the anticipated benefits of the acquisition or other commercial opportunities may otherwise not be fully
realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (vi) the impact of changes in applicable law, rules, regulations, regulatory guidance,
or social conditions in the countries in which customers and suppliers operate; (vii) the risk that integration of Amaze and Vine post-closing
may not occur as anticipated or the combined company may not be able to achieve the growth prospects and synergies expected from the transaction,
as well as the risk of potential delays, challenges and expenses associated with integrating the combined companys existing businesses;
(viii) the risk that Fresh Vine and/or Amaze may not achieve or sustain profitability; (ix) the risk that Fresh Vine and/or Amaze will
need to raise additional capital to execute its business plan, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; and (x) the risk
that Fresh Vine and/or Amaze experiences difficulties in managing its growth and expanding operations. Additional factors that may affect
the future results of Fresh Vine are set forth in its filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC),
which are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. The risks and uncertainties described above and in the SEC filings noted
above are not exclusive and further information concerning Fresh Vine and its business, including factors that potentially could materially
affect its business, financial conditions or operating results, may emerge from time to time. Readers are urged to consider these factors
carefully in evaluating these forward-looking statements, and not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Readers should
also carefully review the risk factors described in other documents that Fresh Vine files from time to time with the SEC. The forward-looking
statements in this release speak only as of the date of this release. Except as required by law, Fresh Vine assumes no obligation to update
or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vine0313form8kexh99_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Video Transcript

(Referenced in Fresh Vines press release
dated March 13, 2025)

Publicly available on https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=P6kYUcVLixU

Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. changes corporate name to Amaze Holdings,
Inc. and ticker symbol to AMZE following strategic merger. 

Voiceover:

From a dedicated fan to a leader in the Star Wars community.

Nia:

I love you guys. Thanks so much for everything and may the force be
with you.

Voiceover:

Star Wars Theory used Amaze to turn his passion into a movement.

Nia:

I didn't have many friends growing up and I was always on different
Star Wars forums. I eventually created a channel in 2016.

Voicover:

With our tools, he connected with millions of fans, creating an unparalleled
community around his love for the galaxy far, far away.

Nia:

And with Amaze, they have been there since the very beginning, and
they've realized how important my community is, and that this is way beyond just another form of revenue.

Voicover:

Known as the obscure Lord of the Rings Facts Guy-

Don:

Why didn't Elrond just throw Isildur into the lava? Then none of this
would have happened.

Voicover:

- DonMarshall72, transformed his deep knowledge of Tolkien's universe
into a thriving fan community.

Don:

I woke up this morning with 10,000 followers and now I have 27,000.
I had 127, 24 hours ago.

Voicovoer

With Amaze, he bridged the gap between trivia and connection, turning
followers into engaged fans.

Don:

Not only did that initial merchandise video go viral and bring in thousands
of dollars of sales, it also completely changed my life. After selling more than 5000 calendars, we are now in our third year of sales
and it is still going strong.

Fan:

This is the guy you need to be following.You heard it here first

Don:

This is all very cool and amazing and thank you very much. Okay.

Nia:

Love you guys. Thanks.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vine-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>vine-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>vine-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exh31_1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>exh31_2.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41147

Entity Registrant Name FRESH
VINE WINE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001880343

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3905007

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One P.O.
Box 78984

Entity Address, City or Town Charlotte

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28271

City Area Code (855)

Local Phone Number 766-9463

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value
$0.001 per share

Trading Symbol VINE

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Not
Applicable

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://VINE/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

vine-20250313.xsd 
vine-20250313_lab.xml 
vine-20250313_pre.xml 
vine0313form8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001554795-25-000065-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>vine0313form8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001880343 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001880343 
false 
--12-31 
true 
true 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 
NV 
001-41147 
87-3905007 
P.O. Box 78984 
Charlotte 
NC 
28271 
(855) 
766-9463 
Not Applicable 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
VINE 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>