<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-036096.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-036096.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417171729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-036096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000102109
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				520898545
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31747
		FILM NUMBER:		25848384

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11407 CRONHILL DRIVE, SUITES A-D
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117-3586
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4103633000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11407 CRONHILL DRIVE, SUITES A-D
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117-3586
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512601d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--03-31000010210900001021092025-04-152025-04-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report
(Date of earliest event reported): April 15, 2025

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.

(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 001-31747 52-0898545

(State or Other Jurisdiction 

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

11407 Cronhill Drive, Suite A,Owings Mills, Maryland21117

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code:(410)
363-3000

Inapplicable

(Former Name or Former
Address if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock UUU NYSE MKT LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN THE REPORT

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

To the extent the terms of
the MOU referred to in Item 8.01 are definitive, the disclosure required by this item is included in Item 8.01 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

(a) 
On April 15, 2025, the Board of Directors of Universal Security Instruments, Inc. (the Company)
amended the Companys Bylaws as follows:

Article II, Section 1 of the Companys Bylaws was amended to provide that the number of
members of the Companys Board of Directors would be between three and six. Prior to this amendment, the Bylaws provided that the
number of members of the Companys Board of Directors would be between three and fifteen.

Article V of the Bylaws was amended to add Section 9.

Both amendments were made
in accordance with the Memorandum of Understanding discussed in Item 8.01 of this Report.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On April 15, 2025, the
Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Ault & Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(A&C). Harvey Grossblatt, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, joined in the MOU for the limited
purposes set forth therein. Pursuant to the MOU, A&C agreed to vote at the Meeting (defined below) all the shares of the Companys
Common Stock (the Common Stock) that it has the power to vote in favor of (i) the sale of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets to Feit Electric Company, Inc. (Feit), pursuant to the terms of the Asset
Purchase Agreement dated October 29, 2024, by and between the Company and Feit (the Asset Sale) at the special
meeting of shareholders of the Company scheduled to be held on April 15, 2025 or any adjourned special meeting to vote on such matter
(the Meeting) and (ii) the liquidation and dissolution of the Company (the Dissolution) pursuant
to the terms of the Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution attached as Annex B to the Proxy Statement filed by Company with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on December 23, 2024.

Pursuant to the MOU, the Company
agreed not to consummate the Dissolution for a period of at least 90 days following the approval of the Asset Sale by its shareholders
at the Meeting, notwithstanding any approval of the shareholders of the Dissolution at the Meeting (the period beginning on the date of
the MOU and ending at the end of such 90 day period, is referred to herein as the Negotiation Period). The Company
further agreed that, during the Negotiation Period, it would use its best efforts to maintain the listing of its Common Stock on the New
York Stock Exchange and would make all required SEC filings during such period.

- 2 -

The MOU further provided that,
following the approval of the Asset Sale, the Company and A&C would use commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate and close an
investment in the Company by A&C, one of its affiliates or a third party through a convertible note (the Convertible Note)
that will be convertible, subsequent to the record date for payment of the Distribution (as defined below), into Common Stock equal to
a value of up to 19.9% of the Companys market capitalization as of the date of such closing (the Investment), and
stated that the intention of the Company and A&C is that the proceeds of the Investment would be used by the Company (i) as operating
capital for a business to be mutually agreed upon by the Company and A&C and to be conducted through a subsidiary to be created by
the Company within five business days following the approval of the Asset Sale, (ii) for payment of a dividend to the Companys
shareholders in an amount that provides an after-tax value per share of Common Stock comparable to the value that would have been paid
to such shareholders in the Dissolution (the Distribution), which Distribution will be paid by the Company following
the closing of the Asset Sale and (iii) for payment of certain expenses of the Company. The Company agreed not to consummate the
Dissolution at all if the Investment is closed prior to the expiration of the Negotiation Period. Further, pursuant to the MOU, A&C
committed to an investment by it, one of its affiliates and/or a non-related third party solely to cover the Companys SEC reporting
costs and expenses associated with the Companys annual report to be filed on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2025
and its stock exchange listing fees, to be made within 30 days of the date of the MOU in the form of a convertible note on similar terms
to the Convertible Note and including an original issue discount feature, in a principal amount not to exceed $400,000. Repayment of amounts
for specified expenses advanced to the Company under either convertible note referred to above will be exclusively from the conversion
feature of such note, as the case may be.

The MOU further provides that
A&C has the right, within five business days after the approval of the Asset Sale, to appoint two directors to the board of directors
(the Board) of the Company. The Company agreed that, within five business days following the approval of the Asset
Sale, it would cause the Board to amend the Companys Bylaws to limit the size of the Board to a maximum of six directors and not
to further amend, modify or supplement such amended Bylaws until the earlier of the end of the Negotiation Period or the closing of the
Investment.

The Company also agreed to
take all actions to ensure that the transactions contemplated in connection with the MOU and any purchase by A&C or any of its affiliates
of shares of Common Stock would not subject A&C or any of its affiliates to the Maryland Business Combination Act or the Maryland
Control Share Acquisition Act.

The foregoing description
of the MOU does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the MOU, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

As previously reported, at
the Meeting, the Companys shareholders did not approve the Dissolution.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed herewith:

Exhibit No.

3.1 Bylaws, as amended April 15, 2025

10.1 Memorandum of Understanding dated as of
April 15, 2025, by and between Universal Security Instruments, Inc., Ault & Company, Inc., and solely for limited
purposes, Harvey Grossblatt

- 3 -

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.

UNIVERSAL
SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.

(Registrant)

Date: April 17, 2025 By: /s/ Harvey B. Grossblatt

Harvey B. Grossblatt

President

- 4 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512601d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

BY-LAWS

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.

(As amended on April 15, 2025)

ARTICLE I

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Annual Meeting.

The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation in Owings Mills, Maryland, on such date as may
be selected by the Board of Directors at 10:30 oclock a.m. (or such other time and place as may be fixed by the Board of Directors)
for the election of directors and for the transaction of general business. Such annual meetings shall be general meetings, that is to
say, open for the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation without special notice of such business, except in
any case in which special notice is required by statute.

Section 2. Special Meetings.

(a)General.
Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called at any time by either the Chairman of the Board or the President
and shall be called by the President or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request
in writing of the holders of a majority of all the shares outstanding and entitled to vote.

(b)Stockholder
Requested Special Meetings.

(1)Any
stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary of the
Corporation (the Record Date Request Notice) by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors
to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date). The
Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by
one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in writing), shall bear the date of signature
of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder that must be disclosed
in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise
required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The
Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution
fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which
a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date and make a public announcement
of such Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which the
Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary.

(2)In
order for any stockholder to request a special meeting, one or more written requests for a special meeting signed by stockholders of record
(or their agents duly authorized in writing) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority (the Special
Meeting Percentage) of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting (the Special Meeting Request) shall be
delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed
to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to the matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), shall
bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, shall set forth the name and
address, as they appear in the Corporations books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting
Request is signed), the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned by each such stockholder, and
the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned by such stockholder beneficially but not of record, shall be sent to the Secretary
by registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be received by the Secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any
requesting stockholder may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary.

(3)The
Secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including
the Corporations proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such
meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 2(b), the Secretary
receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the mailing of any notice of the meeting.

(4)Except
as provided in the next sentence, any special meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Chairman
of the Board, the President or a majority of the Board of Directors, whoever has called or requested the meeting. In the case of any special
meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder Requested Meeting), such meeting shall be
held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the date of any Stockholder
Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date); and provided
further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is
actually received by the Secretary (the Delivery Date), a date and time for a Stockholder Requested Meeting, then such meeting
shall be held at 2:00 p.m. local time on the 90th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90th day is
not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day; and provided further that in the event that the Board
of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting
shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the Chairman of the Board,
the President or the Board of Directors may consider such factors as he, she or it deems relevant within the good faith exercise of business
judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request
for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder
Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date,
then the close of business on the 30th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date.

(5)If
written revocations of requests for the special meeting have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that stockholders of record
(or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage
have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the Secretary, the Secretary shall: (i) if the notice of meeting
has not already been mailed, refrain from mailing the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked
such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been mailed
and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting written notice of
any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Secretarys intention to revoke the notice of the
meeting, revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting. Any request for a special
meeting received after a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting.

- 2 -

(6)The
Chairman of the Board, the President or the Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors
of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any
purported Special Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such
purported request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after receipt
by the Secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid
requests received by the Secretary represent at least a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of stock that would be entitled
to vote at such meeting. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation
or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period,
or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto,
and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation).

(7)For
purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions
in the State of Maryland are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

Section 3. Notice of Meetings.

Not less than ten (10) days
and not more than ninety (90) days written or printed notice of every annual meeting and of every special meeting of the stockholders
shall be given to each holder of stock having voting rights whose name appears as a holder of record upon the books of the Corporation
at the close of business on the date fixed by the Board of Directors for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of such
meeting, and, if no such date shall have been fixed by the Board for such purpose, then to the holders of record on the date when such
notice shall be given. Such notices of annual or special meetings shall state the place, day and hour of such meeting, and, in the case
of special meetings, shall also state the business proposed to be transacted thereat. Such notice shall be given to each stockholder either
by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholders residence or usual place of business
or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States
mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon
prepaid. No notice of the time, place or purpose of any meeting of stockholders, whether prescribed by law, by the Charter, or by these
By-Laws, need be given to any stockholder who attends in person, or by proxy, or who, in writing executed and filed with the records of
the meeting either before or after the holding thereof, waives such notice. No notice of any meeting, regular or special, be given to
any stockholder who is not entitled to vote thereat.

Section 4. Quorum.

At any meeting of stockholders,
the presence, in person or by proxy, of shareholders entitled to cast a majority of votes thereat shall constitute a quorum for the election
of directors or for the transaction of other business; but, in the absence of a quorum, the stockholders entitled to vote who shall be
present in person or by proxy at any meeting (or adjournment thereof), may, by vote of a majority of shares so present and entitled to
vote, adjourn the meeting from time to time, but not for a period of over thirty (30) days at any one time, by announcement at the meeting
until a quorum shall attend. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted at the meeting
as originally notified.

- 3 -

Section 5. Organization
and Conduct.

Every meeting of stockholders
shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chairman of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment,
by the Chairman of the Board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the Chairman of the Board, by one of the following
officers present at the meeting: the Vice Chairman of the Board, if there be one, the President, the Vice Presidents in their order of
rank and seniority, or, in the absence of such officers, a chairman chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes
cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The Secretary, or, in the Secretarys absence, an Assistant Secretary, or in
the absence of both the Secretary and Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of
such appointment, an individual appointed by the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the Secretary presides
at a meeting of the stockholders, an Assistant Secretary, or in the absence of Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the
Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters
of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting. The chairman of the meeting may prescribe
such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct
of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting; (b) limiting
attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the
chairman of the meeting may determine; (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders of record of the
Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chairman of the meeting
may determine; (d) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; (e) maintaining order and security
at the meeting; (f) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or
guidelines as set forth by the chairman of the meeting; and (g) recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and
place announced at the meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required
to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

Section 6. Proxies.

Stockholders may vote either
in person or by proxy, but no proxy which is dated more than eleven months before the meeting at which it is offered shall be accepted
unless such proxy shall on its face name a longer period for which it is to remain in force. Every proxy shall be executed by the stockholder
or by the stockholders duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by law. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy
shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation before or at the meeting.

Section 7. Voting.

At
every meeting of the stockholders, every stockholder of the Corporation shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of voting
stock registered in his name on the books of the Corporation on the date for the determination of voting rights thereat. Except
as otherwise required by the Maryland General Corporation Law or the Corporations Articles of Incorporation, the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the all of the votes cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient and necessary
to elect directors or for the taking or authorization of any action by the stockholders.

Section 8.
Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominees for Director and Other Stockholder Proposals.

(a)Annual
Meetings of Stockholders.

- 4 -

(1)Nominations
of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be
made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving
of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 8(a) and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to
vote at the meeting and who has complied with this Section 8(a).

(2)For
nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph
(1) of this Section 8(a), the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation
and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall
set forth all information required under this Section 8 and shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office
of the Corporation not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for
the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the mailing of the notice for the annual
meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding
years annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior
to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 120th
day prior to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement
of the date of mailing of the notice for such meeting is first made. In no event shall the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment
of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Such stockholders
notice shall set forth (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director,
(A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such individual, (B) the class, series and number of any shares
of stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned by such individual, (C) the date such shares were acquired and the investment
intent of such acquisition and (D) all other information relating to such individual that is required to be disclosed in solicitations
of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in
each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder (including such
individuals written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (ii) as
to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description of such business, the reasons for proposing
such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person (as
defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder and the Stockholder Associated
Person therefrom; (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and any Stockholder Associated Person, the class, series and number
of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned by such stockholder and by such Stockholder Associated Person, if any, and the
nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder and by any such Stockholder Associated
Person; (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice and any Stockholder Associated Person covered by clauses (ii) or (iii) of
this paragraph (2) of this Section 8(a), the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations
stock ledger and current name and address, if different, and of such Stockholder Associated Person; and (v) to the extent known by
the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the nominee for election or reelection as
a director or the proposal of other business on the date of such stockholders notice.

(3)Notwithstanding
anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 8 to the contrary, in the event the Board of Directors increases or decreases
the maximum or minimum number of directors in accordance with Article II, Section 1 of these Bylaws, and there is no public
announcement of such action at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice of the preceding years
annual meeting, a stockholders notice required by this Section 8(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect
to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office
of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first
made by the Corporation.

- 5 -

(4)For
purposes of this Section 8, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling,
directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation
owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with
such Stockholder Associated Person.

(b)Special
Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before
the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may
be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice
of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) provided that the Board of Directors has determined
that directors shall be elected at such special meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record both at
the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 8 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the
meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 8. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting
of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder may nominate an individual
or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if the stockholders
notice required by paragraph (a)(2) of this Section 8 shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office
of the Corporation not earlier than the 150th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on
the later of the 120th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is
first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In
no event shall the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting commence a new time period for the giving
of a stockholders notice as described above.

(c)General.

(1)Upon
written request by the Secretary or the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, any stockholder proposing a nominee for election
as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of
such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the
Board of Directors or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information
submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 8. If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification within such
period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this
Section 8.

(2)Only
such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 8 shall be eligible for election as directors, and only such business
shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 8.
The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before
the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 8.

(3)For
purposes of this Section 8, (a) the date of mailing of the notice shall mean the date of the proxy statement for
the solicitation of proxies for election of directors and (b) public announcement shall mean disclosure (i) in
a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable news service or (ii) in a document publicly
filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act.

- 6 -

(4)Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 8, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 8. Nothing in
this Section 8 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, nor the right of the Corporation
to omit a proposal from, the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange
Act.

ARTICLE II

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. Election and Powers.

The business and
property of the Corporation shall be conducted and managed by its Board of Directors which shall consist of not less than three
(3) members nor more than six (6) members. The Board of Directors may increase or decrease the number of directors (but
the number of Directors shall not be more than six or less than three) at any meeting called for that purpose. The members of the
Board of Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders by holders of stock represented in person or by proxy at
such meeting and entitled to vote thereat. Each director elected at any annual meeting shall hold office until his successor shall
have been elected and qualified or until he shall die or resign, or shall have been removed.

Section 2. First Regular Meeting.

After each meeting of stockholders
at which a Board of Directors shall have been elected, the Board of Directors so elected shall meet for the purpose or organization and
the transaction of other business, at such time and place as may be designated by the Chairman of the Board, or in the absence of a Chairman
of the Board, the President.

Section 3. Additional Regular Meetings.

Regular meetings of the Board
of Directors shall be held at such times as may be fixed by resolution of the Board.

Section 4. Special Meetings.

Special meetings of the Board
of Directors shall be held whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, or by a majority of the Directors either in writing
or by vote.

Section 5. Place of Meetings.

Subject to the provisions
of Section 2 of this Article II, the Board of Directors may hold its regular meetings at such place or places as it may from
time to time determine. Each special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place as shall be designated in the notice
of the meeting.

- 7 -

Section 6. Notice of Meeting.

Notice of any special meeting
of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, United States mail or
courier to each director at his or her business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail, facsimile
transmission or courier shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least two
days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such
notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon
transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall
be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt
of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States
mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered
to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting
of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws. No notice of any meeting
need be given to any director, who, in writing executed and filed with the records of the meeting either before or after the holding thereof,
waives such notice.

Section 7. Quorum.

A majority of the Board of
Directors shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at every meeting of the Board of Directors.

Section 8. Voting.

The affirmative vote of a
majority of the directors present at any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient and necessary
for the taking or authorization of any action by the Board of Directors.

Section 9. Organization.

At all meetings of the Board
of Directors the Chairman of the Board, or in his absence, the President shall preside. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as
Secretary at all meetings of the Board, and in his absence the Chairman of the meeting may designate any person to act as Secretary.

Section 10. Removal.

Any director, or the entire
Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two thirds
of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors.

Section 11. Vacancies.

If for any reason any or all
of the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining
directors hereunder (even if fewer than three directors remain). Any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority
of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve
for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies.

- 8 -

Section 12. Compensation.

Directors, as such, shall
not receive any stated compensation for their services, but by resolution of the Board of Directors and a fixed sum and expenses of attendance,
if any, may be allowed for attendance at any regular or special meeting thereof. Nothing in this Section shall be construed to preclude
a director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

Section 13. Executive Committee.

The Board of Directors may
designate by vote of a majority of the whole Board, three or more directors to constitute an executive committee, and may designate one
of such members to act as Chairman. Vacancies in the Executive Committee may be filled by the remaining members of the Executive Committee
at a meeting at which a quorum is present. The Executive Committee may exercise such powers of the Board of Directors in the management
of business and affairs of the Corporation as the Board may from time to time confer upon it, and shall have the power to authorize the
seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. A majority of the members of the Executive Committee may determine
its action and fix the time and place of its meetings unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors.

Section 14. Other Committees.

The Board of Directors may
designate, by resolution, one or more directors to constitute a committee, other than an executive committee, such other committee to
serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.

Section 15. Nomination
of Directors.

Nominations for directors
to be elected at the Corporations annual meeting of stockholders shall be made by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Nominations
for directors to be elected at the Corporations annual meeting of stockholders may be made by stockholders in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Article I Section 9 of these By-Laws. Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures
set forth in these By-Laws shall be eligible to serve as directors.

Section 16. Qualification of Directors.

Unless waived by the affirmative
vote a majority of directors then in office, no individual may be nominated or serve as a director unless: (i) such individual has
continuously been the record and beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of at least one percent
of the issued and outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation for a period of at least one year immediately preceding the nomination
of such individual as a director; and (ii) such individuals principal residence was in the State of Maryland during the entire
year immediately preceding the nomination of such individual as a director. The Board of Directors may require such evidence of any proposed
nominees satisfaction of each of the foregoing qualifications as it deems necessary.

- 9 -

ARTICLE III

OFFICERS

Section 1. Officers.

The officers of the Corporation
shall be a Chairman of the Board (if elected by the Board of Directors), a Vice Chairman of the Board (if elected by the Board of Directors),
a President, one or more Vice Presidents (if elected by the Board of Directors), a Secretary and a Treasurer, all of whom shall be elected
by, and be subject to the control of, the Board of Directors. The officers shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at its
first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders, subject to changes or additions at other regular or special meetings of the
Board of Directors. Each of such officers shall hold office for a term of one year, and thereafter until his successor is elected and
qualified or until his death, resignation or removal. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and assistant officers as
it deems necessary, who shall have such authority and perform such duties as the Board may from time to time prescribe.

Section 2. Chairman of the Board.

The Chairman of the Board
(if elected by the Board of Directors) shall be a director of the Corporation and the chief executive officer of the Corporation. He shall
preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. He shall supervise, control and direct all of the business
and affairs of the Corporation. He shall have authority to sign and execute in the name of the Corporation all authorized deeds, contracts
and other instruments.

Section 3. Vice Chairman
of the Board.

The Vice Chairman of the Board
(if elected by the Board of Directors) shall be a director of the Corporation. In the event of the absence of the Chairman of the Board,
the Vice Chairman shall perform all of the duties of the Chairman and when so acting have all of the powers of the Chairman. He shall
have authority to sign and execute in the name of the Corporation all authorized deeds, contracts and other instruments.

Section 4. President.

If the Board of Directors
does not elect a Chairman of the Board, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. In the absence of the Chairman
and Vice Chairman of the Board, the President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. He shall
be responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Corporation subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors and the
Chairman of the Board. He shall have authority to sign and execute in the name of the Corporation all authorized deeds, contracts and
other instruments.

Section 5. Vice President.

In the absence of the President,
the Vice Presidents (in the order designated at the time of their election, or in the absence of any designation, in the order of their
election) shall perform all the duties of the President and when so acting, shall have the powers of the President. The Vice Presidents
shall also have such additional powers and duties as may be assigned to each of them by the Board of Directors.

- 10 -

Section 6. Secretary.

The Secretary shall keep the
minutes of the meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors in books provided for the purpose; he shall see that all notices
are duly given in accordance with the provisions of the By-Laws or as required by law; he shall be the custodian of the records and of
the corporate seal or seals of the Corporation; he shall see that the corporate seal is affixed to all documents, the execution of which
on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized, and when so affixed may attest the same; he may sign, with the President
or Chairman of the Board, certificates of stock of the Corporation; and, in general, he shall perform all duties ordinarily incident to
the office of a Secretary of a corporation, and such other duties as, from time to time, may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors,
or by the President.

Section 7. Treasurer.

The Treasurer shall have charge
of and be responsible for all funds, securities, receipts and disbursements of the Corporation, and shall deposit, or cause to be deposited,
in the name of the Corporation all moneys or other valuable effects in such banks, trust companies, or other depositories as shall, from
time to time, be selected by the Board of Directors; he shall render to the President and to the Board of Directors, whenever requested,
an account of the financial condition of the Corporation; he may sign, with the President, or Chairman of the Board, certificates of stock
of the Corporation; and, in general, shall perform all duties ordinarily incident to the office of a treasurer of a corporation, and such
other duties as may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors or by the President.

Section 8. Assistant Officers.

The Board of Directors may
elect one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers. Each such Assistant Secretary and Assistant Treasurer shall
hold office for such period and shall have such authority and perform such duties as the Board of Directors may prescribe.

Section 9. Compensation.

The Board of Directors shall
have power to fix the compensation of all officers of the Corporation. It may authorize any officer upon whom the power of appointing
subordinate officers may have been conferred to fix the compensation of such subordinate officers.

Section 10. Reimbursement.

Any payments made to an officer
of the Corporation such as a salary, commission, bonus, interest or rent, or entertainment expense incurred by him, which shall be disallowed
in whole or in part as a deductible expense by the Internal Revenue Service, shall be reimbursed by such officer to the Corporation to
the full extent of such disallowance. It shall be the duty of the directors, as a Board, to enforce payment of each amount disallowed.
In lieu of payment by the officer, subject to the determination of the directors, proportionate amounts may be withheld from his future
compensation payments until the amount owed to the Corporation has been recovered.

Section 11. Officers Holding More Than One Office.

Two or more officers (except
that of President and Vice President, Secretary and Assistant Secretary, and Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer) may be held by the same
person, but no officer shall execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than one capacity.

- 11 -

Section 12. Removal.

The Board of Directors shall
have power at any regular or special meeting to remove any officer with or without cause, and such action shall be conclusive on the officer
so removed. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer to remove subordinate officers.

Section 13. Vacancies.

The Board of Directors at
any regular or special meeting shall have power to fill a vacancy occurring in any office for the unexpired portion of the term.

ARTICLE IV

STOCK

Section 1. Certificates.

The shares of the Corporation
shall be represented by certificates or shall be uncertificated. Each registered holder of shares, upon request to the Corporation, shall
be provided with a certificate of stock representing the number of shares owned by such holder. In the event that the Corporation issues
shares of stock represented by certificates, each stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate or certificates which shall represent
and certify the number of shares of each class of stock held by him, her or it in the Corporation. Each certificate shall be signed by
the Chairman of the Board, the President or a Vice President and countersigned by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or the Treasurer
or an Assistant Treasurer and may be sealed with the seal, if any, of the Corporation. The signatures may be either manual or facsimile.
Certificates shall be consecutively numbered; and if the Corporation shall, from time to time, issue several classes of shares, each class
may have its own number series. A certificate is valid and may be issued whether or not an officer who signed it is still an officer when
it is issued. Each certificate representing shares which are restricted as to their transferability or voting powers, which are preferred
or limited as to their dividends or as to their allocable portion of the assets upon liquidation or which are redeemable at the option
of the Corporation, shall have a statement of such restriction, limitation, preference or redemption provision, or a summary thereof,
plainly stated on the certificate. In lieu of such statement or summary, the Corporation may set forth upon the face or back of the certificate
a statement that the Corporation will furnish to any stockholder, upon request and without charge, a full statement of such information.

Section 2. Lost Certificates.

The Board of Directors or
any officer of the Corporation to whom the Board of Directors has delegated authority may authorize any transfer agent of the Corporation
to issue, and any registrar of the Corporation to register, at any time and from time to time unless otherwise directed, a new certificate
or certificates of stock in the place of a certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation, alleged to have been lost
or destroyed, upon receipt by the transfer agent of evidence of such loss or destruction, which may be the affidavit of the applicant;
a bond indemnifying the Corporation and any transfer agent and registrar of the class of stock involved against claims that may be made
against it or them on account of the lost or destroyed certificate or the issuance of a new certificate, of such kind and in such amount
as the Board of Directors shall have authorized the transfer agent to accept generally or as the Board of Directors or an authorized officer
shall approve in particular cases; and any other documents or instruments that the Board of Directors or an authorized officer may require
from time to time to protect adequately the interest of the Corporation. A new certificate may be issued without requiring any bond when,
in the judgment of the directors, it is proper to do so.

- 12 -

Section 3. Transfer.

Transfers of shares shall
be made upon the books of the Corporation: (1) upon presentation of the certificates by the registered holder in person or by duly
authorized attorney, or upon presentation of proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer the shares, and upon surrender
of the appropriate certificate(s), or (2) in the case of uncertificated shares, upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from
the registered owner of such uncertificated shares, or from a duly authorized attorney or from an individual presenting proper evidence
of succession, assignment or authority to transfer the shares.

Section 4. Rules and Regulations.

The Board of Directors shall
have authority to make all such rules and regulations as they may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration
of stock certificates and may appoint a transfer agent and a registrar of transfers.

Section 5. Closing of Transfer Books or Fixing
of Record Date.

The Board of Directors may
fix, in advance, a date as the record date for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting
of shareholders, or shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any rights, or in order to make a determination
of shareholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall not be more than sixty (60) days, and in case of a meeting
of shareholders not less than ten (10) days, prior to the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination
of shareholders is to be held or taken.

ARTICLE V

SUNDRY PROVISIONS

Section 1. Dividends.

Subject to the applicable
provisions of law and of the Charter, the Board of Directors may in its discretion declare what, if any, dividends shall be paid or upon
any class of such stock, the date when such dividends shall be payable, and the date for the determination of holders of record to whom
such dividends shall be payable.

Section 2. Working Capital.

The Board of Directors shall,
from time to time, and in its discretion, fix and vary the amount of working capital of the Corporation and determine what portion of
the surplus shall be reserved as working capital or declared as dividends and distributed to the stockholders.

Section 3. Negotiable Instruments and Other
Evidences of Indebtedness.

All checks, drafts or orders
for the payment of money, notes and other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of the Corporation, shall be signed by such officer
or officers as may be designated from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. No checks shall be signed in blank.

- 13 -

Section 4. Fiscal Year.

The fiscal year of the Corporation
shall be as provided by the Board of Directors.

Section 5. Seal.

The seal of the Corporation
shall be circular in form, with the name of the Corporation inscribed around the outer edge, and in the center shall inscribed the words
MARYLAND and the year of incorporation.

Section 6. Amendments.

The Board of Directors shall
have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these By-Laws and to make new By-Laws, by vote of a majority of all
the directors then in office.

Section 7. Contracts.

No contract or other transaction
between this Corporation and any other corporation and no act of this Corporation shall in any way be affected or invalidated by the fact
that any of the directors of this Corporation are pecuniarily or otherwise interested in or are directors or officers of such other corporation;
any director, individually or any firm of which any director may be a member, may be a party to, or may be pecuniarily or otherwise interested
in, any contract or transaction of this Corporation, provided that the fact that he or such firm is so interested shall be disclosed or
shall have been known to the Board of Directors or a majority thereof; and any director of this Corporation who is also a director or
officer of such other corporation or who is so interested may be counted in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the
Board of Directors of this Corporation, which shall authorize any such contract or transaction, and may vote thereat to authorize any
such contract or transaction, with the like force and effect as if he were not such director or officer of such other corporation or not
so interested.

Section 8. Voting Upon Stocks
or Other Ownership Interests.

Unless otherwise ordered by
the Board of Directors, the President and the Chairman of the Board, or either of them, shall have full power and authority on behalf
of the Corporation to attend and to vote and to grant proxies to be used at any meetings, or for written consents, of stockholders or
other equity owners of any corporation or other entity in which the corporation may own an interest.

Section 9. Exemption
from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act.

Pursuant to Section 3-702(b) of
the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, the acquisition of shares of the Corporations capital stock by Ault & Co., Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, or any affiliate thereof is exempt from the provisions of Section 3-702 of the Maryland Control Share Acquisition
Act; provided, however, that this provision may be altered or repealed, in whole or in part, at any time by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation.

- 14 -

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

Section l. Definitions.

As used in this Article VI,
any word or words that are defined in Section 2-418 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland
(the Indemnification Section), as amended from time to time, shall have the same meaning as provided in the Indemnification
Section.

Section 2. Indemnification
of Directors and Officers.

The Corporation shall indemnify
and advance expenses to a director or officer of the Corporation in connection with a proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by and
in accordance with the Indemnification Section.

Section 3. Indemnification
of Other Agents and Employees.

With respect to an employee
or agent, other than a director or officer of the Corporation, the Corporation may, as determined by and in the discretion of the Board
of Directors of the Corporation, indemnify and advance expenses to such employees or agents in connection with a proceeding to the extent
permitted by and in accordance with the Indemnification Section.

END OF BY-LAWS

- 15 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512601d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING

This Memorandum of Understanding
(MOU), dated as of April 15, 2025, sets forth the basic understandings, concepts and terms of a proposed agreement
between Universal Security Instruments, Inc., a Maryland corporation (USI), Ault & Company, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (A&C), and solely for purposes of Section 6(e) herein, Harvey Grossblatt. USI, A&C
and Mr. Grossblatt are sometimes referred to individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

AGREEMENT

In consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements herein set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Vote
to Approve Proposals at USIs Special Meeting of Stockholders.

(a) A&C
hereby agrees to vote the shares of USIs common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock), it owns and
such shares of Common Stock that A&C has the power to vote as proxy pursuant to the Coordination Agreement, dated as of December 18,
2024, by and among A&C and the stockholders listed therein (the Coordination Agreement), in favor of the sale of all
or substantially all of USIs assets to Feit Electric Company, Inc. (Feit) pursuant to the terms of the Asset
Purchase Agreement, dated October 29, 2024 (the APA), by and between USI and Feit (the Asset Sale), at
USIs special meeting of shareholders scheduled to be held on April 15, 2025, or at any such adjourned special meeting to vote
on such matter (the Meeting).

(b) A&C
hereby agrees to vote the shares of Common Stock it owns and such shares of Common Stock that A&C has the power to vote as proxy pursuant
to the Coordination Agreement in favor of the proposal to approve the liquidation and dissolution of USI pursuant to the terms of the
Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution attached as Annex B to the Proxy Statement on Form DEFM14A filed by USI with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on December 23, 2024, as amended, supplemented and modified as of the date
hereof (the Proxy Statement) at the Meeting.

Section 2. Liquidation
and Dissolution of USI. For a period of at least ninety (90) days following the approval of the Asset Sale by USIs stockholders
at the Meeting (the period between the date hereof and the end of such 90-day period, the Negotiation Period), notwithstanding
USIs stockholders vote to approve such proposal to liquidate and dissolve USI at the Meeting, USI hereby agrees not to consummate
any liquidation or dissolution of USI. For the avoidance of doubt, USI and its directors and officers shall not pursue, carry out or consummate
such liquidation and dissolution of USI, including the liquidating distribution to USIs stockholders, as described in the Proxy
Statement during the Negotiation Period. Additionally, if the Investment (as defined below) closes prior to the expiration of the Negotiation
Period, or unless otherwise agreed to between USI and A&C in writing, USI hereby agrees that it shall not pursue, carry out or consummate
any liquidation or dissolution of USI, including the liquidating distribution to USIs stockholders, and shall instead pursue the
Distribution (as defined below).

Section 3. New
York Stock Exchange Listing Preservation. During the Negotiation Period, USI shall use its best efforts to preserve and maintain the
listing of its Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). For the avoidance of doubt, USI and its directors and
officers shall not take any actions or omit to take any actions that directly or indirectly cause (a) the Common Stock of USI to
be delisted from NYSE or (b) trading of the Common Stock to be suspended from trading on NYSE. During the Negotiation Period, USI
will file its Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2025 and all other filings required by the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. Notwithstanding the foregoing, USI shall be permitted to take such actions required under the terms of the APA.

Section 4. Subsidiary.
Within five business days following the approval of the Asset Sale at the Meeting, USI shall create a wholly owned subsidiary that will
be engaged in a business to be mutually agreed to by USI and A&C. USI and A&C shall determine the name of such subsidiary at the
time such subsidiary is formed.

Section 5. A&C
Investment. Following the approval of the Asset Sale by USIs stockholders at the Meeting, USI and A&C agree to use their
commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate, facilitate and close an investment in USI by A&C, or one of its affiliates, and/or a
non-related third party through a convertible note (the Convertible Note) that will be convertible into Common Stock equal
to a value of up to 19.9% of USIs market capitalization as of the date of the closing of such investment at a conversion price
of 80% of the average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock for the five trading day period immediately preceding
the execution of such convertible note (the Investment). The terms of each of the Convertible Note and the Operating Costs
Convertible Note referred to below will include, among other terms, that (i) such Note may only be converted subsequent to the record
date for the payment by USI of the dividend herein referenced, and (ii) repayment of any portion of the Investment used for the specified
expenses referred to herein below in clause (c) shall be exclusively from the conversion feature of the Convertible Note. The intention
of the Parties is that the net proceeds of the Investment would be used exclusively (a) to provide USI with operating capital for
such business referred to in Section 4 above, (b) for payment of a dividend to the USI stockholders in an amount that
provides value per share of Common Stock (accounting for applicable taxes) comparable to the liquidating distribution that would have
been paid to USI stockholders as described in the Proxy Statement (the Distribution), (c) for specified expenses of
USI such as SEC reporting costs, NYSE listing costs, and for the cost of directors and officers liability insurance. In addition, the
intention of the Parties is that the net proceeds from the Asset Sale would also be used to fund the Distribution. Prior to consummating
the Investment, USI and A&C will use their commercially reasonable efforts to work together to determine the appropriate amount of
the Distribution to be paid in order to reflect the difference in the tax treatment to USIs stockholders as a result of receiving
the Distribution described in this Section 5 as opposed to the liquidating distribution described in the Proxy Statement.
The Distribution will be paid to USIs stockholders following the closing of the Asset Sale. However, nothing herein obligates A&C,
or one of its affiliates, and/or a non-related third party to make the Investment other than an investment solely to cover USIs
SEC reporting costs and expenses associated with USIs Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2025 and USIs NYSE
listing fees. Such investment will be made within 30 days of the date hereof in the form of a convertible note with similar terms to the
terms of the Convertible Note described above, which will include an original issue discount feature (the Operating Costs Convertible
Note). The Parties agree that the principal amount of the Operating Costs Convertible Note shall not exceed $400,000.

Section 6. USIs
Board of Directors.

(a) Within
five business days after the approval of the Asset Sale by USIs stockholders at the Meeting, A&C shall have the right to appoint
two directors to the USI Board of Directors (the Board). In connection with the Investment, A&C and USI will negotiate
the composition of the Board for the period subsequent to the Investment.

(b) Within
five business days following the approval of the Asset Sale by USIs stockholders at the Meeting, USI shall cause the Board to amend
USIs By-laws to limit the total number of directors on the Board to a maximum of six directors and USI hereby agrees not to amend,
modify or supplement such amended By-laws as it relates to this maximum of six directors on the Board until the earlier of (a) the
end of the Negotiation Period or (b) the date of the closing of the Investment. Such amended By-laws shall be delivered to A&C
immediately following the adoption of such amendment.

(c) USI
hereby agrees not to, and shall cause its directors and officers not to, take any action that will restrict or prohibit A&C and its
affiliates from engaging in or consummating open market purchases of Common Stock or any additional investment in USI. For the avoidance
of doubt, USI and its respective directors and officers shall not implement a poison pill, shareholder rights plan or any other contract
or agreement that will restrict or prohibit A&C and its affiliates from engaging in or consummating open market purchases of Common
Stock or any additional investment in USI.

(d) USI
hereby agrees to, and shall cause its directors and officers to, take all actions to ensure that the transactions contemplated in connection
with this MOU and any purchases by A&C, of any of its affiliates, of Common Stock would not subject A&C, or any of its affiliates,
to the Maryland Business Combination Act (Title 3, Subtitle 6 of the Maryland General Corporation Law).

(e) Harvey
Grossblatt, USIs current President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, hereby agrees to remain as a director on the Board for
a period of at least 24 months following the closing of the Asset Sale on such terms as shall be agreed upon by A&C and Harvey Grossblatt.

Section 7. Failure
to Close Asset Sale. In the event the Asset Sale does not close, the Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to collaborate
with each other to determine the best course of action for USIs business following the failure to close the Asset Sale.

Section 8. Specific
Performance. The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this MOU are of a special and unique nature, the loss
of which may not be adequately compensated for in damages by an action at law, and that the breach or threatened breach of the provisions
of this MOU by a Party or any of its representatives would cause the other Party irreparable harm and that money damages would not be
an adequate remedy for any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this MOU. Therefore, the Parties hereby agree on behalf of
itself and its representatives that the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including, without limitation,
an injunction or injunctions (without the requirement of posting a bond, other security or any similar requirement or proving any actual
damages), to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this MOU by the other party or any of its representatives and to specifically
enforce the terms and provisions of this MOU, this being in addition to any other remedy to which the non-breaching Party is entitled
at law or in equity.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications to any party or given under this MOU will be in writing and delivered personally,
by overnight delivery or courier, by registered mail or by email (with confirmation received) to the parties at the address specified
for such parties on the signature pages hereto (or at such other address as may be specified by a party in writing given at least
five business days prior thereto). All notices, requests, demands and other communications will be deemed delivered when actually received.

(b) Counterparts.
This MOU may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts, and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of
which when executed will be deemed an original, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same instrument.

(c) Amendment
of MOU. This MOU may not be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the Parties.

(d) Successors
and Assigns; Assignability. This MOU will be binding upon and inures to the benefit of and is enforceable by the respective successors
and permitted assigns of the Parties. This MOU may not be assigned by any Party without the prior written consent of all other Parties.
Any assignment or attempted assignment in contravention of this Section 9(d) will be void ab initio and will not
relieve the assigning party of any obligation under this MOU. This MOU is not intended, and will not be construed, to create any rights
in any parties other than the Parties and no person may assert any rights as third-party beneficiary hereunder.

(e) Integration
Severability; Ambiguity. This MOU contains and constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, of the Parties. If any term or other
provision of this MOU is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions
and provisions of this MOU will nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties will negotiate in good faith to modify this MOU so as to effect the original
intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the original intent is fulfilled to the extent possible.

(f) No
Waiver; Remedies. No failure or delay by any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this MOU will operate as a waiver
of the right, power or privilege. A single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege will not preclude any other or further
exercise of the right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies provided in
this MOU will be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

(g) Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING OR ACTION TO ENFORCE
OR DEFEND ANY RIGHT UNDER THIS MOU OR ANY AMENDMENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR TO BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS MOU AND AGREES THAT ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING OR ACTION WILL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.

(h) Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This MOU will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York
applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that State, without reference to conflicts of law provisions.
Each of the Parties hereby (i) agrees that any lawsuit, proceeding or action with respect to this MOU may be brought only in the
courts of the State of New York or of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, (ii) accepts for itself
and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, (iii) irrevocably waives
any objection, including, without limitation, any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens, which
it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any lawsuit, proceeding or action in those jurisdictions, and (iv) irrevocably consents
to the service of process of any of the courts referred to above in any lawsuit, proceeding or action by the mailing of copies of the
process to the Parties as provided in Section 9(a) above. Service effected as provided in this manner will become effective
ten calendar days after the mailing of the process.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this MOU to be executed as of the date and year first written above.

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.

Address: By: 

/s/ Harvey Grossblatt

11407A Cronhill Drive Name: Harvey Grossblatt

Owings Mills, MD 21117___ Title: President

AULT & COMPANY, INC.

Address: 

11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, By: 

/s/ Milton C. Ault, III

Suite 190 Name: Milton C. Ault, III

Las Vegas, Nevada 89141 Title: Chairman & CEO

Solely with respect to Section 6(e): 

Address: 

11407A Cronhill Drive 

/s/ Harvey Grossblatt

Owings Mills, MD 21117___ HARVEY GROSSBLATT

[Signature Page to Memorandum of Understanding]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>uuu-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>uuu-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>uuu-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --03-31

Entity File Number 001-31747

Entity Registrant Name UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000102109

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-0898545

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 11407 Cronhill Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite A

Entity Address, City or Town Owings Mills

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 21117

City Area Code 410

Local Phone Number 363-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol UUU

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://universalsecurity.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2512601d1_8k.htm 
uuu-20250415.xsd 
uuu-20250415_lab.xml 
uuu-20250415_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-036096-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2512601d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000102109 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--03-31 
0000102109 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
MD 
001-31747 
52-0898545 
11407 Cronhill Drive 
Suite A 
Owings Mills 
MD 
21117 
410 
363-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
UUU 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>