<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-008461.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-008461.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117164126
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-008461
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001810182
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				850642577
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39386
		FILM NUMBER:		25539216

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		323 ALLERTON AVENUE
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-466-7125

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		323 ALLERTON AVENUE
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d909443d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INCfalse000181018200018101822025-01-162025-01-16

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 16, 2025

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-39386 85-0642577

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

323 Allerton Avenue,

South San Francisco, California 94080

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (650)466-7125

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share ALXO The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Effective January 16, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of ALX Oncology Holdings Inc. (the Company) adopted the ALX Oncology Holdings Inc. 2025 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the Inducement Plan) and, subject to the adjustment provisions of the Inducement Plan, reserved 1,500,000 shares of the Companys common stock for issuance pursuant to equity awards granted under the Inducement Plan. 

The Inducement Plan was adopted without stockholder approval pursuant to the applicable The Nasdaq Stock Market LLCs (Nasdaq) Listing Rules. The Inducement Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units and performance shares, and its terms are substantially similar to the Companys Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, including with respect to treatment of equity awards in the event of a merger or change in control as defined under the Inducement Plan, but with such other terms and conditions intended to comply with the Nasdaq inducement award exception. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, awards under the Inducement Plan may only be made to individuals not previously employees or non-employee directors of the Company (or following such individuals bona fide period of non-employment with the Company), as an inducement material to the individuals entry into employment with the Company. 

A copy of the Inducement Plan and related form agreements under the Inducement Plan are attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. The above description of the Inducement Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 2025 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan and related forms of stock option and restricted stock unit agreements. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

-1- 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC

Date: January 17, 2025 By: 

/s/ Jason Lettmann

Jason Lettmann

Chief Executive Officer

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d909443dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 

2025 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

1. Purpose of the Plan. The purpose of this Plan is to attract and retain the best available personnel by providing an inducement
material to individuals entering into employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. 

The Plan permits the
grant of Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units and Performance Shares. Each Award under the Plan is intended to qualify as an employment inducement award under Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635(c)(4), the official regulations and other official interpretive material and guidance issued under such rule (together, the Inducement Listing Rules). 

2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions will apply: 

(a) Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with
Section 4 of the Plan. 

(b) Applicable Laws means the legal and regulatory requirements relating to the
administration of equity-based awards, including but not limited to the related issuance of shares of Common Stock, including but not limited to, under U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any
stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan. 

(c) Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted
Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares. 

(d) Award Agreement means the written or
electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(e) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(f) Cause means the definition of such term contained in Participants employment agreement with the Company (and any
of its Parent or Subsidiaries) or, if none, a termination of Participants employment with the Company (and any of its Parent or Subsidiaries) because of (a) Participants unauthorized misuse of any the trade secrets or proprietary
information of the Company (or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries), (b) Participants conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude (or equivalent under Applicable Laws), (c) Participants
committing an act of fraud against the Company (or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries) or (d) Participants gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of his or her duties that has had or will have a material adverse effect
on the reputation or business of the Company (or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries). 

(g) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following
events: 

(i) Change in Ownership of the Company. A change in the ownership of the Companywhich occurs on the date that any
one person, or more than one person acting as a group (Person), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting
power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of
the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; provided, further, that any change in the ownership of the stock of the Company as a result of a private financing of the Company that is approved by the Board also will not be considered a
Change in Control. Further, if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the
Companys voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent entity of the Company,
such event shall not be considered a Change in Control under this subsection (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership shall include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more
corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities; or 

(ii) Change in Effective Control of the Company. If the Company has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the
Exchange Act, a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a
majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company
by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or 

(iii) Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the
Companys Assets. A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date
of the most recent acquisition by such Person or Persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company
immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets: (A) a
transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Companys stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in
exchange for or with respect to the Companys stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or
indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or
indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to
any liabilities associated with such assets. 

-2- 

For purposes of this Section 2(g), persons will be considered to be acting as a group
if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control
event within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder
from time to time. 

Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (i) its sole
purpose is to change the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities
immediately before such transaction. 

(h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a
specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or
superseding such section or regulation. 

(i) Committee means a committee of Directors or of other individuals
satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board, or by a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof. 

(j) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 

(k) Company means ALX Oncology Holdings Inc., aDelaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 

(l) Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries
to render bona fide services to such entity, provided the services (i) are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (ii) do not directly promote or maintain a market for the
Companys securities, in each case, within the meaning of Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act, and provided further, that a Consultant will include only those persons to whom the issuance of
Shares may be registered under Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

(m)
Director means a member of the Board. 

(n) Disability means total and permanent disability as
defined in Code Section 22(e)(3), provided that the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with uniform and non-discriminatory
standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time. 

-3- 

(o) Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed
by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a directors fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. However, for purposes of clarity, a
person who already is serving as a Director prior to becoming an Employee will not be eligible to be granted an Award under the Plan unless permitted under the Inducement Listing Rules. The Company will determine in good faith and in the exercise of
its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be an Employee and the effective date of such individuals employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. 

(p) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(q) Exchange Program means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for
awards of the same type, awards of a different type, and/or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or
(iii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is reduced. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4(c) of the Plan, the Company may not institute an Exchange Program. 

(r) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: 

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the New York
Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or, if no closing sales price was reported on
that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such closing sales price was reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems
reliable; 

(ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair
Market Value of a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such bids and asks were
reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 

(iii) In the
absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator. 

(s)
Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 

(t) Incentive Stock Option means an Option that
is an incentive stock option within the meaning of Code Section 422 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(u)
Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

-4- 

(v) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the
meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(w) Option means
a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan. All Options granted under the Plan will constitute Nonstatutory Stock Options. 

(x)
Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(e). 

(y) Participant means the holder of an outstanding Award. 

(z) Performance Share means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of
performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 10. 

(aa) Performance
Unit means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of
the foregoing pursuant to Section 10. 

(bb) Period of Restriction means the period (if any) during which the
transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or
the occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator. 

(cc) Plan means this 2025 Inducement Equity
Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 

(dd) Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to an Award of
Restricted Stock under Section 8 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 

(ee) Restricted Stock
Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 9. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 

(ff) Rule 16b-3 means
Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan. 

(gg) Section 16b means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 

(hh) Section 409A means Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and guidance thereunder, and
any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be promulgated, amended or modified from time to time. 

(ii) Securities
Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(jj) Service Provider means an Employee, Director or
Consultant. 

-5- 

(kk) Share means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance
with Section 13 of the Plan. 

(ll) Stock Appreciation Right means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an
Option, that pursuant to Section 7 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right. 

(mm) Subsidiary means a
subsidiary corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(f). 

(nn) Trading
Day means a day that the primary stock exchange, national market system, or other trading platform, as applicable, upon which the Common Stock is listed (or otherwise trades regularly, as determined by the Administrator, in its sole
discretion) is open for trading. 

3.
Stock Subject to the Plan. 

(a) Stock Subject to the
Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 14 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Awards and sold under the Plan is 1,500,000 Shares. In addition, Shares may become available for issuance under
Section 3(b) of the Plan. The Shares may be authorized but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. 

(b) Lapsed Awards. If an
Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to
vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights the forfeited or repurchased Shares) which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated). With respect to Stock Appreciation Rights, only Shares actually issued pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right will cease to be available under the Plan; all remaining Shares under Stock Appreciation Rights will remain available for
future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Plan;
provided, however, that if Shares issued pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure to vest, such Shares
will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax liabilities or withholdings related to an Award will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the
extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. 

(c) Share Reserve. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as
will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 

4. Administration of the Plan. 

(a) Procedure. 

(i)
Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Employees or Participants may administer the Plan. 

-6- 

(ii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent
desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.

(iii) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be
administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which Committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. Unless and until determined otherwise by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board will have full authority to act
as Administrator. 

(iv) Approval. Awards granted under the Plan must be approved by a majority of the Companys
Independent Directors within the meaning of the Inducement Listing Rules, or the independent Compensation Committee of the Board, in each case acting as the Administrator. 

(b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties
delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion: 

(i) to determine the Fair Market
Value; 

(ii) to select the individuals to whom Awards may be granted hereunder, subject to Section 5 of the Plan (which Awards will
be intended as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee); 

(iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by
each Award granted hereunder; 

(iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan; 

(v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and
conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto (including but not limited to, temporarily suspending the exercisability of an Award if the Administrator deems such suspension to be necessary or appropriate for administrative purposes
or to comply with Applicable Laws, provided that such suspension must be lifted prior to the expiration of the maximum term and post-termination exercisability period of an Award), based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will
determine; 

(vi) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan; 

(vii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable non-U.S. laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable
non-U.S. laws; 

-7- 

(viii) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 19(c) of the Plan), including
but not limited to the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (subject to Sections 6(c) and 7(e)); 

(ix) to allow Participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations in a manner prescribed in Section 15; 

(x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by
the Administrator; 

(xi) to allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that otherwise
would be due to such Participant under an Award; and 

(xii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the Plan. 

(c) No Exchange Program. Notwithstanding any terms herein to the contrary, the Administrator may not
institute an Exchange Program. 

(d) Effect of Administrators Decision. The Administrators decisions,
determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards and will be given the maximum deference permitted by Applicable Laws. 

5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and
Performance Units may be granted to Employees, so long as the following requirements are met: 

(a) The Employee was not previously an
Employee or Director, or the Employee is to become employed by the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries following a bona-fide period of non-employment (within the meaning of the Inducement Listing
Rules); and 

(b) The grant of the Award or Awards to the Employee is an inducement material to such Employees entering into
employment with the Company (or any of its Parents or Subsidiaries, as applicable) in accordance with the Inducement Listing Rules. 

6.
Stock Options. 

(a) Grant of Options. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (including without limitation the
eligibility requirements of Section 5 of the Plan), the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Options to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective
only if the individual actually becomes an Employee, in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

(b)
Option Agreement. Each Award of an Option will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Option, the number of Shares subject to the Option, the exercise restrictions, if any, applicable to the
Option, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

-8- 

(c) Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement;
provided, however, that the term will be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. 

(d) Option Exercise Price
and Consideration. 

(i) Exercise Price. The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of
an Option will be determined by the Administrator, but will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 

(ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the
Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. 

(iii) Form of
Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method of payment. Such consideration may consist entirely of: (1) cash (including cash equivalents); (2) check;
(3) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (4) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will
be exercised and provided further that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (5) consideration received by the Company under a
cashless exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (6) by net exercise; (7) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent
permitted by Applicable Laws, or (8) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. In making its determination as to the type of consideration to accept, the Administrator will consider if acceptance of such consideration may be
reasonably expected to benefit the Company. 

(e) Exercise of Option. 

(i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the
Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 

An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may specify from
time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable tax withholding). Full payment may consist of any consideration and
method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the name of the
Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a
stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a
dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 14of the Plan. 

-9- 

Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available,
both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 

(ii)
Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Participants termination as the result of the Participants death or Disability, the Participant may exercise
his or her Option, to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of termination, within ninety (90) days of termination, or such shorter or longer period of time, as is specified in the Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator,
but in each case, in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her
entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and
the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 

(iii) Disability of Participant. If a Participant ceases to be a
Service Provider as a result of the Participants Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within six (6) months of termination, or such longer or shorter period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement or in
writing by the Administrator (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement) to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if
on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option
within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 

(iv)
Death of Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised within six (6) months following the Participants death, or within such longer or shorter period of time as is specified in the Award
Agreement or in writing by the Administrator (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement) to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death, by the Participants
designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to the Participants death in a form (if any) acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be
exercised by the personal representative of the Participants estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participants will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution (each, a
Legal Representative). If the Option is exercised pursuant to this Section 6(e)(iv), Participants designated beneficiary or Legal Representative shall be subject to the terms of this Plan and the Award Agreement,
including but not limited to the restrictions on transferability and forfeitability applicable to the Service Provider. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option,
the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the
Plan. 

-10- 

(v) Tolling Expiration. A Participants Award Agreement may also provide that:

(1) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of Participants status as a Service Provider (other than upon the
Participants death or Disability) would result in liability under Section 16b, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (A) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in the Award Agreement, or (B) the tenth (10th) day after the last date on which such exercise would result in liability under Section 16b; or 

(2) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider (other than upon the
Participants death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (A) the
expiration of the term of the Option or (B) the expiration of a period of thirty (30) days after the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such
registration requirements. 

7. Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (including without limitation the eligibility
requirements of Section 5 of the Plan), a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an
Employee, at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

(b) Number of
Shares. The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares subject to any Award of Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(c) Exercise Price and Other Terms. The per Share exercise price for the Shares that will determine the amount of the payment to be
received upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in Section 7(f) will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Otherwise,
the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan. 

(d) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify
the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

(e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date determined by
the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(c) relating to the maximum term and Section 6(e) relating to exercise also will apply to Stock
Appreciation Rights. 

-11- 

(f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation
Right, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying: 

(i) The difference
between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times 

(ii) The number of Shares with respect
to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised. 

At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right
exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. 

8. Restricted Stock. 

(a) Grant of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator (including without limitation the
eligibility requirements of Section 5 of the Plan), at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective
only if the individual actually becomes an Employee, in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

(b)
Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of Restriction (if any), the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. 

(c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 8 or as the Administrator determines, Shares of Restricted Stock may not
be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction. 

(d) Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as
it may deem advisable or appropriate. 

(e) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, Shares of
Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The
Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. 

(f) Voting Rights.
During the Period of Restriction, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. 

-12- 

(g) Dividends and Other Distributions. During the Period of Restriction, Participants
holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise. If any such dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, the Shares
will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. 

(h) Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions
have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan. 

9. Restricted Stock Units.

(a) Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (including without limitation the eligibility requirements of
Section 5 of the Plan), Restricted Stock Units may be granted to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee, at any time
and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units, it will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the
grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units. 

(b) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting
criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the
achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its
discretion. 

(c) Earning Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to
receive a payout as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to
receive a payout. 

(d) Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable
after the date(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. 

(e) Cancellation. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company.

10. Performance Units and Performance Shares. 

(a) Grant of Performance Units/Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (including without limitation the
eligibility requirements of Section 5 of the Plan), Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the
individual actually becomes an Employee, at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units and
Performance Shares granted to each Participant. 

-13- 

(b) Value of Performance Units/Shares. Each Performance Unit will have an
initial value that is established by the Administrator on or before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. 

(c) Performance Objectives and Other Terms. The Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions
(including, without limitation, continued status as a Service Provider) in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value of Performance Units/Shares that will be paid out to the
Participants. The time period during which the performance objectives or other vesting provisions must be met will be called the Performance Period. Each Award of Performance Units/Shares will be evidenced by an Award Agreement
that will specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. The Administrator may set performance objectives based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional,
business unit or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 

(d) Earning of Performance Units/Shares. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance
Units/Shares will be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units/Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance objectives or
other vesting provisions have been achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit/Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such Performance Unit/Share. 

(e) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares. Payment of earned Performance Units/Shares will be made as soon as
practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the form of cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of
the earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable Performance Period) or in a combination thereof. 

(f)
Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Units/Shares will be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan. 

11. Compliance With Section 409A. Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt
from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise
determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended to be exempt from or meet the requirements of Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such
intent (including with respect to any ambiguities or ambiguous terms), except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to
Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest
applicable under Section 409A. In no event will the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries have any responsibility, liability, or obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless a Participant (or any other person) in respect of
Awards, for any taxes, penalties or interest that may be imposed on, or other costs incurred by, Participant (or any other person) as a result of Section 409A. 

-14- 

12. Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations. Unless the Administrator provides
otherwise or as otherwise required by Applicable Laws, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by
the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries. 

13.
Limited Transferability of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator (and subject to Section 4(c) of the Plan), Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (which, for purposes of clarification, shall be deemed to include through a beneficiary designation if available in accordance with Section 6(e)), and may be exercised, during the lifetime of
the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate. 

14. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control. 

(a) Adjustments. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other
property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up,spin-off, combination, reclassification, repurchase, or
exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs (other than any ordinary dividends or other ordinary distributions), the Administrator, in order to prevent
diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of shares of
stock covered by each outstanding Award, and numerical Share limit in Section 3. 

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event
of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 

(c) Merger or Change in Control. In the event of a
merger of the Company with or into another corporation or other entity or a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines (subject to the provisions of the following paragraph) without a Participants
consent, including, without limitation, that (i) Awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number
and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participants Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or Change in Control; (iii) outstanding Awards will
vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such merger or Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate
upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in Control; (iv) (A) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or 

-15- 

property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participants rights as of the date of the occurrence of the
transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the
Participants rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment), or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (v) any combination
of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 14(c), the Administrator will not be obligated to treat all Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, all Awards of the same type, or all portions of Awards, similarly.

In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award (or portion thereof), the Participant will fully
vest in and have the right to exercise his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for, including Shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all
restrictions on Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting (or portions thereof) not
assumed or substituted for, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in each case, unless specifically provided otherwise under the
applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable. In addition, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other
written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or portion thereof) is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger or Change in
Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole
discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

For
the purposes of this Section 14(c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following the merger or Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger or
Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were
offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or Change in Control is not solely common stock of the
successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Restricted
Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share subject to such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common
Stock in the merger or Change in Control. 

-16- 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14(c) to the contrary, an Award that vests, is
earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without the Participants
consent, in all cases, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable; provided, however, a
modification to such performance goals only to reflect the successor corporations post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14(c) to the contrary, and unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if an Award that
vests, is earned or paid-out under an Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A and if the change in control definition contained in the Award Agreement (or other agreement related to the Award, as
applicable) does not comply with the definition of change in control for purposes of a distribution under Section 409A, then any payment of an amount that is otherwise accelerated under this Section will be delayed until the
earliest time that such payment would be permissible under Section 409A without triggering any penalties applicable under Section 409A. 

15. Tax Withholding. 

(a) Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or such earlier
time as any tax withholdings are due, the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates employing or retaining the services of a Participant, as applicable) will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a
Participant to remit to the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates, as applicable) or a relevant tax authority, an amount sufficient to satisfy U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S., and
other taxes (including the Participants FICA obligation) required to be withheld or paid with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). 

(b) Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to
time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax liability or withholding obligation, in whole or in part by such methods as the Administrator shall determine, including, without limitation, (i) paying cash, (ii) electing to have the
Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting
consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (iii) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a fair market value equal to the statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the
Administrator may determine, in each case, provided the delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (iv) selling a sufficient number of Shares otherwise
deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld or paid, (v) such other consideration and method of
payment for the meeting of tax liabilities or withholding obligations as the Administrator may determine to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, or (vi) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. The amount of the withholding
requirement will be deemed to include any amount which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax rates applicable
to the Participant with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the
Administrator determines in its sole discretion. The fair market value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 

-17- 

16. No Effect on Employment or Service. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer
upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participants relationship as a Service Provider with the Company or its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participants right or
the right of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 

17. Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination
granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant. 

18. Term of Plan. 

(a)
Effectiveness. The Plan will become effective upon its adoption by the Board or its designated Committee (as applicable) (such date of adoption, the Effective Date). 

(b) Expiration. Unless sooner terminated under Section 19, the Plan will continue in effect for ten (10) years from the
Effective Date. 

19. Amendment and Termination of the Plan. 

(a) Amendment and Termination. The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan. 

(b) Stockholder Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent that the Administrator (in
its discretion) determines such approval is necessary and desirable to comply with Applicable Laws. 

(c) Effect of Amendment or
Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing
and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrators ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such
termination. 

20. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares. 

(a) Legal Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise or vesting of an Award unless the exercise or vesting of such
Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. 

-18- 

(b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise or vesting of an
Award, the Company may require the person exercising or vesting in such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise or vesting that the Shares are being acquired only for investment and without any present intention to sell or
distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required. 

21. Inability to Obtain
Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any U.S. state or federal law
or non-U.S. law or under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory body,
which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the Companys counsel to be necessary or advisable for the issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the
failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been obtained. 

22. Forfeiture Events. The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participants rights, payments, and benefits
with respect to an Award will be subject to the reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, recoupment, reimbursement, or reacquisition upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance
conditions of an Award. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary under this Plan, an Award shall be subject to the Companys clawback policy that may be in effect at grant, and any clawback policy that the Company may establish (and/or
amend) from time to time to comply with Applicable Laws (including without limitation pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are listed or as may be required by the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) (collectively, the Clawback Policy). The Administrator may require a Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all or
a portion of the Award and any amounts paid thereunder pursuant to the terms of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. Unless this Section 22 specifically is mentioned and waived in an Award Agreement
or other document, no recovery of compensation under a Clawback Policy or otherwise will constitute an event that triggers or contributes to any right of a Participant to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or
similar term) under any agreement with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. 

* * * 

-19- 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 

2025 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the ALX Oncology Holdings Inc. 2025 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the
Plan) shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement, which includes the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice ofGrant), the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, attached
hereto as Exhibit A, the Exercise Notice, attached hereto as Exhibit B, and all other exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached hereto (together, the Option Agreement). 

Participant Name: 

Address: 

The
undersigned Participant has been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Exercise Price per Share: 

Total Number of Shares Subject to Option: 

Total Exercise Price: 

Type of Option: Nonstatutory Stock Option

Term/Expiration Date: 

Vesting Schedule: 

Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan, this Option Agreement or any other written agreement authorized by the
Administrator between Participant and the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable) governing the terms of this Option, this Option shall vest and be exercisable, in whole or in part, according to the following vesting
schedule: 

[INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE] 

Termination Period: 

This Option shall be exercisable, to the extent vested, for three (3) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless
such cessation is due to Participants death or Disability, in which case this Option shall be exercisable, to the extent vested, for twelve (12) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing
sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above and this Option may be subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 

By Participants signature and the signature of the representative of the Company below, Participant and the Company agree that this
Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, the Exercise Notice, attached hereto as Exhibit
B, and all other exhibits, appendices and addenda attached hereto, all of which are made a part of this document. Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their
entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and the Option Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final
all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan or this Option Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participants residence address indicated above. 

Participant ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Print Name Print Name: 

Title: 

-2- 

EXHIBIT A 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 

2025 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 

1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the individual (Participant) named in the Notice of Stock Option
Grant of this Option Agreement (the Notice of Grant), an option (the Option), constituting a Nonstatutory Stock Option, to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price
per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price), subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Option Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 19 of the Plan,
in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 

2. Vesting Schedule. Except as provided in Section 3, the Option awarded by this Option Agreement will vest in accordance with the
vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Option Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company, as applicable, Shares subject to this Option that are scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Option Agreement, unless Participant will
have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 

3. Administrator Discretion.
The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will be considered as having
vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. 

4. Exercise of Option. 

(a) Right to Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice
of Grant and with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. 

(b) Method of Exercise. This Option shall be
exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Notice of Grant or in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine, which shall
state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company. The
Exercise Notice shall be completed by Participant and delivered to the Company, accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares, together with any applicable Withholding Obligations (as defined below). This Option
shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price, together with any applicable Withholding Obligations. 

-3- 

No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless such issuance and
such exercise comply with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to Participant on the date on which the Option is exercised with respect to such Shares. 

5. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the
election of Participant: 

(a) cash; 

(b) check; 

(c) consideration
received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan; or 

(d) if
Participant is a U.S. employee, surrender of other Shares which (i) shall be valued at its fair market value on the date of surrender, and (ii) must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, if
accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, shall not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company. 

A non-U.S. residents methods of exercise may be restricted by the terms and conditions of any
appendix to this Agreement for Participants country (including the Country Addendum, as defined below). 

6. Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by
Participant. 

7. Term of Option. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be
exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 

8. Tax Obligations. 

(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different,
Participants employer or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to which Participant is providing services (together, the Service Recipients), the ultimate liability for any tax and/or social insurance liability obligations
and requirements in connection with the Option, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local taxes (including Participants Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligations) that are required to be withheld by any
Service Recipient or other payment of tax-related items related to Participants participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant, (ii) Participants and, to the extent required
by any Service Recipient, the Service Recipients fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or sale of Shares, and (iii) any other Service Recipient taxes the responsibility for
which Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Option (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the Tax Obligations), is and remains Participants sole responsibility and may
exceed the amount actually withheld by the applicable Service Recipient(s). Participant further acknowledges that no Service Recipient (A) makes any representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection
with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale 

-4- 

of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (B) makes any commitment to and is under any obligation to structure the terms of
the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Participants liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date
of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the applicable Service Recipient(s) (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Withholding
Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the
Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares. 

(b) Tax Withholding. Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may
specify from time to time, the applicable Service Recipient(s) will withhold the amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations (the Withholding Obligations). The Administrator, in its sole discretion and
pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit Participant to satisfy such Withholding Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by applicable local law, by (i) paying cash in U.S.
dollars, (ii) having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as
Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) (Net Share Withholding), (iii) withholding the amount of such Withholding Obligations
from Participants wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the applicable Service Recipient(s), (iv) delivering to the Company Shares that Participant owns and that have vested with a fair market value equal to the
Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences), or (v) selling a sufficient number of such Shares
otherwise deliverable to Participant, through such means as the Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such
Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) (Sell to Cover). To the extent
determined appropriate by the Administrator in its discretion, the Administrator will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Withholding Obligations by reducing the Net Share Withholding. If Net Share Withholding is the method by
which such Withholding Obligations are satisfied, the Company will not withhold on a fractional Share basis to satisfy any portion of the Withholding Obligations and, unless the Company determines otherwise, no refund will be made to Participant for
the value of the portion of a Share, if any, withheld in excess of the Withholding Obligations. If a Sell to Cover is the method by which Withholding Obligations are satisfied, Participant agrees that as part of the Sell to Cover, additional Shares
may be sold to satisfy any associated broker or other fees. Only whole Shares will be sold pursuant to a Sell to Cover. Any proceeds from the sale of Shares pursuant to a Sell to Cover that are in excess of the Withholding Obligations and any
associated broker or other fees will be paid to Participant in accordance with procedures the Company may specify from time to time. 

(c)
Section 409A. Under Section 409A, a stock right (such as the Option) that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004), that
was granted with a per share exercise price that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) to be less than the fair market value of an underlying share on the date of grant (a discount option) may
be considered deferred compensation. A stock right that is a discount option may result in (i) income recognition by the recipient of the stock right prior to 

-5- 

the exercise of the stock right, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20%) federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The discount option may also
result in additional state income, penalty and interest tax to the recipient of the stock right. Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share exercise price of this Option equals
or exceeds the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant in a later examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share exercise price that was less than the fair market value of a Share on
the date of grant, Participant shall be solely responsible for Participants costs related to such a determination. In no event will the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries have any responsibility, liability, or obligation to
reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless Participant (or any other person) in respect of this Option or any other Awards, for any taxes, penalties or interest that may be imposed on, or other costs incurred by, Participant (or any other person) as a
result of Section 409A. 

9. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant
will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the
records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a
stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 

10. Entire
Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior
undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participants interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. This Option
Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws but not the choice of law rules of the State of Delaware. 

11. No Guarantee of
Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER THROUGH THE APPLICABLE VESTING DATE(S), WHICH UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE
UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS IS AT THE WILL OF THE APPLICABLE SERVICE RECIPIENT AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION AGREEMENT, THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN
ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANTS RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF ANY SERVICE RECIPIENT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANTS RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT
ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

-6- 

12. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands
and agrees that: 

(a) the grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive
future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past; 

(b) all decisions with respect
to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator; 

(c) Participant is voluntarily
participating in the Plan; 

(d) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or
compensation; 

(e) the Option and Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected
compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension
or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; 

(f) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown,
indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

(g) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no
value; 

(h) if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value, even
below the Exercise Price; 

(i) for purposes of the Option, Participants status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated
as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws
in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Option Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant
to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, (i) Participants right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g.,
Participants period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms
of Participants employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); and (ii) the period (if any) during which Participant may exercise the Option after such termination of
Participants engagement as a Service Provider will commence on the date Participant ceases to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is
employed or terms of Participants engagement agreement, if any; the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of this Option grant (including whether
Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence and consistent with local law). Further, for the avoidance of doubt, Participant shall not be entitled to any pro rata vesting of any Shares subject to the
Option should Participants status as a Service Provider cease before the Option has fully vested (e.g., if the Option vests monthly on the 10th of each month and Participant ceases providing services on March 1 before the Option has
become fully vested, Participant shall not be entitled to any vesting of the Shares subject to the Option that were scheduled to vest on the immediately following vesting date of March 10); 

-7- 

(j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Administrator in its discretion, the
Option and the benefits evidenced by this Option Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any
corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and 

(k) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the
United States: 

(i) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any
purpose; 

(ii) Participant acknowledges and agrees that no Service Recipient shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation
between Participants local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise;
and 

(iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of
Participants status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participants
employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against any Service Recipient, waives his or her
ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases each Service Recipient from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant
shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 

13. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any
recommendations regarding Participants participation in the Plan, or Participants acquisition or sale of the Shares underlying the Option. Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial
advisers regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

14. Data Privacy.
Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participants personal data as described in this Option Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and
among, as applicable, the Service Recipients for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participants participation in the Plan.

Participant understands that the Company and the Service Recipient may hold certain personal information about Participant, including,
but not limited to, Participants name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all
Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participants favor (Data), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.

-8- 

Participant understands that Data may be transferred to a stock plan service provider,
as may be selected by the Company in the future, assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and
that the recipients country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may
request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any
other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of
implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participants participation in the Plan. Participant
understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents
herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not
consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her status as a Service Provider and career with the Service Recipient will not be adversely affected. The only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing
Participants consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect
Participants ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participants refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources
representative. 

15. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Option Agreement
will be addressed to the Company at ALX Oncology Holdings Inc., 323 Allerton Avenue, South San Francisco, California 94080, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 

16. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Option Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and
this Option Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restriction on transfer herein set forth, this Option Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and Participants executors,
administrators, heirs, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Option Agreement may be assigned only with the prior written consent of the Company. 

17. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing,
registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or non-U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as
a 

-9- 

condition to the exercise of the Options or the purchase by, or issuance of Shares, to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such exercise, purchase or issuance will not occur unless and
until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Option Agreement and
the Plan, the Company will not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for (or make any entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company of) the Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such
reasonable period of time following the date of exercise of the Option as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience. 

18. Language. If Participant has received this Option Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language
other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 

19. Interpretation. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Option Agreement and to adopt such rules for
the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have vested).
All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf
of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Option Agreement. 

20. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Option
awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or require Participant to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

21. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of
this Option Agreement. 

22. Option Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Option Agreement will be held
invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Option Agreement. 

23. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Option, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has
received an Option under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time. 

24. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Option Agreement, this Option shall be subject to any special terms and
conditions set forth in an appendix (if any) to this Option Agreement for any country whose laws are applicable to Participant and this Option (as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion) (the Country Addendum).
Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum (if any), the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such
terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum (if any) constitutes a part of this Option Agreement. 

-10- 

25. Modifications to the Option Agreement. This Option Agreement constitutes the
entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Option Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein.
Modifications to this Option Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Option Agreement, the Company
reserves the right to revise this Option Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income
recognition under Section 409A in connection with the Option. 

26. No Waiver. Either partys failure to enforce any
provision or provisions of this Option Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Option Agreement. The rights
granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either partys right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 

27. Tax Consequences. Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisers the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Option Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisers and not on any statements or
representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participants own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the
transactions contemplated by this Option Agreement. 

* * * 

-11- 

EXHIBIT B 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 

2025 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

ALX Oncology
Holdings Inc. 

323 Allerton Avenue 

South San Francisco,
California 94080 

Attention: Stock Administration 

1. Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ,
, the undersigned (Participant) hereby elects to exercise Participants option (the Option) to purchase shares of
the Common Stock (the Shares) of ALX Oncology Holdings Inc. (the Company) under and pursuant to the 2025 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the Stock Option Agreement dated
, including the Notice of Stock Option Grant, and the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant attached as Exhibit A thereto and other exhibits, appendices and addenda attached thereto (the Option
Agreement). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Exercise Notice will be ascribed the same defined meanings as set forth in the Option Agreement (or the Plan or other written agreement as specified in the Option
Agreement). 

2. Delivery of Payment. Participant herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares, as set
forth in the Option Agreement, and any Withholding Obligations to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option. 

3.
Representations of Participant. Participant acknowledges that Participant has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

4. Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance of the Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a
duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the Common Stock subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so
acquired shall be issued to Participant as soon as practicable after the Option is exercised in accordance with the Option Agreement. No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of
issuance except as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 

5. Tax Consultation. Participant understands that Participant may
suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Participants purchase or disposition of the Shares. Participant represents that Participant has consulted with any tax consultants Participant deems advisable in connection with the purchase or
disposition of the Shares and that Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 

6. Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Exercise Notice
shall be submitted by Participant or by the Company forthwith to the Administrator, which shall review such dispute at its next regular meeting. The resolution of such a dispute by the Administrator shall be final and binding on all parties to the
maximum extent permitted by law. 

7. Governing Law; Severability. This Exercise Notice is governed by the internal substantive
laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of Delaware. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Exercise Notice shall continue in full
force and effect. 

8. Entire Agreement. The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and the Option
Agreement (including this Exercise Notice and any exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached to the Notice of Stock Option Grant of the Option Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participants interest except by means of a writing signed by the
Company and Participant. 

Submitted by: Accepted by:

PARTICIPANT ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.

Signature 

By

Print Name 

Print Name

Title

Address: Address:

Date Received

-2- 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 

2025 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the ALX Oncology Holdings Inc. 2025 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the
Plan) will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement which includes the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the Notice of Grant), the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit
Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, and all other exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached hereto (the Award Agreement). 

Participant Name: 

Address:

The undersigned Participant has been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Award Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Total Number of

Restricted Stock
Units: 

Vesting Schedule: 

Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other written agreement authorized by the
Administrator between Participant and the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable) governing the terms of this Award, the Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest according to the following vesting schedule: 

[INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE] 

By
Participants signature and the signature of the representative of the Company below, Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, and all other exhibits, appendices and addenda attached hereto, all of which are made a part of this document. Participant

acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing
this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to
the Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participants residence address indicated above. 

Participant ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.

By:

Print Name Print Name:

Title:

-2- 

EXHIBIT A 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 

2025 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units. The Company hereby grants to the individual (Participant) named in the Notice of
Restricted Stock Unit Grant of this Award Agreement (the Notice of Grant) under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated
herein by reference. Subject to Section 19 of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 

2. Companys Obligation to Pay. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and
until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such
Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 

3. Vesting Schedule. Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this
Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and
the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, governing the terms of this Award, Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any
of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 

4. Payment after Vesting. 

(a) General Rule. Subject to Section 7, any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to Participant (or in the event of
Participants death, to his or her properly designated beneficiary or estate) in whole Shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(c), such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after
vesting, but in each such case within sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award
Agreement. 

(b) Discretionary Acceleration. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some
lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.

-3- 

(c) Section 409A. 

(i) If Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Award Agreement (including any discretionary
acceleration under Section 4(b)) shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Award Agreement only
by direct and specific reference to such sentence. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement or any other
agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Date of Grant), if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the termination of Participants
status as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Administrator), other than due to Participants death, and if
(x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will
result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following the cessation of Participants status as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated
Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of cessation of Participants status as a Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service
Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participants estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. 

(iii) It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply
with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or
ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations
Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, references to termination of Participants status as a Service Provider, termination of employment, or similar
phrases will be references to Participants separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. In no event will the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company have any responsibility, liability, or obligation
to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless Participant (or any other person) for any taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 

5. Forfeiture Upon Termination as a Service Provider. Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written
agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, governing the terms of this Award, if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason, the
then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and Participant will have no further rights thereunder. 

6. Death of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement, if Participant is then
deceased, will be made to Participants designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participants estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of
his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 

-4- 

7. Tax Obligations

(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different,
Participants employer or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to which Participant is providing services (together, the Service Recipients), the ultimate liability for any tax and/or social insurance liability obligations
and requirements in connection with the Restricted Stock Units, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local taxes (including Participants Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligations) that are required to be
withheld by any Service Recipient or other payment of tax-related items related to Participants participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant, (ii) Participants and, to the
extent required by any Service Recipient, the Service Recipients fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or sale of Shares, and (iii) any other Service
Recipient taxes the responsibility for which Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units (or settlement thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the TaxObligations),
is and remains Participants sole responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the applicable Service Recipient(s). Participant further acknowledges that no Service Recipient (A) makes any representations or undertakings
regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired
pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (B) makes any commitment to and is under any obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or
eliminate Participants liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or
tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the applicable Service Recipient(s) (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. 

(b) Tax Withholding. Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, the applicable Service Recipient(s)
will withhold the amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations (the Withholding Obligations). The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may
permit Participant to satisfy such Withholding Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by applicable local law, by: (i) paying cash in U.S. dollars, (ii) having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable
Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater
amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) (Net Share Withholding), (iii) withholding the amount of such Withholding Obligations from Participants wages or other cash compensation paid to
Participant by the applicable Service Recipient(s), (iv) delivering to the Company Shares that Participant owns and that already have vested with a fair market value equal to the Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may
elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences), (v) selling a sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant, through such means as the Company
may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the minimum amount 

-5- 

that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount
would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) (Sell to Cover), or (vi) such other means as the Administrator deems appropriate. If the Withholding Obligations are satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax
purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Withholding Obligations. To
the extent determined appropriate by the Administrator in its discretion, the Administrator will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Withholding Obligations by Net Share Withholding. If Net Share Withholding is the method by which
such Withholding Obligations are satisfied, the Company will not withhold on a fractional Share basis to satisfy any portion of the Withholding Obligations and, unless the Company determines otherwise, no refund will be made to Participant for the
value of the portion of a Share, if any, withheld in excess of the Withholding Obligations. If a Sell to Cover is the method by which Withholding Obligations are satisfied, Participant agrees that as part of the Sell to Cover, additional Shares may
be sold to satisfy any associated broker or other fees. Only whole Shares will be sold pursuant to a Sell to Cover. Any proceeds from the sale of Shares pursuant to a Sell to Cover that are in excess of the Withholding Obligations and any associated
broker or other fees will be paid to Participant in accordance with procedures the Company may specify from time to time. 

(c) Tax
Consequences. Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisers the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award
Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisers and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company)
shall be responsible for Participants own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. 

(d) Companys Obligation to Deliver Shares. For clarification purposes, in no event will the Company issue Participant any Shares
unless and until arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made for the payment of Participants Withholding Obligations. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such Withholding Obligations
hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 or Participants Withholding Obligations otherwise become due, Participant permanently will forfeit such Restricted Stock
Units to which Participants Withholding Obligation relates and any right to receive Shares thereunder and such Restricted Stock Units will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the
Company may permanently refuse to issue or deliver the Shares if such Withholding Obligations are not delivered at the time they are due. 

8. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or
privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its
transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with
respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 

-6- 

9. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE
VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER THROUGH THE APPLICABLE VESTING DATE(S), WHICH UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS IS AT THE WILL OF THE
APPLICABLE SERVICE RECIPIENT AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH
PARTICIPANTS RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF ANY SERVICE RECIPIENT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANTS RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT ANY TIME, WITH
OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

10. Grant is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this Award and the rights
and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to
transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Award, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this Award and the rights and privileges conferred
hereby immediately will become null and void. 

11. Nature of Grant. In accepting this Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant
acknowledges, understands and agrees that: 

(a) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any
contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; 

(b) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator;

(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 

(d) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or
compensation; 

(e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are
not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses,
long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; 

(f) the future value of the Shares underlying the
Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

-7- 

(g) for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participants status as a Service
Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in
breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement (including by
reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, Participants right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended
by any notice period (e.g., Participants period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a
Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is
no longer actively providing services for purposes of this Award of Restricted Stock Units (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence and consistent with local law). Further, for the
avoidance of doubt, Participant shall not be entitled to any pro rata vesting of any Restricted Stock Units should Participants status as a Service Provider cease before the Restricted Stock Units have fully vested (e.g., if Participants
status as a Service Provider ceases on March 1 before all of the Restricted Stock Units have vested, Participant shall not be entitled to any vesting of the Restricted Stock Units that were scheduled to vest on the immediately following vesting
date of March 10); 

(h) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Administrator in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the
benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any
corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and 

(i) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the
United States: 

(i) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected
compensation or salary for any purpose; 

(ii) Participant acknowledges and agrees that no Service Recipient shall be liable for any
foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participants local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock
Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement; and 

(iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall
arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of Participants status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the
jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units to which Participant is otherwise not entitled,
Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against any Service Recipient, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases each Service Recipient from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any
such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request
dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 

-8- 

12. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or
financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participants participation in the Plan, or Participants acquisition or sale of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Participant is hereby advised to
consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisers regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

13. Data Privacy. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in
electronic or other form, of Participants personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Service Recipients for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing Participants participation in the Plan.

Participant understands that the Company and the
Service Recipient may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participants name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary,
nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participants favor
(Data), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.

Participant
understands that Data may be transferred to a stock plan service provider, as may be selected by the Company in the future, assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the
recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants country. Participant
understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes
the Company, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain
and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement,
administer and manage Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of
Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is
providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her status as a Service Provider and career with the Service Recipient will not be
adversely affected. The only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participants consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards.
Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participants ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participants refusal to consent or withdrawal of
consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative.

-9- 

14. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of
this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at ALX Oncology Holdings Inc., 323 Allerton Avenue, South San Francisco, California 94080, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 

15. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Award Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and
this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Award Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Award Agreement may be assigned only with the prior written consent of the Company. 

16. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing,
registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or non-U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as
a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed,
effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Company will not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for (or make any entry on the books of the
Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company of) the Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may establish from time to
time for reasons of administrative convenience. 

17. Language. If Participant has received this Award Agreement or any other
document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 

18. Interpretation. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the
administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions
taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the
Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 

19. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the
Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or require Participant to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such
documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

-10- 

20. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve
as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 

21. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By
accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is
discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time. 

22. Country Addendum.
Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in an appendix (if any) to this Award Agreement for any country whose laws are applicable to
Participant and this Award of Restricted Stock Units (as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion) (the Country Addendum). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum
(if any), the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country
Addendum (if any) constitutes a part of this Award Agreement. 

23. Modifications to the Award Agreement. This Award Agreement
constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained
herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves
the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition
under Section 409A in connection with this Award of Restricted Stock Units. 

24. No Waiver. Either partys failure to
enforce any provision or provisions of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement.
The rights granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either partys right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 

25. Governing Law; Severability. This Award Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units are governed by the internal substantive laws, but
not the choice of law rules, of the State of Delaware. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Award Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect. 

26. Entire Agreement. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement (including the
exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached to the Notice of Grant) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and
Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Participants interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. 

* * * 

-11-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>alxo-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>alxo-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>alxo-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001810182

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39386

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-0642577

Entity Address, Address Line One 323 Allerton Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town South San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94080

City Area Code (650)

Local Phone Number 466-7125

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol ALXO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.alxoncology.com//20250116/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

alxo-20250116.xsd 
alxo-20250116_lab.xml 
alxo-20250116_pre.xml 
d909443d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-008461-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d909443d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001810182 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

ALX ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS INC 
false 
0001810182 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
DE 
001-39386 
85-0642577 
323 Allerton Avenue 
South San Francisco 
CA 
94080 
(650) 
466-7125 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
ALXO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>