<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-023641.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-023641.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210170420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-023641
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TheRealReal, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001573221
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				451234222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38953
		FILM NUMBER:		25606533

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 FRANCISCO STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94133
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-215-0566

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 FRANCISCO STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94133
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d929762d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

TheRealReal, Inc.false000157322100015732212025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

The RealReal, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-38953 45-1234222

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

55 Francisco Street Suite 150

San Francisco, CA94133

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

(855)435-5893

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $0.00001 par value REAL The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Exchange Agreement 

On February 10, 2025 (the Effective Date), The RealReal, Inc. (the Company) entered into private, separately negotiated debt exchange transactions pursuant to an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with certain Noteholder Parties (as defined therein), pursuant to which the parties agreed to exchange $183,341,000 in aggregate principal amount of the holders 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the Exchanged Notes) for $146,685,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the New Notes), issued pursuant to the Indenture (as defined below) (the Exchange Transactions). The Exchange Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants customary for transactions of this type and described in greater detail in the Exchange Agreement. The Exchange Transactions were consummated on the Effective Date, following the satisfaction of the closing conditions described in the Exchange Agreement. The Company did not receive any cash proceeds from the Exchange Transactions. 

The New Notes were issued in private placement transactions pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), including Regulation D and/or Regulation S thereunder, as applicable. 

Indenture 

On the Effective Date, in connection with the Exchange Transactions, the Company issued $146,685,000 in aggregate principal amount of New Notes pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of the Effective Date (the Indenture), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

The New Notes accrue interest at a rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2025; provided that, solely with respect to the interest payment due on August 15, 2025, the New Notes shall bear additional interest at the rate of 1.25% per year from September 1, 2024 to, but excluding, the Effective Date, being paid in consideration for the accrued and unpaid interest on the Exchanged Notes. The maturity date of the New Notes is February 15, 2031. The initial conversion rate applicable to the New Notes is 95.5795 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of New Notes (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $10.46 per share). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, but will not be adjusted for accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture), the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares for a holder that elects to convert its New Notes in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 

The New Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Companys option at any time, and from time to time, on or after February 15, 2028, to, but excluding, February 15, 2030, if the last reported sale price per share of the Companys common stock has been at least 120% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the New Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date (such a redemption, a Provisional Redemption and such price, the Redemption Price). Calling any New Note for a Provisional Redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that New Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that New Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. In addition, the New Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Companys option at any time, and from time to time, on or after February 15, 2030, at the Redemption Price (such redemption, a Par Redemption). A Par Redemption will not constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, and the conversion rate will not be increased in respect of any New Note converted following the Company calling the New Notes for Par Redemption. 

Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding November 15, 2030, the New Notes will be convertible only under the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 125% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five-business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of New Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if the Company calls such New Notes for Provisional Redemption or Par Redemption, at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day prior to the redemption date; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after November 15, 2030, holders may convert all or any portion of their New Notes at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date regardless of the foregoing conditions. Upon conversion, the New Notes will be settled, at the Companys election, in cash, shares of the Companys common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Companys common stock. 

2 

The New Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank senior in right of payment to any future indebtedness of the Company that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; rank equal in right of payment to any existing and future unsecured indebtedness of the Company that is not so subordinated, including the Companys 3.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 and 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 that were not exchanged; are effectively subordinated in right of payment to any secured indebtedness of the Company to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, including the Companys 4.25%/8.75% PIK/Cash Senior Secured Notes due 2029; and are structurally subordinated to all future indebtedness and other liabilities of and obligations incurred by future subsidiaries of the Company (including trade payables). 

The Indenture does not contain any financial or operating covenants or restrictions on the payments of dividends, the incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company or its subsidiaries (if any). The Indenture contains customary terms and covenants and events of default for instruments of its type. If any event of default (other than certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Company) occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by written notice to the Company, or holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of New Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare 100% of the principal amount of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the outstanding New Notes to be due and payable immediately. If an event of default involving certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occurs with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) and is continuing, then 100% of the principal amount of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the outstanding New Notes will automatically become due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any holder. 

The foregoing description of the Indenture, the form of New Note and the Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the form of New Note and the Exchange Agreement, copies of which are included as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 10.1 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.02 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On the Effective Date, the Company issued a press release in connection with the Exchange Transactions announcing certain anticipated financial results for the fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The information in Item 2.02 of this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. This information shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. This Current Report does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. 

Initially, a maximum of 17,525,087 shares of common stock may be issued upon conversion of the New Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 119.4743 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of New Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On the Effective Date, the Company issued a press release in connection with the Exchange Transactions announcing certain anticipated financial results for the fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including the exhibit attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. This information shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

3 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Information set forth in this Current Report (including any information incorporated by reference herein), contains forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, the future performance of The RealReal that are based on the Companys current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, target, contemplate, project, believe, estimate, predict, intend, potential, continue, ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future operating and financial results, including our strategies, plans, commitments, objectives and goals, in particular in the context of the impacts of recent geopolitical events, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, and uncertainty surrounding macro-economic trends, the debt exchange, financial guidance, anticipated growth in 2025, the anticipated impact of generative AI, and long-range financial targets and projections. Actual results could differ materially from those predicted or implied and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. Other factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, inflation, macroeconomic uncertainty, geopolitical instability, any failure to generate a supply of consigned goods, pricing pressure on the consignment market resulting from discounting in the market for new goods, failure to efficiently and effectively operate our merchandising and fulfillment operations, labor shortages and other reasons. 

More information about factors that could affect the companys operating results is included under the captions Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the Companys Investor Relations website at https://investor.therealreal.com or the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this Current Report, which are based on information available to the Company on the date hereof. The Company assumes no obligation to update such statements. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between The RealReal, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.2 Form of 4.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2031 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1). 

10.1 Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among The RealReal, Inc. and the Noteholder Parties.* 

99.1 Press Release, dated as of February 10, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Certain schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 

The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

4 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

The RealReal, Inc.

Date: February 10, 2025 By: 

/s/ Ajay Madan Gopal

Ajay Madan Gopal

Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d929762dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

EXECUTION VERSION

THE REALREAL, INC. 

AND 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of
February 10, 2025 

4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01. 

Definitions 1 

Section 1.02. 

References to Interest 13 

ARTICLE 2 

ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATIONAND EXCHANGEOF NOTES 

Section 2.01. 

Designation and Amount 14 

Section 2.02. 

Form of Notes 14 

Section 2.03. 

Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts 15 

Section 2.04. 

Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes 16 

Section 2.05. 

Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer;
Depositary 17 

Section 2.06. 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 23 

Section 2.07. 

Temporary Notes 24 

Section 2.08. 

Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. 24 

Section 2.09. 

CUSIP Numbers 24 

Section 2.10. 

Additional Notes; Repurchases 25 

ARTICLE 3 

SATISFACTIONAND DISCHARGE 

Section 3.01. 

Satisfaction and Discharge 25 

ARTICLE 4 

PARTICULAR COVENANTSOFTHE COMPANY 

Section 4.01. 

Payment of Principal and Interest 26 

Section 4.02. 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 26 

Section 4.03. 

Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 27 

Section 4.04. 

Provisions as to Paying Agent 27 

Section 4.05. 

Existence 28 

Section 4.06. 

Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports 28 

Section 4.07. 

Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 30 

Section 4.08. 

Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults 31 

Section 4.09. 

Further Instruments and Acts 31 

ARTICLE 5 

LISTSOF HOLDERSAND REPORTSBYTHE COMPANYANDTHE
TRUSTEE 

Section 5.01. 

Lists of Holders 31 

Section 5.02. 

Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 31 

i 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTSAND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01. 

Events of Default 31 

Section 6.02. 

Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 33 

Section 6.03. 

Additional Interest 34 

Section 6.04. 

Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 35 

Section 6.05. 

Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 36 

Section 6.06. 

Proceedings by Holders 37 

Section 6.07. 

Proceedings by Trustee 38 

Section 6.08. 

Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 38 

Section 6.09. 

Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 39 

Section 6.10. 

Notice of Defaults 39 

Section 6.11. 

Undertaking to Pay Costs 39 

ARTICLE 7 

CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE 

Section 7.01. 

Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 40 

Section 7.02. 

Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. 42 

Section 7.03. 

No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. 43 

Section 7.04. 

Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own
Notes 43 

Section 7.05. 

Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust 43 

Section 7.06. 

Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 43 

Section 7.07. 

Officers Certificate as Evidence 44 

Section 7.08. 

Eligibility of Trustee 44 

Section 7.09. 

Resignation or Removal of Trustee 45 

Section 7.10. 

Acceptance by Successor Trustee 46 

Section 7.11. 

Succession by Merger, Etc. 46 

Section 7.12. 

Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company 47 

ARTICLE 8 

CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS 

Section 8.01. 

Action by Holders 47 

Section 8.02. 

Proof of Execution by Holders 47 

Section 8.03. 

Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 48 

Section 8.04. 

Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 48 

Section 8.05. 

Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 48 

ARTICLE 9 

HOLDERS MEETINGS 

Section 9.01. 

Purpose of Meetings 49 

Section 9.02. 

Call of Meetings by Trustee 49 

ii 

Section 9.03. 

Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 49 

Section 9.04. 

Qualifications for Voting 50 

Section 9.05. 

Regulations 50 

Section 9.06. 

Voting 50 

Section 9.07. 

No Delay of Rights by Meeting 51 

ARTICLE 10 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 

Section 10.01. 

Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 51 

Section 10.02. 

Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 52 

Section 10.03. 

Effect of Supplemental Indentures 53 

Section 10.04. 

Notation on Notes 53 

Section 10.05. 

Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished Trustee 54 

ARTICLE 11 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCEAND LEASE 

Section 11.01. 

Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 54 

Section 11.02. 

Successor Corporation to Be Substituted 54 

ARTICLE 12 

IMMUNITYOF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERSAND DIRECTORS 

Section 12.01. 

Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 55 

ARTICLE 13 

INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 

ARTICLE 14 

CONVERSIONOF NOTES 

Section 14.01. 

Conversion Privilege 55 

Section 14.02. 

Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion 59 

Section 14.03. 

Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole
Fundamental Changes or During a Provisional Redemption Period 63 

Section 14.04. 

Adjustment of Conversion Rate 66 

Section 14.05. 

Adjustments of Prices 76 

Section 14.06. 

Shares to Be Fully Paid 76 

Section 14.07. 

Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock 77 

Section 14.08. 

Certain Covenants 79 

Section 14.09. 

Responsibility of Trustee and any Other Conversion Agent 79 

Section 14.10. 

Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions 80 

Section 14.11. 

Stockholder Rights Plans 80 

Section 14.12. 

Exchange In Lieu Of Conversion 81 

iii 

ARTICLE 15 

REPURCHASEOF NOTESAT OPTIONOF HOLDERS 

Section 15.01. 

Intentionally Omitted 81 

Section 15.02. 

Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 81 

Section 15.03. 

Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 84 

Section 15.04. 

Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 85 

Section 15.05. 

Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 86 

ARTICLE 16 

PROVISIONAL REDEMPTION; PAR REDEMPTION 

Section 16.01. 

Provisional Redemption; Par Redemption 86 

Section 16.02. 

Notice of Provisional Redemption; Notice of Par Redemption; Selection of Notes 86 

Section 16.03. 

Payment of Notes Called for Redemption 88 

Section 16.04. 

Restrictions on Redemption 88 

ARTICLE 17 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 17.01. 

Provisions Binding on Companys Successors 88 

Section 17.02. 

Official Acts by Successor Corporation 88 

Section 17.03. 

Addresses for Notices, Etc. 88 

Section 17.04. 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction 89 

Section 17.05. 

Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to
Trustee 90 

Section 17.06. 

Legal Holidays 90 

Section 17.07. 

No Security Interest Created 90 

Section 17.08. 

Benefits of Indenture 91 

Section 17.09. 

Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 91 

Section 17.10. 

Authenticating Agent 91 

Section 17.11. 

Execution in Counterparts 92 

Section 17.12. 

Severability 92 

Section 17.13. 

Waiver of Jury Trial 93 

Section 17.14. 

Force Majeure 93 

Section 17.15. 

Calculations 93 

Section 17.16. 

U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 93 

EXHIBIT 

Exhibit A 

Form of Note A-1 

iv 

INDENTURE, dated as of February 10, 2025, between THE REALREAL, INC., a Delaware
corporation, as issuer (the Company, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee, as more fully set
forth in Section 1.01). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly authorized the issuance of its 4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the
Notes), initially in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $146,685,000 and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized the
execution and delivery of this Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, the Form of Note, the certificate of authentication to be borne by each Note, the
Form of Notice of Conversion, the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and the Form of Assignment and Transfer to be borne by the Notes are to be substantially in the forms hereinafter provided; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a
duly authorized authenticating agent, as in this Indenture provided, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and this Indenture a valid agreement according to its terms, have been done and performed, and the execution of this
Indenture and the issuance hereunder of the Notes have in all respects been duly authorized. 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in
consideration of the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes
(except as otherwise provided below), as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 1.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or
unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof,
hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular. 

Additional Interest means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d) and Section 6.03, as
applicable. 

Additional Shares shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a). 

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings
correlative to the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the determination of whether one Person is an Affiliate of another Person for purposes of this Indenture shall be made based on the facts at the time such
determination is made or required to be made, as the case may be, hereunder. 

Bid Solicitation Agent means the Company
or the Person appointed by the Company to solicit bids for the Trading Price of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(i). The Company shall initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act for it
hereunder. 

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the
Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee. 

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 

Capital Stock means, for
any entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity, but shall not include any debt securities convertible into or
exchangeable for any securities otherwise constituting Capital Stock pursuant to this definition. 

Cash Settlement
shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). 

Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.04(c). 

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

close of business means 5:00 p.m. (New York City time). 

Combination Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). 

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election
of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person. 

2 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.00001
per share, at the date of this Indenture, subject to Section 14.07. 

Company shall have the meaning specified in
the first paragraph of this Indenture, and subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns. 

Company Order means a written order of the Company, signed by any of its Officers, and delivered to the Trustee. 

Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02. 

Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a). 

Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(c). 

Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 

Conversion Price means as of any time, $1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate as of such time. 

Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 

Corporate Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(iii). 

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any time this Indenture shall be
administered, which office at the date hereof is located at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, 111 Fillmore Ave. East Saint Paul, MN 55107, EP-MN-ES3C, Attn:
Joshua Hahn or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the designated corporate trust office of any successor trustee (or such other address as such successor trustee may
designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company). 

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian for
The Depository Trust Company, with respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto. 

Daily Conversion
Value means, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, 2.5% of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP on such Trading Day. 

Daily Measurement Value means the Specified Dollar Amount (if any), divided by 40. 

3 

Daily Settlement Amount, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days
during the relevant Observation Period, shall consist of: 

(a) cash in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily
Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day; and 

(b) if the Daily Conversion Value on
such Trading Day exceeds the Daily Measurement Value, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii) the Daily VWAP for such Trading
Day. 

Daily VWAP means the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg
VWAP on Bloomberg page REAL AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading
session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day reasonably determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized
independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours.

Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time, or both, would be, an Event of Default. 

Defaulted Amounts means any amounts on any Note (including, without limitation, the Redemption Price, the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price, principal and interest) that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for. 

delivered with respect to any notice to be delivered, given or mailed to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture, shall mean
notice (x) given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices or procedures at the Depositary (in the case of a
Global Note) or (y) mailed to such Holder by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register, in each case in accordance with Section 17.03. Notice so delivered shall be deemed to include
any notice to be mailed or given, as applicable, under this Indenture. 

Depositary means, with
respect to each Global Note, the Person specified in Section 2.05(c) as the Depositary with respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and
thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include such successor. 

Designated Institution shall have the
meaning specified in Section 14.12(a). 

Distributed Property shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.04(c). 

Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c), except that, as used
in Section 14.04 and Section 14.05, Effective Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split
or share combination, as applicable (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number
will not be considered regular way for purposes of this definition). 

4 

Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01.

Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock
trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or
market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of Common Stock under a separate ticker
symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose. 

Exempted Fundamental Change
shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(f). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exchange Election shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.12(a). 

Form of Assignment and Transfer shall mean the Form of Assignment and Transfer
attached as Attachment 3 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice shall mean the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Note shall mean the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Notice of Conversion shall mean the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Form
of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes
are originally issued if any of the following occurs prior to the Maturity Date: 

(a) a person or
group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, has become and files a Schedule TO
(or any successor schedule, form or report) or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Companys Common Stock (or such other Common Equity into which the Common Stock has been reclassified) representing more than 50% of the voting power of the
Companys Common Stock (or such other Common Equity into which the Common Stock has been reclassified), unless such beneficial ownership arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a public proxy or consent
solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act and is not also 

5 

then reportable on Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether such a filing has actually been made; provided that no person or
group shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or group until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or
exchange under such offer; 

(b) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common
Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision, a combination or a change in par value or from par value to no par value) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other
property or assets; (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which all of the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in
one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more of the Companys Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; provided,
however, that a transaction described in clause (A) or (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of Common Equity
of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions (relative to each other) as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction shall not be a
Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b); 

(c) the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the
liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 

(d) the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to
be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors); 

provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clause (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least
90% of the consideration received or to be received by the common stockholders of the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction
or transactions consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted
when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction or transactions such consideration becomes Reference Property for the Notes, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash
payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights (subject to the provisions of Section 14.07). If any Merger Event in which the Common Stock is replaced by the common stock of another entity occurs, from and after the effective
date of such Merger Event, references to the Company in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity. In addition, it shall not constitute a Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (d) above if (x) the Common Stock (or
other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) solely after the close of the regular

6 

trading session on any Scheduled Trading Day and (y) the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) is re-listed or re-quoted on one of The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) prior to open of the regular trading session on the immediately
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day. 

For purposes of this definition of Fundamental Change above, any transaction that constitutes a Fundamental
Change pursuant to both clause (a) and clause (b) of such definition (without giving effect to the proviso in clause (b)) shall be deemed a Fundamental Change solely under clause (b) of such definition (subject to the proviso in
clause (b)). 

Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(c). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(b)(i). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a). 

The terms given, mailed, notify or sent with respect to any notice
to be given to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture, shall mean notice (x) given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with
accepted practices or procedures at the Depositary (in the case of a Global Note) or (y) mailed to such Holder by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register (in the case of a Physical Note), in each
case, in accordance with Section 17.03. Notice so given shall be deemed to include any notice to be mailed or delivered, as applicable, under this Indenture. 

Global Note shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b). 

Holder, as applied to any Note, or other similar terms (but excluding the term beneficial holder), shall mean
any Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register. 

Indenture means this
instrument as originally executed or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented. 

Interest
Payment Date means each February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2025. 

last date
of original issuance means (a) with respect to any Notes issued on the date hereof, and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, the date the Company first issues such Notes; and (b) with respect to any
additional Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10, and any Note issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, either (i) the 

7 

later of (x) the date such Notes are originally issued and (y) the last date any Notes are originally issued as part of the same offering pursuant to the exercise of an option granted
to the initial purchasers of such Notes to purchase additional Notes; or (ii) such other date as is specified in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee before the original issuance of such Notes. 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) on any
date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in
composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is traded. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or
regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock (or such other security) in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale
Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock (or such other security) on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized
independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session
hours. 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change means any transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change (as defined
above and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof). 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a). 

Market Disruption Event means, for the purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion (a) a failure by the
primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence prior to 1:00 p.m., New York
City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock. 

Maturity Date means February 15, 2031. 

Measurement Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(i). 

Merger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a). 

Note or Notes shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture.

8 

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a). 

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(b). 

Observation Period with respect to any Note surrendered for conversion means: (i) subject to clause (ii), if the
relevant Conversion Date occurs prior to November 15, 2030, the 40 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day immediately succeeding such Conversion Date; (ii) if the relevant Conversion Date occurs
on or after the date of the Companys issuance of a Redemption Notice with respect to a Provisional Redemption or Par Redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 16.02 and prior to the relevant Redemption Date (as such Redemption Date may
be extended), the 40 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 41st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date; and (iii) subject to clause (ii), if the
relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after November 15, 2030, the 40 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 41st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity
Date. 

Officer means, with respect to the Company, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief
Accounting Officer, Chief Legal Officer, the Treasurer, the Secretary, or any President or Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the title President or Vice
President). 

Officers Certificate, when used with respect to the Company, means a certificate that is
delivered to the Trustee and that is signed by an Officer of the Company. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section. The Officer giving an
Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 4.08 shall be the principal executive, financial, legal or accounting officer of the Company. 

open of business means 9:00 a.m. (New York City time). 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed by legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the
Company, or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, that is delivered to the Trustee, which opinion may contain customary exceptions and qualifications as to the matters set forth therein. Each such opinion shall include the statements
provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section 17.05. 

outstanding, when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, mean, as of any
particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except: 

(a) Notes theretofore
canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation; 

(b) Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due
and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the
Company shall act as its own Paying Agent); 

9 

(c) Notes that have been paid pursuant to Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu
of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in
due course; 

(d) Notes converted pursuant to Article 14 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.08; and

(e) Notes redeemed pursuant to Article 16. 

Par Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01. 

Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02. 

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a
joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof. 

Physical Notes means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in minimum denominations of $1,000 principal
amount and integral multiples thereof. 

Physical Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a).

Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that
evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same
debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces. 

Provisional Redemption shall have the meaning
specified in Section 16.01. 

Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or
event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of
cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by
statute, by contract or otherwise). 

Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a). 

Redemption Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a). 

Redemption Notice Date means the date on which a Redemption Notice is delivered pursuant to Section 16.02. 

10 

Redemption Period means the period from, and including, the relevant
Redemption Notice Date until the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the related Redemption Date. 

Redemption Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 16.01, 100% of the principal amount of such
Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (unless the Redemption Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date, in which case interest
accrued to the Interest Payment Date will be paid to Holders of record of such Notes on such Regular Record Date, and the Redemption Price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes). 

Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a). 

Regular Record Date, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, shall mean the February 1 or August 1 (whether or
not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable February 15 and August 15 Interest Payment Date, respectively. 

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the
Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time
shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter relating to this Indenture is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who, in each case, shall have direct
responsibility for the administration of this Indenture. 

Restrictive Notes Legend shall have the meaning specified in
Section 2.05(c). 

Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Scheduled Trading Day means a day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional
securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Settlement Amount has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iv). 

Settlement Method means, with respect to any conversion of Notes, Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination
Settlement, as elected (or deemed to have been elected) by the Company. 

11 

Settlement Notice has the meaning specified in
Section 14.02(a)(iii). 

Significant Subsidiary for purposes of Section 6.01(g)-(i), means a Subsidiary of the
Company that meets the definition of significant subsidiary in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act promulgated by the Commission.

Specified Dollar Amount means the maximum cash amount (excluding any cash in lieu of fractional shares) per $1,000
principal amount of Notes to be received upon conversion as specified in the Settlement Notice related to any converted Notes (or deemed specified pursuant to Section 14.02(a)). 

Spin-Off shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

Stock Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c). 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which
more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners
or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Successor Company shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a). 

Trading Day means, except for purposes determining amounts due upon conversion as set forth below, a day on which
(i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional
securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is available on such
securities exchange or market; provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day; and provided, further, that for purposes of determining
amounts due upon conversion only, Trading Day means a day on which (x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or, if the Common Stock
is not then listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities
exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means a Business Day. 

12 

Trading Price of the Notes on any date of determination means the average
of the secondary market bid quotations obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized securities
dealers the Company selects for this purpose; provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained, then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only one such
bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, that one bid shall be used. 

If, on any determination date, the Bid
Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one bid for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes on such date from a nationally recognized securities dealer, then the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such determination date
shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. 

transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, as it was in force at the date of execution of this
Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date hereof, the term Trust Indenture Act shall mean, to the extent required by such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of
1939, as so amended. 

Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this
Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder. 

unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a). 

Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person, except that,
solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50% in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100%, the calculation of which shall exclude nominal amounts of the
voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests in the relevant Subsidiary not held by such Person to the extent required to satisfy local minority interest requirements outside of the United States. 

Section 1.02. References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect
of, any Note in this Indenture shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to either Section 4.06(d) or Section 6.03. Unless the context otherwise requires,
any express mention of Additional Interest in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. 

13 

ARTICLE 2 

ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATIONAND
EXCHANGEOF NOTES

Section 2.01. Designation and Amount. The Notes shall
be designated as the 4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is initially limited to $146,685,000, subject to Section 2.10 and
except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes to the extent expressly permitted hereunder. 

Section 2.02. Form of Notes. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall
be substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee,
by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. In the case of any conflict between this Indenture and a Note, the provisions of this Indenture shall control and govern to the
extent of such conflict. 

Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends or recitals or
changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture as may be required by the Custodian or the Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations of any
securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any
particular Notes are subject. 

Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such notations,
legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any law or
with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate any special
limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject. 

Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount of the
outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented
thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced to reflect redemptions, repurchases, cancellations, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the
amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes in accordance with this Indenture. Payment of
principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, a Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a record date or
other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein. 

14 

Section 2.03. Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted
Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication and shall bear
interest from the date specified on the face of such Note. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day
months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month. 

(b) The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Regular
Record Date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date. The Company shall pay (or cause the Paying Agent to pay) the principal amount of any Note (x) in the case of
any Physical Note, at the office or agency of the Company designated by the Company for such purposes in the United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office and (y) in the case of any Global Note, by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Company shall pay (or cause the Paying Agent to pay) interest (i) on any Physical Notes (A) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal
amount of $5,000,000 or less, by check mailed to the Holders of these Notes at their address as it appears in the Note Register and (B) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of more than $5,000,000, either by
check mailed to each such Holder or, upon application by such a Holder to the Note Registrar (containing the requisite information for the Trustee or Paying Agent to make such wire transfer) not later than the relevant Regular Record Date, by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to that Holders account within the United States of America if such Holder has provided the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) with the requisite information necessary
to make such wire transfer, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder notifies, in writing, the Note Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the
Depositary or its nominee. 

(c) Any Defaulted Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date but
shall accrue interest per annum at the rate borne by the Notes from, and including, such relevant payment date, and such Defaulted Amounts together with such interest thereon shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in
clause (i) or (ii) below: 

(i) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts to the Persons in whose
names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in
writing of the amount of the Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment (which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless the Trustee shall consent to an
earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit
on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause provided. 

15 

Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed
payment, and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment (unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date). The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of such special record date and
the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder at its address as it appears in the Note Register,
or by electronic means to the Depositary in the case of Global Notes, not less than 10 days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor having been so delivered,
such Defaulted Amounts shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause
(ii) of this Section 2.03(c). The Trustee shall have no responsibility whatsoever for the calculation of the Defaulted Amounts. 

(ii) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of
any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after written notice given by the Company
to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee. 

Section 2.04. Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the
Company by the manual, facsimile or other electronic signature of any of its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary or any of its Executive or Senior Vice Presidents. 

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to
the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such Notes, without any further action by the
Company hereunder; provided that, solely to the extent set forth in Section 17.05, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of the Company with respect to the issuance, authentication and
delivery of such Notes. 

Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on the
Form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, executed manually by an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 17.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture or be
valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered
hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture. 

16 

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Notes shall cease to be
such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by the Company, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the Person who signed such Notes
had not ceased to be such Officer of the Company; and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution
of this Indenture any such Person was not such an Officer. 

Section 2.05. Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes;
Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary. (a) The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office a register (the register maintained in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to
Section 4.02, the Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and of transfers of Notes. Such register shall be in written form
or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable period of time. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed the Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein
provided. The Company may appoint one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02. 

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar or any co-Note
Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall execute, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated
transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as may be required by this Indenture. 

Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes
to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding. 

All Notes presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange, repurchase or conversion shall (if so required by the
Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and duly executed,
by the Holder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing. 

No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note
Registrar or the Paying Agent for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company or the Trustee may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection
therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of transfer. 

17 

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any
co-Note Registrar shall be required to exchange or register a transfer of (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion thereof
surrendered for conversion, (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 15 or (iii) any Notes selected for redemption in accordance with Article 16, except the
unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. 

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes in
accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 

(b) So long as the Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless otherwise required by law, subject to the fourth
paragraph from the end of Section 2.05(c) all Notes shall be represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a Global Note) registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary. Each Global Note
shall bear the legend required on a Global Note set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note that does not involve the issuance of a Physical Note shall be effected through the Depositary (but not
the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with this Indenture (including the restrictions on transfer set forth herein) and the applicable procedures of the Depositary therefor. 

(c) Every Note that bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the Restrictive Notes Legend (together with any Common Stock
issued upon conversion of the Notes that is required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), collectively, the Restricted Securities) shall be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this
Section 2.05(c) (including the Restrictive Notes Legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or otherwise waived by written consent of the Company, and the Holder of each such Restricted Security, by such
Holders acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c) and Section 2.05(d), the term transfer encompasses any sale, pledge, transfer or other
disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security. 

Any certificate evidencing a Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or
substitution thereof, other than Common Stock, if any, issued upon conversion thereof, which shall bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), if applicable) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (the Restrictive
Notes Legend) (unless (x) such Notes have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer,
(y) such Notes have been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or (z) otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the
Trustee): 

18 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE REALREAL, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT: 

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF,
OR 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D)
ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR THE COMPANY TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

No transfer of any Note required to bear the Restrictive Notes Legend above will be registered by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box
on the Form of Assignment and Transfer has been checked. 

Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) (i) that
has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become effective or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (ii) that has been sold pursuant to the
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, shall, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.05, be
exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not bear the Restrictive Notes Legend required by this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall be
entitled to instruct the Custodian in writing to 

19 

so surrender any Global Note as to which any of the conditions set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence have been satisfied, and, upon such instruction, the
Custodian shall so surrender such Global Note for exchange; and any new Global Note so exchanged therefor shall not bear the Restrictive Notes Legend specified in this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The
Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the Notes or any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act. 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture (other than the provisions set forth in this Section 2.05(c)), a Global Note may
not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a
successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and (ii) for exchange of a Global Note or a portion thereof for one or more Physical Notes in accordance with the second immediately succeeding paragraph. 

The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to
act as Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the Depositary, and deposited with the Trustee as custodian for
Cede & Co. 

If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as
depositary for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days or
(iii) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and, subject to the Depositarys applicable procedures, a beneficial owner of any Note requests that its beneficial interest therein be issued as a Physical
Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver (x) in the case of clause (iii), a Physical Note to
such beneficial owner in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Note corresponding to such beneficial owners beneficial interest and (y) in the case of clause (i) or (ii), Physical Notes to each beneficial owner of
the related Global Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Global Notes in exchange for such Global Notes, and upon delivery of the Global Notes to the Trustee such Global Notes
shall be canceled. 

Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be
registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, or, in the case of clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph, the
relevant beneficial owner shall instruct the Trustee in writing. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes to the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so registered. 

20 

At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted, canceled, redeemed,
repurchased upon a Fundamental Change or transferred, such Global Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee in accordance with standing procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time
prior to such cancellation, if any interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, canceled, redeemed, repurchased upon a Fundamental Change or transferred to a transferee who receives Physical Notes therefor or any Physical
Note is exchanged or transferred for part of such Global Note, the principal amount of such Global Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately reduced or
increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase. 

None of the Company, the Trustee (including in its capacity as Paying Agent) or any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any
responsibility or liability for any act or omission of the Depositary or for the payment of amounts to owners of beneficial interest in a Global Note, for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership
interests of a Global Note or maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 

(d) Any
stock certificate representing Common Stock issued upon conversion of a Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless (w) such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been
declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, (x) such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision
then in force under the Securities Act, (y) such Common Stock has been issued upon conversion of a Note that has been transferred (I) pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act
and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or (II) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or (z) otherwise agreed by the
Company with written notice thereof to the Trustee and any transfer agent for the Common Stock): 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL
INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE REALREAL, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT: 

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF,
OR 

21 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE
(2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR THE COMPANY TO
DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT. 

Any such Common Stock (i) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared
effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (ii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the
Securities Act, shall, upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer agent for the Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a
like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(d). 

(e)
Any Note or Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exchange of a Note that is repurchased or owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during the three months preceding)
may not be resold by the Company or such Affiliate (or such Person, as the case may be) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that
results in such Note or Common Stock, as the case may be, no longer being a restricted security (as defined under Rule 144). The Company may cause any Note that is repurchased or owned by it to be surrendered to the Trustee for
cancellation in accordance with Section 2.08. 

(f) The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as
to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of
interests in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same
to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. 

22 

(g) Neither the Trustee nor any agent shall have any responsibility or liability for any
actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. 

Section 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In case any
Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon its written request the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note, bearing
a registration number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall
furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless from any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such
substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such
Note and of the ownership thereof. 

The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted Note and deliver the
same upon the receipt of such security or indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating agent may require. No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute Note, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required
in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In case any Note that has matured or is
about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase or is about to be converted in accordance with Article 14 shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion, instead of issuing a
substitute Note, pay or authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish
to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such
substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.06 by virtue of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost
or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations
set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express condition that the foregoing provisions are exclusive
with respect to the replacement, payment, 

23 

conversion, redemption or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter
enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement, payment, conversion, redemption or repurchase of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender. 

Section 2.07. Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Physical Notes, the Company may execute and the Trustee or an
authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall, upon written request of the Company, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination, and substantially in the
form of the Physical Notes but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the
Trustee or such authenticating agent upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Physical Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Trustee or such
authenticating agent Physical Notes (other than any Global Note) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than any Global Note) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at each office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to
Section 4.02 and the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes. Such exchange shall be made by the Company at its own expense
and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Physical Notes authenticated and delivered hereunder. 

Section 2.08. Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment
at maturity, repurchase upon a Fundamental Change, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion (other than any Notes exchanged pursuant to Section 14.12), if surrendered to the Company or any of its agents, Subsidiaries or
Affiliates, in each case, that the Company controls, to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation and such Notes shall no longer be considered outstanding under this Indenture upon the payment at maturity, repurchase upon a Fundamental Change,
redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion (other than any Notes exchanged pursuant to Section 14.12). All Notes delivered to the Trustee shall be canceled promptly by it, in accordance with its customary procedures. Except
for Notes surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, no Notes shall be authenticated in exchange therefor except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture. The Trustee shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance
with its customary procedures and, after such disposition, shall deliver evidence of such disposition to the Company upon the Companys written request. 

Section 2.09. CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use),
and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices issued to Holders as a convenience to such Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either
as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers. 

24 

Section 2.10. Additional Notes; Repurchases. The Company may, without the
consent of, or notice to, the Holders and notwithstanding Section 2.01, reopen this Indenture and issue additional Notes hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder (other than differences in the issue date, the issue
price, interest accrued prior to the issue date of such additional Notes and, if applicable, restrictions on transfer in respect of such additional Notes (including pursuant to Section 2.05 hereunder)) in an unlimited aggregate principal
amount; provided that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal securities law or income tax purposes, such additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Prior
to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee a Company Order, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters required by
Section 17.05, as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition, the Company may, to the extent permitted by law, and, without the consent of or notice to the Holders, directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered
to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a privately negotiated transaction or public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties to private agreements, including
by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives. The Company may, at its option and to the extent permitted by applicable law, reissue, resell or surrender to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.08 any Notes that the Company
may repurchase, in the case of a reissuance or resale, so long as such Notes do not constitute restricted securities (as defined under Rule 144) upon such reissuance or resale; provided that if any such reissued or resold Notes
are not fungible with the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal securities law or income tax purposes, such additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Any Notes that the Company may repurchase (other than in
connection with a Fundamental Change) shall be considered outstanding for all purposes under this Indenture (other than, at any time when such Notes are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company
or any Subsidiary thereof, as set forth in Section 8.04) unless and until such time the Company surrenders them to the Trustee for cancellation and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall cancel all Notes so surrendered. 

ARTICLE 3 

SATISFACTIONAND DISCHARGE

Section 3.01. Satisfaction and Discharge. (a) This Indenture and the Notes shall cease to be of further effect when
(i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (x) Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.06 and (y) Notes for whose payment
money has heretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 4.04(d)) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;
or (ii) the Company has deposited with the Trustee or delivered to Holders, as applicable, after the Notes have become due and payable, whether on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, upon conversion
or otherwise, cash or cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof, as applicable, solely to satisfy the Companys Conversion Obligation, sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this
Indenture or the Notes by the Company; and (b) the Trustee upon request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate and at the expense of the Company, shall execute such instruments reasonably requested by the Company

25 

acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes, when the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that
all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the
Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive. 

ARTICLE 4 

PARTICULAR COVENANTSOFTHE COMPANY

Section 4.01. Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be paid the
principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the
Notes. 

Any applicable withholding taxes (including backup withholding) may be withheld from payments of interest and payments (or amounts
or proceeds deliverable) upon conversion, repurchase or maturity of the Notes, or if any withholding taxes (including backup withholding) are paid on behalf of a Holder or beneficial owner, those withholding taxes may be withheld from payments (or
amounts or proceeds deliverable) of cash or Common Stock, if any, payable (or deliverable) on the Notes (or, in some circumstances, any payments on the Common Stock) or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, the Holder or
beneficial owner. 

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain in the United States of
America an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase (Paying Agent) or for conversion (Conversion Agent) and where
notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time
the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office in the
United States of America as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer. 

The Company may also from
time to time designate as co-Note Registrars one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such
designations; provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the United States of America so designated by the Trustee as a place for such purposes.
The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. The terms Paying Agent and Conversion Agent
include any such additional or other offices or agencies, as applicable. 

26 

The Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Note Registrar,
Custodian and Conversion Agent and the Corporate Trust Office as the office or agency in the United States of America where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase or for
conversion and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served; provided that the Corporate Trust Office shall not be a place for service of legal process on the Company. 

Section 4.03. Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office. The Company, whenever necessary to
avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.09, a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder. 

Section 4.04. Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee,
the Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04: 

(i) that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price, the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes; 

(ii) that it will give the Trustee prompt written notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal
(including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and 

(iii) that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the
Trustee all sums so held in trust. 

The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price, the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,
if applicable) or accrued and unpaid interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action; provided that if such deposit is made on the due date,
such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date. 

(b) If the Company shall act as its
own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, set aside, segregate and hold in
trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) and accrued and unpaid interest so becoming due and will promptly
notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and
unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable. 

27 

(c) Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at
any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as
required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying Agent shall be
released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i), the Trustee shall automatically become the Paying Agent. 

(d) Subject to applicable escheatment laws, any money or property deposited with the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or any Paying Agent, or
then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note
and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), interest or consideration due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the
Company on request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust and the Trustee, Conversion Agent or Paying Agent, as applicable, shall have no further liability with
respect to such funds; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee, Conversion Agent or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust
money and shares of Common Stock, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease. 

Section 4.05.
Existence. Subject to Article 11, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence. 

Section 4.06. Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports. (a) At any time the Company is not subject to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule
144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, promptly provide to the Trustee and will, upon written request, provide to any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes,
the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144A. 

(b) The Company shall file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission (giving effect to any
grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule) under the Exchange Act), copies of any annual or quarterly reports (on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q or any respective successor form) that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (excluding any such information, documents or reports, or
portions thereof, subject to confidential treatment and any correspondence with the Commission). Any such document or report that the Company files with the Commission via the Commissions EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) shall be deemed
to be filed with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.06(b) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto), it being understood that the Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether such
filings have been made. 

28 

(c) Delivery of the reports and documents described in subsection (b) above to the
Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys
compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on an Officers Certificate). 

(d) If, at any time after the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, the Company has failed to file
any report or other materials that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods
thereunder and other than current reports on Form 8-K (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to include any grace period provided for by Rule 12b-25 whether
or not the Company checks the box in the relevant Rule 12b-25 filing indicating the Company expects to file such report within the applicable Rule 12b-25 grace period)),
or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (as a result of
restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes), the Company shall pay Additional Interest on the Notes. Such Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes at the rate of 0.25% per annum of the principal
amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during the first 90 days of such period for which the Companys failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other
than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that have been the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding) (as a result of restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or
the Notes) and (ii) at the rate of 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding for each day after the 90th day of such period for which the Companys failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not
otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that have been the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding) (as a result of restrictions
pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes). As used in this Section 4.06(d), reports or other materials that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act do not include reports or other materials that the Company furnishes to the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

(e) [Reserved] 

(f) Additional
Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date following accrual in the same manner as regular interest on the Notes; provided, however, that if a failure to file giving rise to the Companys obligation to pay
Additional Interest pursuant to Section 4.06(d) initially occurs on or after the close of business on a Regular Record Date and prior to the open of business on the corresponding Interest Payment Date, the Additional Interest that accrues
during such period will be due on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding such corresponding Interest Payment Date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of such delay. 

29 

(g) Subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the Additional Interest that is payable
in accordance with Section 4.06(d)shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any Additional Interest that may be payable as a result of the Companys election pursuant to Section 6.03. However, in no event shall Additional Interest
payable for the Companys failure to comply with its obligations to file any report or other materials that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after
giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder, including any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule, which grace period, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed applicable
whether or not the Company checks the box in the relevant Rule 12b-25 filing indicating the Company expects to file such report within the applicable Rule 12b-25 grace
period), and other than current reports on Form 8-K), as set forth in Section 4.06(d), together with any Additional Interest that may accrue in the event the Company elects to pay Additional Interest in
respect of an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its reporting obligations pursuant to Section 6.03), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of
events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest. 

(h) If Additional Interest is payable by the
Company pursuant to Section 4.06(d), the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable and (ii) the date on which such Additional
Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such Officers Certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no such Additional Interest is payable. If the Company has
paid Additional Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment. 

(i) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.05(c) or Section 2.05(d), if a Holder of any Note or a holder of any share of
Common Stock issued upon conversion of any Note, or an owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note, or in a global certificate representing any share of Common Stock issued upon conversion of any Note, transfers such Note or share of Common
Stock in compliance with Rule 144 and delivers to the Company a written request, certifying that it is not, and has not been at any time during the preceding three months, an Affiliate of the Company, to reissue such Note or share of Common Stock
without a restrictive legend, then the Company shall cause the same to occur promptly following such request (and, if applicable, cause such Note or share of Common Stock to thereafter be represented by an unrestricted CUSIP number in
the facilities of the related Depositary), and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such occurrence within two Trading Days of such request. 

Section 4.07. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it
shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal
of or interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby
expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every
such power as though no such law had been enacted. 

30 

Section 4.08. Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults. The
Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2025) an Officers Certificate stating whether the signers thereof have knowledge
of any Event of Default under the Indenture that occurred during such fiscal year and, if so, specifying each such Event of Default and the nature thereof. 

In addition, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any Event of Default or
Default, an Officers Certificate setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default, its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof; provided that the Company is not required to
deliver such notice if such Event of Default or Default has been cured or is no longer continuing. 

Section 4.09. Further
Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this
Indenture. 

ARTICLE 5 

LISTSOF HOLDERSAND REPORTSBYTHE
COMPANYANDTHE TRUSTEE

Section 5.01. Lists of Holders.
The Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, not more than 15 days after each February 1 and August 1 in each year beginning with August 1, 2025, and at such other
times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide any notice to be provided by it
hereunder), a list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices)
prior to the time such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the Trustee is acting as Note Registrar. 

Section 5.02. Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably
practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee
may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished. 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTSAND REMEDIES

Section 6.01. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default with respect
to the Notes: 

(a) default in any payment of interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days;

31 

(b) default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity
Date, upon Provisional Redemption or Par Redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; 

(c)
failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with this Indenture upon exercise of a Holders conversion right, and such failure continues for five (5) Business Days; 

(d) failure by the Company to issue a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 15.02(c), notice of a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change in accordance with Section 14.03(b) or notice of a specified corporate event in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(ii) or (iii), in each case when due and such failure continues for five (5) Business Days; 

(e) failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under Article 11; 

(f) failure by the Company for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of
the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or this Indenture; 

(g) default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under
which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $20,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary,
whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any
such indebtedness when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), such
acceleration shall not, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged, as the case may be,
within 30 days after written notice to the Company from the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee from Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding in accordance with this Indenture; 

(h) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of $20,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts covered
by insurance) in the aggregate rendered against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary, which judgment is not discharged, bonded, paid, waived or stayed within 60 days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no
such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; 

(i) the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now
or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, 

32 

custodian or other similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or
taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; or 

(j) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator,
custodian or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

Section 6.02. Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. If one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
(whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or
governmental body), then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) with respect to the Company), unless the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on
all of the outstanding Notes shall have already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, by notice in
writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same
shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable, anything contained in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) with respect
to the Company occurs and is continuing, 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the outstanding Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the
part of the Trustee or any Holder. 

The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions that if, at any time after
the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, and if (1) rescission would not conflict
with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) any and all existing Events of Default under this Indenture, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on Notes that shall
have become due solely by such acceleration, shall have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 6.09, then and in every such case (except as provided in the immediately succeeding sentence) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes then outstanding (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events
of Default with respect to the Notes and rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this

33 

Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any Default or Event of Default resulting from (i) the nonpayment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, any Notes, (ii) a failure to repurchase any Notes when required or (iii) a failure to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion
of the Notes. 

For the avoidance of doubt, any failure by the Company to provide any notice under this Indenture (other than as set forth
in Section 6.01(d)) shall be subject to Section 6.01(f) (including the 60-day cure period contained therein), and any related Default or Event of Default shall be deemed cured upon delivery of such
notice to the applicable recipient prior to (i) the expiration of such 60-day period provided for in Section 6.01(f) or (ii) if later, the delivery of a notice of acceleration with respect to
such Event of Default, in each case, whether or not the events or circumstances that are the subject of such notice have already occurred at the time such notice is given. 

Section 6.03. Additional Interest. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the
Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) shall, for the first 360 calendar days after the occurrence of such an Event of
Default (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will commence the 60th calendar day after notice is provided in accordance with Section 6.01(f)), consist exclusively of the right to receive Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to (i)
0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during the first 180 calendar days of the 360-day period after the occurrence of such an Event of Default during which such Event
of Default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such Event of Default is cured or waived as provided for in this Indenture) and (ii) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day from, and including, the
181st calendar day to, and including, the 360th calendar day after the occurrence of such an Event of Default during which such Event of Default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such Event of Default is cured or waived as provided
for in this Indenture). Subject to the last paragraph of this Section 6.03, Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Additional Interest payable pursuant to
Section 4.06(d). If the Company so elects, such Additional Interest shall be payable in the same manner and on the same dates as the stated interest payable on the Notes. On the 361st day after such Event of Default (if the Event of Default
relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) is not cured or waived prior to such 361st day), the Notes shall be subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. The provisions
of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders in the event of the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b). In the event the Company does
not elect to pay Additional Interest following an Event of Default in accordance with this Section 6.03 or the Company elected to make such payment but does not pay the Additional Interest when due, the Notes shall be immediately subject to
acceleration as provided in Section 6.02 as a result of the Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(f) if such Event of Default is then continuing. 

34 

In order to elect to pay Additional Interest as the sole remedy during the first 360 days
after the occurrence of any Event of Default described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company must notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent in writing of such election prior to the beginning of such 360-day period. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. 

In no event shall Additional Interest accrue under the terms of this Indenture (aggregating any Additional Interest payable pursuant to this
Section 6.03 with any Additional Interest payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d)) at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest. 

Section 6.04. Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of
Section 6.01 shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest,
if any, with interest on any overdue principal and interest, if any, at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06.
If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such
proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any
other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated. 

In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the
reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes under Title 11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar
official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Company or such other obligor, the property of the Company or such other obligor, or in the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company or such other obligor upon
the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Company or such other obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of
whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of
principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in respect of the Notes, and, in case of any judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in
order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the
Company or any other obligor on the Notes, its or their creditors, or its or their property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction of any
amounts due to the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder under Section 7.06; and any receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to
make such payments to the Trustee, as 

35 

administrative expenses, and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder any
amount due it for reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel fees, and including any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution. To
the extent that such payment of reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements out of the estate in any such proceedings shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any
and all distributions, dividends, monies, securities and other property that the Holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any
plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting such Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the
possession of any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery
of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the
Notes. 

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture
to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings. 

In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or
abandoned because of any waiver pursuant to Section 6.09 or any rescission and annulment pursuant to Section 6.02 or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company, the
Holders and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall continue
as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 

Section 6.05. Application of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies
or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with respect to the Notes shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies, upon presentation of the several Notes,
and stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid: 

First, to the payment of all
amounts due the Trustee in all of its capacities under Section 7.06; 

36 

Second, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall not have become due and
be unpaid, to the payment of interest on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest (to the extent that
such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto; 

Third, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment
of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on
the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole
amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or priority of
principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption
Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and accrued and unpaid interest; and 

Fourth, to
the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company. 

Section 6.06. Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the
right to receive payment of principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) or interest when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder
of any Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a
receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless: 

(a) such Holder previously
shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as herein provided; 

(b) Holders of
at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder; 

(c) such Holders shall have offered, and if requested, provided, to the Trustee such security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it
against any loss, liability or expense to be incurred therein or thereby; 

(d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice,
request and offer of such security or indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding; and 

37 

(e) no direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written
request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding within such 60-day period pursuant to Section 6.09, it being
understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of
any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder (it being understood that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any such direction is unduly prejudicial to any other
Holder), or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder, or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as
otherwise provided herein). For the protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision of any Note, the right of any Holder to receive payment or delivery,
as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of,
such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in this Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be, on or after such respective dates against the
Company shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder. 

Section 6.07. Proceedings by Trustee. In
case of an Event of Default, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as are necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by
suit in equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or to
enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law. 

Section 6.08. Remedies Cumulative
and Continuing. Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by this Article 6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive
of any thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this Indenture, and
no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or
Event of Default or any acquiescence therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06, every power and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be
deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders. 

38 

Section 6.09. Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of
Holders. The Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or
with this Indenture, and (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction. The Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that it determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights
of any other Holder or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability (it being understood that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any such direction is unduly prejudicial to any other Holder). The
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its
consequences except (i) any continuing defaults relating to the nonpayment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, or the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, the Notes
when due that has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, (ii) a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iii) a default in respect of a
covenant or provision hereof which under Article 10 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to
their former positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default hereunder shall have been waived as
permitted by this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or
Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 6.10. Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, within
90 days after the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default of which the Trustee has actual knowledge, deliver to all Holders notice of all such Defaults and Events of Default, unless such Defaults or Events of Default shall have
been cured or waived before the giving of such notice; provided that, except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if
applicable), or accrued and unpaid interest on, any of the Notes or a Default or Event of Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as it in
good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders. 

Section 6.11. Undertaking to Pay
Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under
this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess
reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided that the
provisions of this Section 6.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in

39 

principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal
of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note (including, but not limited to, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit
for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note in accordance with the provisions of Article 14. 

ARTICLE 7 

CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE

Section 7.01. Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after
the curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture. In the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons
own affairs; provided that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such
Holders have offered (and, if requested, provided) to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly
negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that: 

(a) prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the
curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred: 

(i) the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be
determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations
shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(ii) in the absence of bad faith or willful misconduct on the
part of the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this
Indenture; but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform
to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein); 

40 

(b) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a
Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; 

(c) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the
direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined as provided in Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any
remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture; 

(d) whether or not
therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section; 

(e) the Trustee shall not be liable in respect of any payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters
relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent or any records maintained by any co-Note Registrar with respect to the Notes; 

(f) if any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this Indenture, requires notice to be sent to
the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event occurred, unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of such event; 

(g) in the absence of written investment direction from the Company, all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in a non-interest bearing trust account, and in no event shall the Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses incurred thereon or for losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any
such investment prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investments prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investment to provide timely written investment direction, and the Trustee shall
have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder in the absence of such written investment direction from the Company; 

(h) in the event that the Trustee is also acting as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or
transfer agent hereunder, the rights and protections afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 shall also be afforded to such Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or transfer agent; and 

(i) under no circumstances shall the Trustee be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes. 

None of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal
financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers. 

41 

Section 7.02. Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. Except as otherwise provided
in Section 7.01: 

(a) the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting upon any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, note, coupon or other paper or document (whether in its original or facsimile form) believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the
proper party or parties; 

(b) any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall, if requested by the Trustee,
be sufficiently evidenced by an Officers Certificate (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed); and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary of the Company; 

(c) the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and require an Opinion of Counsel in
accordance with Section 17.05 and any written or verbal advice of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in
accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel;

(d) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the
facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry
or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent
or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation; 

(e) the
Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the
part of any agent, custodian, nominee or attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder; 

(f) the permissive rights of the Trustee
enumerated herein shall not be construed as duties; 

(g) the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the
performance of its powers and duties hereunder; 

(h) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the
names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture; and 

(i)
neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be obligated to take possession of any Common Stock, whether upon conversion of Notes or in connection with any discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Article 3 hereof, but shall satisfy its
obligation as Conversion Agent by working through the stock transfer agent of the Company from time to time as directed by the Company. 

42 

In no event shall the Trustee be liable for any consequential, punitive, special or indirect
loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of
any Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes, unless either (1) a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default or (2) written notice of such Default or Event of Default shall have been
given to the Trustee by the Company or by any Holder of the Notes at the Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the Notes and/or this Indenture. 

Section 7.03. No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustees
certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of
the Notes or the Common Stock. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture or
any money paid to the Company or upon the Companys direction under any provision of the Indenture. 

Section 7.04. Trustee,
Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company or any Affiliate thereof) or Note Registrar,
in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar. 

Section 7.05. Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust. All monies and any shares of Common Stock received by
the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received. Money and shares of Common Stock held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds or property
except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money or shares of Common Stock received by it hereunder except as may be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee. 

Section 7.06. Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee, in any capacity
under this Indenture, from time to time, and the Trustee shall receive such compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an
express trust) as mutually agreed to in writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances reasonably incurred or made by the
Trustee in accordance with any of the provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of all Persons not regularly in its employ) except
any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. The
Company also covenants to indemnify the Trustee in any capacity under this Indenture and any other document or transaction entered into in connection herewith and its officers, directors, employees and agents and any authenticating

43 

agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim (whether asserted by the Company, a Holder or any Person), damage, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence or willful
misconduct on the part of the Trustee, its officers, directors, agents or employees, or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be, as determined by a final, non-appealable decision of a court of
competent jurisdiction, and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture or in any other capacity hereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim of liability in the
premises or the enforcement of this Section 7.06. The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be secured
by a senior lien to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect of Section 6.05, funds held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular
Notes. The Trustees right to receive payment of any amounts due under this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to any other liability or indebtedness of the Company. The obligation of the Company under this Section 7.06 shall
survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The
indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees of the Trustee and any successor Trustee. 

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating
agent incur expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws. 

Section 7.07. Officers Certificate as Evidence. Except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder,
such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an
Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such Officers Certificate, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it
under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof. 

Section 7.08. Eligibility of Trustee. There shall at
all times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act (as if, for this purpose, the Trust Indenture Act were applicable hereto) to act as such and has a combined capital and surplus of at least
$50,000,000. If such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Person
shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign
immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article. 

44 

Section 7.09. Resignation or Removal of Trustee. (a) The Trustee may
at any time resign by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the Holders. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor trustee by written instrument,
in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted
appointment within 45 days after the giving of such notice of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, upon ten Business Days notice to the Company and the Holders and at the expense of the Company, petition any court of
competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on
behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor
trustee. 

(b) In case at any time any of the following shall occur: 

(i) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign
after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or 

(ii) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting,
or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation,
conservation or liquidation, 

then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee by written
instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, any Holder
who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of
the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee. 

(c) The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, as determined in accordance with
Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor trustee unless within ten days after notice to the Company of such nomination the Company objects thereto, in which
case the Trustee so removed or any Holder, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as in Section 7.09(a) provided, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for an appointment of a successor trustee. 

45 

(d) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor trustee
pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 7.09 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee as provided in Section 7.10. 

Section 7.10. Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor trustee appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall
execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee shall become effective and such successor trustee,
without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request
of the Company or of the successor trustee, the trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor trustee all the
rights and powers of the trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor trustee all such
rights and powers. Any trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior lien to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such trustee as such, except for funds held in trust for the benefit
of Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06. 

No successor trustee
shall accept appointment as provided in this Section 7.10 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08. 

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided in this Section 7.10, each of the Company and the successor trustee, at
the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered notice of the succession of such trustee hereunder to the Holders. If the Company fails to deliver such notice within ten days after acceptance of
appointment by the successor trustee, the successor trustee shall cause such notice to be delivered at the expense of the Company. 

Section 7.11. Succession by Merger, Etc. Any corporation or other entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with
which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate
trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of this Indenture), shall be the successor to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided
that in the case of any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee such corporation or other entity shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08. 

46 

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by
this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor trustee,
and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor trustee may authenticate such Notes either in
the name of any predecessor trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the
Trustee shall have; provided, however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors
by merger, conversion or consolidation. 

Section 7.12. Trustees Application for Instructions from the
Company. Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken or omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders of the Notes under
this Indenture) may, at the option of the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective.
The Trustee shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than
three Business Days after the date any officer that the Company has indicated to the Trustee should receive such application actually receives such application, unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date), unless,
prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.

ARTICLE 8 

CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS

Section 8.01. Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the
Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of
the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders.
Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may fix, but shall not be required to, in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders
entitled to take such action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of solicitation of such action. 

Section 8.02. Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and
Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be
satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any Holders meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 9.06. 

47 

Section 8.03. Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee,
any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not
such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than the Company or any Note Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal (including any
Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes under this Indenture; and neither the Company nor
the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. The sole registered holder of a Global Note shall be the Depositary or its nominee. All such payments or deliveries so
made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or shares deliverable upon
any such Note. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes following an Event of Default, any owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note may directly enforce against the Company, without the consent, solicitation,
proxy, authorization or any other action of the Depositary or any other Person, such holders right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Note in certificated form in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. 

Section 8.04. Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal
amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under
direct or indirect common control with the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee
shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that a Responsible Officer actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as
outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or a
Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Company or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision or indecision by the Trustee taken upon the
advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or
held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons; and, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that
all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination. 

Section 8.05. Revocation of Consents;
Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes
specified in this Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice with the Trustee at its
Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in Section 8.02, revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, 

48 

any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any Notes issued in exchange or
substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof. 

ARTICLE 9 

HOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 9.01. Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the
provisions of this Article 9 for any of the following purposes: 

(a) to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any
directions to the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under this Indenture) and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be
taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6; 

(b) to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to
the provisions of Article 7; 

(c) to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions
of Section 10.02; or 

(d) to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate
principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law. 

Section 9.02. Call of Meetings
by Trustee. The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting
forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section 8.01, shall be delivered to Holders of such Notes. Such notice shall
also be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20 nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting. 

Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if
notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice. 

Section 9.03. Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution, or
the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the
meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take any
action authorized in Section 9.01, by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02. 

49 

Section 9.04. Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any
meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date
pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and
any representatives of the Company and its counsel. 

Section 9.05. Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of
this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of
inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall think fit. 

The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the
Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.03, in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the
meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each
$1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting
to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of
Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not
constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice. 

Section 9.06. Voting. The
vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held
or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their
verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original
reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the 

50 

notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02. The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of or against
any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee,
the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. 

Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of
the matters therein stated. 

Section 9.07. No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in this Article 9 shall be
deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred upon or
reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes. Nothing contained in this Article 9 shall be deemed or construed to limit any Holders actions pursuant to the applicable procedures of the
Depositary so long as the Notes are Global Notes. 

ARTICLE 10 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. Without the consent of any Holder, the Company and the
Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following purposes: 

(a) to cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect or inconsistency that does not adversely affect the Holders in any material respect; 

(b) to provide for the assumption by a Successor Company of the obligations of the Company under this Indenture pursuant to Article 11; 

(c) to add guarantees with respect to the Notes; 

(d) to secure the Notes; 

(e)
to add to the covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company under this Indenture; 

(f) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder, as determined by the Company in good faith; 

(g) to provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Conversion
Agent or to facilitate the administration of the trusts by more than one trustee; 

51 

(h) in connection with any Merger Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into
Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07; 

(i) to comply with the rules of the Depositary in a manner that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;

(j) [reserved]; 

(k) to
increase the Conversion Rate as provided in this Indenture; 

(l) to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with
Section 2.10; or 

(m) to irrevocably elect a Settlement Method or a Specified Dollar Amount, or eliminate the Companys right to
elect a Settlement Method; provided, however, that no such settlement election or elimination will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to Article 14. 

Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental
indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, except that the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the
Trustees own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 

Any supplemental indenture authorized by
the provisions of this Section 10.01 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 10.02. 

Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 8) of
the Holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article 8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or
exchange offer for, the Notes), the Company and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Notes or any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that, without the consent of each Holder of an
outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall: 

(a) reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an
amendment, supplement or waiver; 

(b) reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any Note; 

(c) reduce the principal of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note; 

52 

(d) make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes other than as
required by this Indenture; 

(e) reduce the Redemption Price or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of any Note or amend or modify in
any manner adverse to the Holders the Companys obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants, definitions or otherwise; 

(f) make any Note payable in a currency, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in the Note; 

(g) change the ranking of the Notes; 

(h) [Reserved]; or 

(i) make
any change in this Article 10 that requires each Holders consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 6.02 or Section 6.09. 

Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject
to Section 10.05, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustees own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or
otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture. 

Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be
sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental indenture becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee) a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture.
However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture. 

Section 10.03. Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the
provisions of this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the
Company and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be
part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes. 

Section 10.04. Notation on Notes. Notes
authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Companys request and expense, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter
provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any modification of this Indenture contained in any such
supplemental indenture may, at the Companys expense, be prepared and executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee (or an authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 17.10) and delivered in exchange for
the Notes then outstanding, upon surrender of such Notes then outstanding. 

53 

Section 10.05. Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished
Trustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any supplemental indenture executed pursuant hereto
complies with the requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by this Indenture and that the supplemental indenture constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

ARTICLE 11 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCEAND LEASE

Section 11.01. Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject to the provisions of Section 11.02, the Company
shall not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (other than one or more of
its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries) (a Business Combination Event), unless: 

(a) the resulting, surviving or transferee
Person (the Successor Company), if not the Company, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Company (if not the
Company) shall expressly assume by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and this Indenture; and 

(b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this
Indenture. 

Section 11.02. Successor Corporation to Be Substituted. In case of any such Business Combination Event and
upon the assumption by the Successor Company, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the
Notes, the due and punctual delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Company,
such Successor Company (if not the Company) shall succeed to and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be substituted for the
Company, with the same effect as if it had been named herein as the party of the first part, and may thereafter exercise every right and power of the Company under this Indenture. Such Successor Company thereupon may cause to be signed, and may
issue either in its own name or in the name of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the order of such Successor Company instead of
the Company and subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in this Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and
delivered by the Officers of the Company to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Company thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the 

54 

Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with
the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or transfer (but not in the case of a lease), upon compliance with this
Article 11 the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture (or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article 11) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any
time thereafter and, except in the case of a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. 

In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease, such changes in phraseology and form (but not in substance)
may be made in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate. 

ARTICLE 12 

IMMUNITYOF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERSAND
DIRECTORS

Section 12.01. Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations. No recourse for the payment
of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest on any Note, nor for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any
supplemental indenture or in any Note, nor because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, employee, agent, Officer or director or Subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of
the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it
being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes. 

ARTICLE 13 

INTENTIONALLY OMITTED

ARTICLE 14 

CONVERSIONOF NOTES

Section 14.01. Conversion Privilege. (a) Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 14, each
Holder of a Note shall have the right, at such Holders option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the
conditions described in Section 14.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding November 15, 2030 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 14.01(b), and
(ii) regardless of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), on or after November 15, 2030 and prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial
conversion rate of 95.5795 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement
provisions of Section 14.02, the Conversion Obligation). 

55 

(b) (i) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding
November 15, 2030, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during the five Business Day period immediately after any five consecutive Trading Day period (the Measurement Period) in
which the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this Section 14.01(b)(i), for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than 98% of the product of
the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on each such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day. The Trading Prices shall be solicited by the Bid Solicitation Agent and determined by the Company pursuant to this
Section 14.01(b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this Indenture. The Company shall provide written notice to the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) of the three independent nationally recognized securities
dealers selected by the Company pursuant to the definition of Trading Price, along with appropriate contact information for each. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall have no obligation to solicit the Trading Price per $1,000
principal amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such solicitation in writing, and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request (or, if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall have no obligation to
solicit and/or determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes) unless a Holder of at least $5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes would be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate, at which time the Company shall instruct the three independent nationally recognized securities dealers to deliver
bids and instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) to solicit, or if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall solicit such bids beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day
until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. The Company will determine the Trading Price in accordance with
the bids solicited by the Bid Solicitation Agent. If (x) the Company is not acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, and the Company does not, when the Company is required to, instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent in writing to obtain the Trading Price
per $1,000 principal amount of Notes when obligated as provided in this Section 14.01(b)(i), or if the Company so instructs the Bid Solicitation Agent to obtain bids and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such solicitation, or
(y) the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to make such solicitation when obligated as provided in this Section 14.01(b)(i) then, in either case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall
be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price condition has been met on any Trading Day, the Company shall so notify
the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing on or within one Business Day of such Trading Day. Any such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. If, at any time after the Trading Price
condition set forth above has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate for such Trading Day, the
Company shall so notify the Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing that the Trading Price condition is no longer met and thereafter neither the Company nor the Bid Solicitation Agent (if
other than the Company) shall be required to solicit bids again until another qualifying request is made as provided above. 

56 

(ii) If, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately
preceding November 15, 2030, the Company elects to: 

(A) issue to all or substantially all holders of shares of the
Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan so long as such rights have not separated from the shares of the Common Stock) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after
the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending
on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance; or 

(B) distribute to
all or substantially all holders of shares of the Common Stock the Companys assets, securities or rights to purchase securities of the Company (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to the separation of such rights from
the shares of the Common Stock), which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Company, exceeding 10% of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such
distribution, 

then, in either case, the Company shall notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee)
in writing (x) at least 45 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution or (y) at least 10 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the
Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution (provided that, if the Company provides such notice in accordance with this clause (y) but not in accordance with the immediately preceding clause
(x), notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date occurring during the period from, and including, the date of such notice to, and including, the Business Day immediately
preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution (or the date of the Companys announcement that such issuance or distribution will not take place) using Physical Settlement and the
Company shall notify the Holders of such required Settlement Method in such notice). Once the Company has given such notice, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time until the earlier of (1) the close of
business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution and (2) the Companys announcement that such issuance or distribution will not take place, in
each case, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time; provided that Holders of the Notes may not convert their Notes pursuant to this Section 14.01(b)(ii) if they participate, at the same time and upon the same terms
as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in clause (A) or (B) of this Section 14.01(b)(ii) without having to convert their Notes as if they held a number of shares of
the Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder as of the record date for such issuance or distribution. 

57 

(iii) If (i) a transaction or event that constitutes (x) a
Fundamental Change or (y) a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding November 15, 2030, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase
the Notes pursuant to Section 15.02, or (ii) the Company is a party to a Merger Event (as defined below) (other than a Merger Event that is solely for the purpose of changing the Companys jurisdiction of organization that
(x) does not constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change and (y) results in a reclassification, conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of the Common Stock solely into shares of common stock of the surviving
entity and such common stock becomes Reference Property for the Notes) that occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding November 15, 2030 (each such Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Merger
Event, a Corporate Event), all or any portion of a Holders Notes may be surrendered for conversion at any time after the effective date of such Corporate Event until the earlier of (x) 35 Scheduled Trading Days after the
effective date of such Corporate Event, or if such Corporate Event also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), until the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the related Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date and (y) the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing no later than the effective date of
such Corporate Event. 

(iv) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding November 15,
2030, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price
of the Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to
125% of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall have any duty to determine or verify the determination of whether the sale price condition in this
Section 14.01(b)(iv) has been met. 

(v) If the Company calls any Note for Provisional Redemption or Par Redemption
pursuant to Article 16 prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding November 15, 2030, then the Holder of the Note called for Provisional Redemption or Par Redemption may surrender such Note (or a portion thereof)
for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day prior to the Redemption Date, on account of the Companys delivery of a Redemption Notice, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such
time. After that time, the right to convert such Note on account of the Companys delivery of the Redemption Notice shall expire, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, in which case a Holder of the Note called for
Provisional Redemption or Par Redemption may convert such Note (or any portion thereof) until the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the Notes in accordance with Article 16 pursuant
to a Provisional Redemption or Par 

58 

Redemption and a Holder (or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note) is reasonably not able to determine, before the close of business on the 44th Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the relevant Redemption Date, whether such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such redemption, then such Holder or
owner, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time before the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day prior to such Redemption Date, unless the Company defaults in the payment
of the Redemption Price, in which case such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, until the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for, and each such conversion will be
deemed to be of a Note called for redemption. If a Holder elects to convert such Notes called for Provisional Redemption during the related Redemption Period, the Company will, under certain circumstances, increase the Conversion Rate for such Notes
pursuant to Section 14.03. Accordingly, if the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the Notes pursuant to a Provisional Redemption, Holders of the Notes that are not called for Provisional Redemption will not be entitled to convert such
Notes pursuant to this Section 14.01(b)(v) and will not be entitled to an increase in the Conversion Rate on account of the Redemption Notice in connection with such Provisional Redemption for conversions of such Notes during the related
Redemption Period, even if such Notes are otherwise convertible pursuant to any other provision of this Section 14.01(b). 

Section 14.02. Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion. 

(a) Subject to this Section 14.02, Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall
satisfy its Conversion Obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, cash (Cash Settlement), shares of Common Stock, together
with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 (Physical Settlement) or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock,
together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 (Combination Settlement), at its election, as set forth in this
Section 14.02. 

(i) All conversions for which the relevant Conversion Dates occurs (x) on or after
November 15, 2030 shall be settled using the same Settlement Method or (y) during a Redemption Period shall be settled using the same Settlement Method. 

(ii) Except for any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during a Redemption Period and any conversions
for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after November 15, 2030, the Company shall use the same Settlement Method for all conversions occurring on the same Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the
same Settlement Method with respect to conversions that occur on different Conversion Dates. 

59 

(iii) If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or in the case of any
conversions occurring (x) during a Redemption Period or (y) on or after November 15, 2030), the Company elects to deliver a notice (the Settlement Notice) of the relevant Settlement Method in respect of such
Conversion Date (or such period, as the case may be), the Company shall deliver such Settlement Notice to converting Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) no later than the close of business on the Scheduled
Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date (or, in the case of any conversions occurring (x) during a Redemption Period, in such Redemption Notice, or (y) on or after November 15, 2030, no later than the close of
business on Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding November 15, 2030). If the Company does not timely elect a Settlement Method prior to the deadline set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall no longer have the
right to elect Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement for such Conversion Date or during such period and the Company shall be deemed to have elected Combination Settlement in respect of its Conversion Obligation, and the Specified Dollar Amount per
$1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be equal to $1,000. Such Settlement Notice shall specify the relevant Settlement Method and in the case of an election of Combination Settlement, the relevant Settlement Notice shall indicate the Specified
Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. If the Company timely delivers a Settlement Notice electing Combination Settlement in respect of its Conversion Obligation but does not indicate a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes in such Settlement Notice, the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be $1,000. 

By notice to Holders, the Company may, prior to November 15, 2030, at its option, irrevocably elect to satisfy its Conversion Obligation
with respect to the Notes through Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes of $1,000 for all Conversion Dates occurring subsequent to delivery of such notice. 

(iv) The cash, shares of Common Stock or combination of cash and shares of Common Stock in respect of any conversion of Notes
(the Settlement Amount) shall be computed as follows: 

(A) if the Company elects to satisfy its
Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Physical Settlement, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date; 

(B) if the Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in
respect of such conversion by Cash Settlement, the Company shall pay to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each of the 40
consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period; and 

(C) if the Company elects (or is deemed to have
elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Combination Settlement, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being
converted, a Settlement Amount equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 40consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period. 

60 

(v) The Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable) and the Daily Conversion
Values (if applicable) shall be determined by the Company promptly following the last day of the Observation Period. Promptly after such determination of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount
of cash payable in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be,
and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering fractional shares of Common Stock. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall have no responsibility for any such determination. 

(b) Subject to Section 14.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall
(i) in the case of a Global Note, comply with the applicable procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set
forth in Section 14.02(h) and (ii) in the case of a Physical Note (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile, PDF or other
electronic transmission thereof) (a notice pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Depositary or a notice as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion, a Notice of Conversion) at the office of the Conversion Agent and
state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such Holder wishes the certificate or certificates for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the
Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish
appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and (4) if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h). The Trustee (and, if
different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 14 on the Conversion Date for such conversion. No Notes may be surrendered for conversion by a Holder thereof if such Holder has also delivered a
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 15.03. 

If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes
shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered. 

(c) A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the Conversion
Date) that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, the
consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the second Business Day immediately following the 

61 

relevant Conversion Date, if the Company elects Physical Settlement, or on the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period, in the case of
any other Settlement Method. If any shares of Common Stock are due to a converting Holder, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and deliver to the Conversion Agent or to such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees, certificates
or a book-entry transfer through the Depositary for the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled in satisfaction of the Companys Conversion Obligation. 

(d) In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to
or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by
the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection
therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such conversion. 

(e) If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on the issue
of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holders name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to
deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than the Holders name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in accordance with the immediately
preceding sentence. 

(f) Except as provided in Section 14.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock
issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 14. 

(g) Upon the conversion of an interest in a Global Note, the
Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make a notation on such Global Note as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of any conversion of Notes effected
through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee. 

(h) Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment for
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, except as set forth below. The Companys settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant Conversion Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the relevant Conversion Date shall be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited.
Upon a conversion of Notes into a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, accrued and unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid first out of the cash paid upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted after the
close of business on a Regular Record Date and prior to the open of business on the corresponding Interest Payment Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date will receive

62 

the full amount of interest payable on such Notes on the corresponding Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion. Notes surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of
business on any Regular Record Date to the open of business on the immediately following Interest Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to the amount of interest payable on the Notes so converted; provided that no such payment shall
be required (1) for conversions following the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the
Business Day immediately succeeding the corresponding Interest Payment Date; (3) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately succeeding the
corresponding Interest Payment Date; or (4) to the extent of any Defaulted Amounts, if any Defaulted Amounts exists at the time of conversion with respect to such Note. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, all Holders of record on the Regular
Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or Redemption Date, in each case, as described above, shall receive the full interest payment due on the Maturity Date or other applicable Interest Payment
Date in cash regardless of whether their Notes have been converted and/or repurchased, as applicable, following such Regular Record Date. 

(i) The Person in whose name the certificate for any shares of Common Stock delivered upon conversion is registered shall be treated as a
stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement) or the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (if the Company
elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Combination Settlement), as the case may be. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion. 

(j) The Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu of
delivering any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP on the relevant Conversion Date (or if such Conversion Date is not a Trading Day, the immediately preceding Trading Day), in the case of Physical
Settlement or based on the Daily VWAP on the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period, in the case of Combination Settlement. For each Note surrendered for conversion, if the Company has elected (or is deemed to have elected) Combination
Settlement, the full number of shares that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the relevant Observation Period and any fractional shares remaining after such
computation shall be paid in cash. 

Section 14.03. Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection
with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or During a Provisional Redemption Period. (a) If (x) the Effective Date of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date and a Holder elects to convert its Notes in connection
with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change or (y) the Company issues a Redemption Notice for Provisional Redemption pursuant to Section 16.02 and a Holder of a Note called (or deemed called) for Provisional Redemption elects to convert its
Notes during the related Redemption Period, the Company shall, under the circumstances described below, increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of additional shares of Common Stock

63 

(the Additional Shares), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change if
the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the period from, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including, the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the
case of an Exempted Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the
35th Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change) (such period, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period). For the avoidance of
doubt, the Company shall increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes during the related Redemption Period only with respect to conversion of Notes called (or deemed called) for Provisional Redemption, and not for Notes not called for Provisional
Redemption, or for Notes called for Par Redemption. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the Notes, a Holder of the Notes not called for Provisional Redemption will not be entitled to convert such Notes or be entitled to an increased
Conversion Rate for conversions of such Notes (on account of the Redemption Notice) from, and including, the Redemption Notice Date until the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date, except in
the limited circumstances set forth in Section 14.01(b)(v). 

(b) Upon surrender of Notes for conversion during a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change Period or during a Redemption Period, the Company shall, at its option, satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement in accordance with Section 14.02 based on the
Conversion Rate as increased to reflect the Additional Shares pursuant to the table below; provided, however, that, if the Reference Property in any Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of
Fundamental Change is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the transaction and
shall be deemed to be an amount of cash per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any increase to reflect the Additional Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price. In such event, the Conversion
Obligation shall be determined and paid to Holders in cash on the second Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of the Effective
Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental Change no later than the Effective Date. 

(c) The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the
Conversion Rate shall be increased for conversions during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period or during the Redemption Period shall be determined by reference to the table below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change
occurs or becomes effective (the Effective Date) or the Redemption Notice Date, as the case may be, and the price (the Stock Price) paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of the Common Stock in the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change or on the Redemption Notice Date, as applicable, as set forth in this Section 14.03. If the holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in
clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share. In the case of any other Make-Whole Fundamental Change or in the case of any Provisional Redemption, the Stock Price shall be the
average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading 

64 

Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the Redemption Notice Date, as the case may be. In the event
that a Conversion Date occurs during both a Redemption Period and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period, a Holder of any such Notes to be converted will be entitled to a single increase to the Conversion Rate with respect to the first to occur of
the applicable Redemption Notice Date or Effective Date (or in the case of a Par Redemption, with respect to the occurrence of the Effective Date), and the later event shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of this Section 14.03 .

(d) The Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of
the Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such
adjustment giving rise to the Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the
Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 14.04. 

(e) The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares by which the
Conversion Rate shall be increased per $1,000 principal amount of Notes pursuant to this Section 14.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date or Redemption Notice Date, as applicable, set forth below: 

Effective Date /

Redemption

Notice

Date Stock Price 

$ 8.37 $ 9.50 $ 10.46 $ 11.50 $ 12.56 $ 15.00 $ 17.50 $ 20.00 $ 30.00 $ 40.00 $ 50.00 $ 60.00 

2/15/25 23.8948 19.4358 16.6060 14.2409 12.3552 9.2847 7.2600 5.8640 2.9760 1.7073 1.0118 0.5925 

2/15/26 23.8948 18.3968 15.4456 13.0304 11.1470 8.1767 6.2977 5.0430 2.5403 1.4600 0.8646 0.5030 

2/15/27 23.8948 17.0295 13.9145 11.4391 9.5691 6.7607 5.0937 4.0335 2.0237 1.1695 0.6924 0.3992 

2/15/28 23.8948 15.2337 11.8700 9.3157 7.4839 4.9547 3.6131 2.8270 1.4307 0.8365 0.4960 0.2825 

2/15/29 23.8948 12.6768 8.8583 6.2130 4.5305 2.6280 1.8463 1.4485 0.7627 0.4535 0.2706 0.1527 

2/15/30 23.8948 9.1632 3.1885 0.5452 0.0215 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

2/15/31 23.8948 9.1632 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

The exact Stock Prices and Effective Dates or Redemption Notice Dates may not be set forth in the table above, in which case:

(i) if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date or the Redemption Notice Date,
as the case may be, is between two Effective Dates or Redemption Notice Dates in the table above, as the case may be, the number of Additional Shares by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined by a straight-line
interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier and later Effective Dates or Redemption Notice Dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or
366-day year, as applicable; 

(ii) if the Stock Price is greater than $60.00 per
share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate; and 

65 

(iii) if the Stock Price is less than $8.37 per share (subject to adjustment
in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Conversion Rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 119.4743 shares of Common Stock, subject to
adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04. 

(f) Nothing in this Section 14.03 shall prevent
an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04 in respect of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 

Section 14.04.
Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders of
the Notes participate (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the
Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 14.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in
thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. 

(a) If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on
shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the Effective
Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as the case may be;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date (before giving effect to any such dividend, distribution,
share split or share combination), as the case may be; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination, as the case may be.

66 

Any adjustment made under this Section 14.04(a) shall become effective immediately after the open of
business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or
distribution of the type described in this Section 14.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or
distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 

(b) If the
Company issues to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the announcement
date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and
including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive
Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants.

67 

Any increase made under this Section 14.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights,
options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after
the expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis
of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance had not occurred. 

For purposes of this Section 14.04(b) and
Section 14.01(b)(ii)(A), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common
Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be
taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Company. 

(c) If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights,
options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities of the Company, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances (including share splits) as to which an adjustment
was effected pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or Section 14.04(b), (ii) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 14.04(d), (iii) rights issued pursuant a stockholder
rights plan except as set forth in Section 14.11, (iv) distributions of Reference Property in a transaction described in Section 14.07 and (v) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 14.04(c) shall
apply (any of such shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate shall
be increased based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date
for such distribution; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Company) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such
distribution.

68 

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 14.04(c) above shall become
effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that
would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. In the case of any distribution of rights, options or warrants, to the extent any such rights, options or warrants expire unexercised, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately
readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase made for the distribution of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered upon
exercise of such rights, options or warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the
foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed
Property such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Record Date for the distribution. 

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 14.04(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the
Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to any of its Subsidiaries or other business units of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a
U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period;

FMV0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last
Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period) provided that, if there is no Last Reported Sale Price of the Capital Stock or similar equity
interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock on such Ex-Dividend Date, the Valuation Period shall be the 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including the first Trading Day such Last Reported Sale Price is available;
and

MP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

69 

The adjustment to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on
the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, references to
10 in the portion of this Section 14.04(c) related to Spin-Offs shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date
of such Spin-Off to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable,
for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the Valuation Period, references to 10 in the portion of this Section 14.04(c) related to Spin-Offs shall be deemed to be replaced
with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the
Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day of such Observation Period. If any dividend or distribution that constitutes a Spin-Off is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately
decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay or make such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared or announced. 

For purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and subject in all respects to Section 14.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the
Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Companys Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the
occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event): 

(i) are deemed to be transferred with such
shares of the Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and no adjustment
to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any
is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 14.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Indenture, are subject to events,
upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date
of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such
date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any 

70 

distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that
was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or
purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate shall then again
be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock
with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights,
options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued. 

For purposes of Section 14.04(a), Section 14.04(b) and this Section 14.04(c), if any dividend or distribution to which this
Section 14.04(c) is applicable also includes one or both of: 

(A) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which
Section 14.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution); or 

(B) a dividend or distribution of rights, options
or warrants to which Section 14.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution), 

then, in either case, (1) such dividend or
distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution) and any Conversion
Rate adjustment required by this Section 14.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution
and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 14.04(a) and Section 14.04(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend
Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A
Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date within the meaning of
Section 14.04(a) or outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(b). 

(d) If the Company makes any cash dividend or distribution to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall
be adjusted based on the following formula: 

71 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

SP0 = the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; and

C = the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase made under this Section 14.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or
pay such dividend or distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes it holds, at the same time and upon the same terms as
holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Record Date for such cash dividend or distribution.

(e) If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock that is
subject to the then applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act, other than an odd lot tender offer, to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average
of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange
offer, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

72 

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Company) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such
tender or exchange offer);

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or
exchange offer); and

SP1 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires.

The adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(e) shall occur at the close of business on the 10th
Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the
relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in this
Section 14.04(e) shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of such tender or exchange offer to, and including, such Conversion Date
in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and
within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in this Section 14.04(e) shall be deemed
replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of such tender or exchange offer to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of
such Trading Day. If the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase Common Stock pursuant to any such tender or exchange offer described in this Section 14.04(e) but the Company is, or such Subsidiary is, permanently prevented
by applicable law from effecting any such purchase or all such purchases are rescinded, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender or exchange offer had not been made or had been made
only in respect of the purchases that have been effected. 

73 

(f) Notwithstanding this Section 14.04 or any other provision of this Indenture or the
Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date, and a Holder that has converted its Notes on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or
prior to the related Record Date would be treated as the record holder of the shares of Common Stock as of the related Conversion Date as described under Section 14.02(i) based on an adjusted Conversion Rate for such Ex-Dividend Date, then, notwithstanding the Conversion Rate adjustment provisions in this Section 14.04, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date
shall not be made for such converting Holder. Instead, such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were the record owner of the shares of Common Stock on an unadjusted basis and participate in the related dividend, distribution or other event
giving rise to such adjustment. 

(g) Except as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares
of the Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of the Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities. 

(h) In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 14.04, and subject to the
listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Company from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Board of Directors determines that such increase would be in the
Companys best interest. In addition, subject the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or
rights to purchase Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event. 

(i) Except as specifically provided in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate shall not be subject to adjustment, including, without limitation:

(i) upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock at a price below the Conversion Price or otherwise, other than any such
issuance described in Section 14.04(a), Section 14.04(b) and Section 14.04(c) above; 

(ii) upon the issuance
of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under
any plan; 

(iii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to
any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit or incentive plan or program (including pursuant to any evergreen plan) of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries; 

74 

(iv) upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any
option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (iii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued; 

(v) for a third-party tender offer by any party other than a tender offer by one or more of the Companys Subsidiaries as
described in Section 14.04(e) above; 

(vi) upon the repurchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an
open-market share repurchase program or other buy-back transaction (including, without limitation, through any structured or derivative transactions such as accelerated share repurchase transactions or similar
forward derivatives), or other buy-back transaction, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the nature described in Section 14.04(e); 

(vii) solely for a change in the par value (or lack of par value) of the Common Stock; or 

(viii) for accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 

(j) The Company shall not be required to make an adjustment pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) of this Section 14.04
unless such adjustment would result in a change of at least 1% of the then effective Conversion Rate. However, the Company shall carry forward any adjustment that the Company would otherwise have to make and take that adjustment into account in any
subsequent adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all such carried-forward adjustments shall be made with respect to the Notes (i) when the aggregate of all such carried-forward adjustments equals or exceeds 1% of the Conversion Rate,
(ii) regardless of whether the aggregate adjustment is less than 1% of the Conversion Rate, (x) on the Conversion Date for any Notes (in the case of Physical Settlement) and (y) on each Trading Day of any Observation Period (in the
case of Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement), (iii) on the Effective Date of any Fundamental Change or Make-Whole Fundamental Change, (iv) on any date on which a Redemption Notice is delivered by the Company and (v) November 15,
2030, in each case, unless the adjustment has already been made. All calculations and other determinations under this Article 14 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth
(1/10,000th) of a share. 

(k) Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the
Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officers Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officers Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of which it has
knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment becomes
effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment. 

75 

(l) For purposes of this Section 14.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any
time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include
shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock. 

(m)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 14, in the event of an increase in the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.03 or clauses (b), (c), (d), or (e) of this Section 14.04 that would result in the Notes, in the
aggregate, becoming convertible into shares of Common Stock in violation of the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, regardless of whether the Company has a class of securities listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Company
shall, at its option, either obtain stockholder approval of such issuances or deliver cash in lieu of any shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon conversions in excess of such limitations based on the Daily VWAP on each Trading Day of the
relevant Observation Period in respect of which, in lieu of delivering the shares of Common Stock, the Company delivers cash pursuant to this Section 14.04(m). 

Section 14.05. Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last
Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including, without limitation, an Observation Period and the period, if any, for determining the Stock Price for
purposes of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption), the Company shall make appropriate adjustments (without duplication in respect of any adjustment made pursuant to the provisions described under Section 14.04) to each to
account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date or expiration date of the event
occurs, at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts are to be calculated. 

Section 14.06. Shares to Be Fully Paid. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide, free from
preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming delivery of the
maximum number of Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03 and that at the time of computation of such number of shares, all such Notes would be converted by a single Holder and that Physical Settlement is applicable). 

76 

Section 14.07. Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the
Common Stock. 

(a) In the case of: 

(i) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change to par value, or from par value
to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination), 

(ii) any consolidation, merger, combination or
similar transaction involving the Company, 

(iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated
assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety or 

(iv) any statutory share
exchange, 

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or
assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger Event), then, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a
right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property
that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event and, at the effective time of such Merger Event, the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a
supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01(h) providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event
(A) the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the case may be, shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with
Section 14.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to
deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Merger Event and
(III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property. 

If the Merger Event causes the Common
Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be
convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to
the consideration referred to in clause (i) 

77 

attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after
the effective date of such Merger Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by
any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Merger Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the
second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as reasonably practicable after
such determination is made. 

If the Reference Property in respect of any such Merger Event includes, in whole or in part, shares of Common
Equity or American depositary receipts (or other interests) in respect thereof, the supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly
equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 14 with respect to the portion of the Reference Property constituting such Common Equity or American depositary receipts (or other interests) in respect thereof. If, in the
case of any Merger Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof), other than cash and/or cash equivalents, of a Person other than the Company or the successor or
acquiring Person, as the case may be, in such Merger Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person, if such Person is an Affiliate of the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, and shall contain such
additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders as the Company shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 15. The Company shall not
become party to any such Merger Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 14.07. 

(b) When the Company executes a
supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 14.07, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or
property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Merger Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver or cause to be
delivered notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to be delivered to each Holder within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the
legality or validity of such supplemental indenture. 

(c) None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a holder of Notes to
convert its Notes into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, as set forth in Section 14.01 and Section 14.02 prior to the effective date of such Merger Event. 

(d) The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 

78 

(e) Upon the consummation of any Merger Event, references to Common Stock shall
be deemed to refer to any Reference Property that constitutes Capital Stock after giving effect to such Merger Event. 

Section 14.08.
Certain Covenants. (a) The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes,
liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. 

(b) The Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the
purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Common Stock may be validly issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent
then permitted by the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be. 

(c) The
Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange
or automated quotation system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes. 

Section 14.09. Responsibility of
Trustee and any Other Conversion Agent. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any adjustment thereto) or whether any
facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate, or with respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any
supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any
securities, property or cash that may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; and the Trustee and any other Conversion Agent make no representations with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall
be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any
of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of
any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 14.07 relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their
Notes after any event referred to in such Section 14.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the
correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in conclusively relying upon, the Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel (which the Company shall be obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such
supplemental indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 14.01(b) has occurred that makes the Notes eligible for conversion or no
longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent the notices referred to in Section 14.01(b) with respect to the commencement or termination of such

79 

conversion rights, on which notices the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent immediately
after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 14.01(b). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, neither the Trustee nor any other agent acting under this Indenture (other than the
Company, if acting in such capacity) shall have any obligation to make any calculation or to determine whether the Notes may be surrendered for conversion pursuant to this Indenture, or to notify the Company or the Depositary or any of the Holders
if the Notes have become convertible pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. 

Section 14.10. Notice to Holders Prior to Certain
Actions. In case of any: 

(a) action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries that would require an adjustment in the Conversion Rate
pursuant to Section 14.04 or Section 14.11; or 

(b) voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company; 

then, in each case (unless notice of such event is otherwise required pursuant to another
provision of this Indenture), the Company shall cause to be filed with the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and to be delivered to each Holder, as promptly as possible but in any event at least 10 days prior to the
applicable date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (i) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of Common Stock of record are to be determined for the purposes of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) the date on which such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is expected
to become effective or occur, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up.

Section 14.11. Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a
stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the Common Stock
issued upon such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights
have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan so that the Holders would not be entitled to receive any rights in respect of Common Stock, if any, issuable upon conversion
of the Notes, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 14.04(c), subject to readjustment in
the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. 

80 

Section 14.12. Exchange In Lieu Of Conversion. (a) When a Holder
surrenders its Notes for conversion, the Company may, at its election, direct the Conversion Agent to surrender, on or prior to the Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, such Notes to one or more financial institutions
designated by the Company (each, a Designated Institution) for exchange in lieu of conversion (an Exchange Election). In order to accept any Notes surrendered for conversion for exchange in lieu of conversion,
the Designated Institution(s) must agree to timely pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, in exchange for such Notes, the cash, shares of Common Stock or combination of cash and Common Stock, at the Companys election, that would otherwise be
due upon conversion (the Conversion Consideration) as described in Section 14.02 above. If the Company makes an Exchange Election, the Company shall, by the close of business on the Trading Day following the relevant
Conversion Date, notify the Holder surrendering Notes for conversion, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), in writing that it has made an Exchange Election, and the Company shall concurrently notify the Designated
Institution(s) of the relevant deadline for delivery of the Conversion Consideration and the type of conversion consideration to be paid and/or delivered, as the case may be. Any Notes exchanged by the Designated Institution(s) shall remain
outstanding, subject to applicable procedures of the Depositary. 

(b) If the Designated Institution(s) agree(s) to accept any Notes for
exchange but does not timely pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the related Conversion Consideration to the Conversion Agent, or if the Designated Institution(s) do(es) not accept such Notes for exchange, the Company shall, within the time
period specified in Section 14.02(c), pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the Conversion Consideration in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.02. 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Companys designation of any Designated Institution(s) pursuant to this
Section 14.12 require the Designated Institution(s) to accept any Notes for exchange. 

ARTICLE 15 

REPURCHASEOF NOTESAT OPTIONOF
HOLDERS

Section 15.01. Intentionally Omitted. 

Section 15.02. Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change. (a) Subject to Section 15.02(f), if a
Fundamental Change occurs at any time prior to the Maturity Date, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes, or any portion thereof properly
surrendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to Section 15.03 that is equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) specified by the Company that is not less than 20
Business Days or more than 35 Business Days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price), unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the Interest Payment Date to which such Regular
Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall instead pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of such Regular Record Date, and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100% of the principal
amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this Article 15. 

81 

(b) Repurchases of Notes under this Section 15.02 shall be made, at the option of the
Holder thereof, upon: 

(i) delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice) in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in compliance with the Depositarys applicable procedures for surrendering interests
in Global Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in each case on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and 

(ii) delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) and on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying
Agent, or book-entry transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary, in each case such delivery or transfer being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price therefor. 

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Physical Notes to be repurchased shall state: 

(i) the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase; 

(ii) the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof; and

(iii) that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this
Indenture. 

If the Notes are Global Notes, to exercise the Fundamental Change repurchase right, Holders must surrender their Notes in accordance with
Depositarys applicable procedures. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice contemplated by this Section 15.02 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately
preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 15.03. 

The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of
withdrawal thereof. 

(c) On or before the 20th Business Day after the occurrence of the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the
Company shall provide to all Holders and the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a written notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice) of the occurrence of
the effective date of 

82 

the Fundamental Change and of the repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. In the case of Physical Notes, such notice shall be by first class mail or, in the
case of Global Notes, such notice shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify: 

(i) the events causing the Fundamental Change; 

(ii) the effective date of the Fundamental Change; 

(iii) the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Article 15; 

(iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; 

(v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; 

(vi) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable; 

(vii) if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate as a result of such Fundamental Change (or
related Make-Whole Fundamental Change); 

(viii) that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice
has been delivered by a Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; and 

(ix) the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes. 

No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the
validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to this Section 15.02. 

At the Companys request, given at
least five days prior to the date the Fundamental Change Company Notice is to be sent (or such lesser amount of time as agreed to by the Trustee in its reasonable discretion), the Trustee shall give such notice in the Companys name and at the
Companys expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company. 

Simultaneously with providing such notice, the Company shall publish the information on its website or through such other public medium as it
may use at that time. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the
Holders upon a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the

83 

payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Physical Notes held by it during the
acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), or any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes
in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have
been withdrawn. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 15, the Company shall not be required to repurchase, or to
make an offer to repurchase, the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes such an offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this
Article 15 and such third party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth
above. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 15, the Company shall not be required to send a Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice, or offer to repurchase or repurchase any Notes, as set forth in this Article 15, in connection with a Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (b)(A) or (B) (or pursuant to clause (a) that also constitutes a
Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (b)(A) or (B)) of the definition thereof, if: (i) such Fundamental Change constitutes a Merger Event whose Reference Property consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after
such Fundamental Change, the Notes become convertible (pursuant to Section 14.07 and, if applicable, Section 14.03) into consideration that consists solely of U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes that equals or
exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (calculated assuming that the same includes the maximum amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable as part of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for such
Fundamental Change); and (iii) the Company timely sends the notice relating to such Fundamental Change required pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(iii). Any Fundamental Change with respect to which, in accordance with the provisions described in
this Section 15.02(f), the Company does not offer to repurchase any Notes is referred to as herein as an Exempted Fundamental Change. 

Section 15.03. Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. (a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice may be
withdrawn (in whole or in part) in respect of Physical Notes by means of a written notice of withdrawal received by the Paying Agent in accordance with this Section 15.03 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying: 

(i) the principal amount of the Notes with
respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, 

(ii)
the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and 

84 

(iii) the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the
original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion must be in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000; 

If the Notes are
Global Notes, Holders may withdraw their Notes subject to repurchase at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date in accordance with the applicable procedures of the
Depositary. 

Section 15.04. Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (a) The Company will deposit with the
Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.04) on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to receipt of funds and/or Notes by the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by
the Company), payment for Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not validly withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) will be made on the later of (i) the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 15.02) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the
Company) by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 15.02 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register; provided, however, that
payments to the Depositary shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Trustee shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company
any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 

(b) If by 11:00 a.m. New York City time, on the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) holds money sufficient to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price to be repurchased on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, then, with respect to the Notes that
have been properly surrendered for repurchase and have not been validly withdrawn in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, (i) such Notes will cease to be outstanding, (ii) interest will cease to accrue on such Notes on the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or the Notes have been delivered to the Trustee or Paying Agent) and (iii) all other rights of the Holders with respect to such Notes will
terminate on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (other than (x) the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and (y) if the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the
related Interest Payment Date, the right of the Holder of record on such Regular Record Date to receive the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date). 

(c) Upon surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 15.02, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered. 

85 

Section 15.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes.
In connection with any repurchase offer upon a Fundamental Change pursuant to this Article 15, the Company will, if required: 

(a) comply
with the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act that may then be applicable; 

(b) file a Schedule TO or any other required schedule
under the Exchange Act; and 

(c) otherwise comply in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws in connection with
any offer by the Company to repurchase the Notes; 

in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 15 to be exercised in the
time and in the manner specified in this Article 15. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Article 15 relating to the Companys obligations to repurchase the Notes upon a
Fundamental Change, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under such provisions of this Article 15 by virtue of such conflict. 

ARTICLE 16 

PROVISIONAL REDEMPTION; PAR REDEMPTION

Section 16.01. Provisional Redemption; Par Redemption. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to
February 15, 2028. On or after February 15, 2028 to, but excluding, February 15, 2030, at any time and from time to time, the Company may redeem (a Provisional Redemption) for cash all or any portion of the Notes,
at the Redemption Price, if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock has been at least 120% of the Conversion Price then in effect for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive), including the Trading Day immediately preceding the
Redemption Notice Date, during any 30 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption Notice Date. On or after February 15, 2030, the Company may redeem (a Par
Redemption) for cash all or any portion of the Notes, at the Redemption Price, at any time and from time to time. 

Section 16.02. Notice of Provisional Redemption; Notice of Par Redemption; Selection of Notes. (a) In case the Company
exercises its Provisional Redemption right or Par Redemption right to redeem all or, as the case may be, any part of the Notes pursuant to Section 16.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Redemption Date) and it or,
at its written request received by the Trustee not less than 5 Business Days prior to the date such Redemption Notice is to be sent (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable to the Trustee), the Trustee, in the name of and at the expense
of the Company, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Provisional Redemption or Par Redemption (in each case, a Redemption Notice) not less than 50 nor more than 65 Trading Days prior to the Redemption Date to
each Holder of Notes so to be redeemed as a whole or in part; provided, however, that if the Company shall give such notice, it shall also give written notice of the Redemption Date to the Trustee, the Conversion Agent (if other than
the Trustee) and the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee). The Redemption Date must be a Business Day. The Company may not specify a Redemption Date that falls on or after the 41st Scheduled
Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 

86 

(b) The Redemption Notice, if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively
presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such Redemption Notice or any defect in the Redemption Notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part
shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. 

(c) Each Redemption Notice shall specify: 

(i) the Redemption Date; 

(ii) the Redemption Price; 

(iii) that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note to be redeemed, and that
interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date; 

(iv) the place or places where such
Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; 

(v) that Holders called (or deemed called) for redemption
may surrender their Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date; 

(vi) the procedures a converting Holder must follow to convert its Notes and the Settlement Method and Specified Dollar Amount,
if applicable; 

(vii) the Conversion Rate and, solely in the case of a Provisional Redemption, if applicable, the number of
Additional Shares added to the Conversion Rate in accordance with Section 14.03; 

(viii) the CUSIP, ISIN or other
similar numbers, if any, assigned to such Notes; and 

(ix) in case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of
the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued, which principal amount must be $1,000 or an
integral multiple thereof. 

A Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. Neither a Provisional Redemption nor a Par Redemption may be conditional. 

(d) If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected according to the
Depositarys applicable procedures, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or, in the case of Notes represented by Physical Notes, by lot on a pro rata basis or by another method the Trustee deems to be appropriate and fair. If any
Note selected for partial redemption is submitted for conversion in part after such selection, the portion of the Note submitted for conversion shall be deemed (so far as may be possible) to be the portion selected for redemption. 

87 

Section 16.03. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption. (a) If any
Redemption Notice has been given in respect of the Notes in accordance with Section 16.02, the Notes shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date at the place or places stated in the Redemption Notice and at the applicable Redemption
Price. On presentation and surrender of the Notes at the place or places stated in the Redemption Notice, the Notes shall be paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable Redemption Price. 

(b) Prior to 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent or, if the Company or a
Subsidiary of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 7.05 an amount of cash (in immediately available funds if deposited on the Redemption Date), sufficient to pay the Redemption
Price of all of the Notes to be redeemed on such Redemption Date. Subject to receipt of funds by the Paying Agent, payment for the Notes to be redeemed shall be made on the Redemption Date for such Notes. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such
payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Redemption Price. 

Section 16.04.
Restrictions on Redemption. The Company may not redeem any Notes on any date if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior
to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to such Notes). 

ARTICLE 17 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 17.01. Provisions Binding on Companys Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and
agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not. 

Section 17.02. Official Acts by Successor Corporation. Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized
or required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be
the lawful sole successor of the Company. 

Section 17.03. Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that by any
provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes if given or served by being deposited postage
prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to The RealReal, Inc., 55 Francisco Street, Suite 150, San Francisco, California 94133, Attention: Chief
Legal Officer. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail
in a post office letter box addressed to the Corporate Trust Office, Attention: Joshua Hahn, Vice President and Trust Officer or sent electronically in PDF format. 

88 

The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for
subsequent notices or communications. 

Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Physical Notes shall be
mailed to it by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register and shall be sufficiently given to it if so mailed within the time prescribed. Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder
of Global Notes shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it if so delivered within the time prescribed; provided, that notice to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent
shall be deemed given upon actual receipt by the Trustee or the Conversion Agent, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event (including any
Fundamental Change Company Notice) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its
designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with the Depositarys applicable procedures. 

Failure to mail or deliver a
notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether
or not the addressee receives it. 

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be
impracticable to give such notice to Holders by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder. 

Section 17.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING
UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

The Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal
action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Indenture or the Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United
States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of each such court in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues. 

89 

The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the
United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such
court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 17.05. Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates
and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall, if requested by the Trustee, furnish to the Trustee an
Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture; provided, that no Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection with (1) the original
issuance of Notes on the date hereof and the original issuance of additional Notes, if any, under this Indenture, (2) the exchange of the restricted CUSIP of the Restricted Securities to an unrestricted CUSIP, unless a new Note is to be issued
in connection therewith, or (3) a request by the Company that the Trustee deliver a notice to Holders under this Indenture where the Trustee receives an Officers Certificate with respect to such notice. With respect to matters of fact, an
Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate or certificates of public officials. 

Each Officers Certificate and
Opinion of Counsel provided for, by or on behalf of the Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than the Officers Certificates provided for in Section 4.08,
Section 7.02(h) and Section 8.04) shall include (a) a statement that the person signing such certificate is familiar with the requested action and this Indenture; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the
examination or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate or opinion is based; (c) a statement that, in the judgment of such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or
her to express an informed judgment as to whether or not such action is permitted by this Indenture; and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such person, such action is permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions
precedent thereto have been complied with. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 17.05, if any provision in this
Indenture specifically provides that the Trustee shall or may receive an Opinion of Counsel in connection with any action to be taken by the Trustee or the Company hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled to, or entitled to request, such Opinion of
Counsel. 

Section 17.06. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date, Redemption Date or Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and
no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay. 

Section 17.07. No Security Interest Created. Nothing in this
Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall be construed to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction. 

90 

Section 17.08. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the
Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. 

Section 17.09. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents
and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 17.10. Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent that shall be authorized to act
on its behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Section 2.04, Section 2.05,
Section 2.06, Section 2.07, Section 10.04 and Section 15.04 as fully to all intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver
Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee and a certificate of authentication executed
on behalf of the Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustees certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve
as trustee hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08. 

Any corporation or other entity into which any authenticating agent may be merged or
converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or
substantially all of the corporate trust business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation or other entity is otherwise eligible under this Section 17.10, without
the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation or other entity. 

Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at
any time terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any
authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall deliver notice of such
appointment to all Holders. 

The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its
services although the Company may terminate the authenticating agent, if it determines such agents fees to be unreasonable. 

91 

The provisions of Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 8.03
and this Section 17.10 shall be applicable to any authenticating agent. 

If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this
Section 17.10, the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form: 

as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Section 17.11. Execution in Counterparts. The parties may sign multiple counterparts of
this Indenture. Each signed counterpart shall be deemed an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart by facsimile, PDF or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart thereof. Unless otherwise provided in this Indenture or in any Note, the words execute, execution, signed and signature and words of similar import used in or related to any
document to be signed in connection with this Indenture, any Note or any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including amendments, waivers, consents and other modifications) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping of
records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature in ink or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as applicable, to the fullest extent and as provided
for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act;
provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Trustee is not under any obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Trustee pursuant to procedures
approved by the Trustee. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in writing (provided that any such communication sent to Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by
way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign or other electronic signature provider that the Company plans to use (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by the authorized representative), in English. The
Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of
interception and misuse by third parties. 

Section 17.12. Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture or
in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired. 

92 

Section 17.13. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND
EACH HOLDER BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOTES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

Section 17.14. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable
for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism,
civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use
reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

Section 17.15. Calculations. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company shall be responsible for making all calculations
called for under the Notes. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Stock Price, the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, the Trading Prices of the Notes (for purposes of Section 14.01(b)(i)) the
Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Settlement Amounts, accrued interest payable on the Notes and the Conversion Rate of the Notes. The Company shall make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the
Companys calculations shall be final and binding on Holders. The Company shall provide a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent
is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent verification. The Trustee will forward the Companys calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the written request of that Holder at the
sole cost and expense of the Company. 

Section 17.16. U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance
with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person
or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements
of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

93 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of
the date first written above. 

THE REALREAL, INC.

By: /s/ Ajay Madan Gopal

Name: Ajay Madan Gopal

Title: Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ Joshua Hahn

Name: Joshua Hahn

Title: Vice President

EXHIBIT A 

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] 

[INCLUDE
FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE] 

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY,
A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY
PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.] 

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A
RESTRICTED SECURITY] 

[THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE REALREAL, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT: 

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

A-1 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE
COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR THE COMPANY TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.] 

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A NOTE IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT] 

[THIS NOTE MAY BE ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1273 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS
AMENDED) FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. A HOLDER MAY OBTAIN THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, IF ANY, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY FOR SUCH NOTE BY SUBMITTING A WRITTEN REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION TO THE REALREAL, INC.,
55 FRANCISCO STREET, SUITE 150, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94133, ATTENTION: CHIEF LEGAL OFFICER OR CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER.] 

A-2 

The RealReal, Inc. 

4.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2031 

No.
[] Initially $[] 

CUSIP No. 88339P AJ0 

The RealReal, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company,
which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum as set forth in the
Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto, which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed $146,685,000 in aggregate at any time, in
accordance with the rules and applicable procedures of the Depositary, on February 15, 2031, and interest thereon as set forth below. 

This Note shall bear interest at the rate of 4.00% per year from February 10, 2025, or from the most recent date to which interest has
been paid or provided for to, but excluding, the next scheduled Interest Payment Date until February 15, 2031;[ provided, that solely with respect to the Interest Payment Date on August 15, 2025, the Note shall bear additional
interest at the rate of 1.25% per year from September 1, 2024 to, but excluding, February 10, 2025, being paid in consideration for the accrued and unpaid interest on the 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 for which this Note was
exchanged).]1 Accrued interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve
30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each
February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2025, to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding February 1 and August 1 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Additional Interest
will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d) and Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context,
Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(d) or Section 6.03, and any express mention of the payment of Additional Interest in any provision therein shall not be construed as excluding Additional
Interest in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

Any Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the
rate borne by the Notes, from, and including, the relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 

1 

To be included only for Notes issued on the date of the Indenture. 

A-3 

The Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay the principal of and interest on this
Note, if and so long as such Note is a Global Note, in immediately available funds in lawful money of the United States at the time to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and
subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay the principal of any Notes (other than Notes that are Global Notes) at the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company
has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and its agency in the United States of America, as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions
giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further
provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

This Note, and any claim, controversy
or dispute arising under or related to this Note, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern. 

This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed
manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed. 

THE REALREAL, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE] 

The RealReal, Inc. 

4.00%
Convertible Senior Note due 2031 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 4.00% Convertible
Senior Notes due 2031 (the Notes), initially limited to the aggregate principal amount of $146,685,000 all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of February 10, 2025 (the
Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description
of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions
specified in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture. 

In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and interest on, all Notes may be declared, by
either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set
forth in the Indenture. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in
respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Redemption Price on the Redemption Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a
Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the
Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures
modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on
behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences. 

No
reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the principal (including the
Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the lawful
money or shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, herein prescribed. 

R-1 

The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $1,000
principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal
amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as
a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange. 

The Notes shall be redeemable at the Companys option in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the
Indenture. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 

Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental
Change), the Holder has the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 

Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the
Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to
convert any Notes or portion thereof that is $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted
from time to time as provided in the Indenture. 

Terms used in this Note and defined in the Indenture are used herein as therein defined.

R-2 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM = as tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act 

CUST =
Custodian 

TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties 

JT TEN =
joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above
list. 

R-3 

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The RealReal, Inc. 

4.00%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [] DOLLARS ($[]). The following
increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made: 

Date of exchange Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note Principal amount

of this Global Note

following

such decrease or increase Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee or

Custodian

R-4 

ATTACHMENT 1 

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION] 

To: The
RealReal, Inc. 

To: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

111 Fillmore Ave. East 

Saint Paul, MN 55107 

EP-MN-ES3C

Attn: Joshua Hahn 

The undersigned registered
owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of
Common Stock, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any
fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note
not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance with Section 14.02(d) and Section 14.02(e) of the
Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 

Dated: 

Signature(s)

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed

by an eligible Guarantor Institution

(banks, stock brokers, savings and

loan associations and credit unions)

with membership in an approved

signature guarantee medallion program

pursuant to Securities and Exchange

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares

of Common Stock are to be issued, or

Notes are to be delivered, other than

to and in the name of the registered holder.

1 

Fill in for registration of shares if

to be issued, and Notes if to

be delivered, other than to and in the

name of the registered holder:

(Name)

(Street Address)

(City, State and Zip Code)

Please print name and address

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all):

$______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

2 

ATTACHMENT 2 

[FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE] 

To: The RealReal, Inc. 

To: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association 

111 Fillmore Ave. East 

Saint Paul, MN 55107

EP-MN-ES3C

Attn: Joshua Hahn 

The undersigned registered
owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from The RealReal, Inc. (the Company), as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and
requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance with Section 15.02 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is $1,000
principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately succeeding
corresponding Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Indenture. 

In the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below: 

Dated: _____________________ 

Signature(s)

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number

Principal amount to be repurchased (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

1 

ATTACHMENT 3 

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER] 

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association 

111 Fillmore Ave. East 

Saint Paul, MN 55107 

EP-MN-ES3C

Attn: Joshua Hahn 

For value received ____________________________ hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto _________________ (Please insert social security or Taxpayer
Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints _____________________ attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

In connection with any transfer of the within Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred: 

To The RealReal, Inc., or a subsidiary thereof; or 

Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended; or 

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other
available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Dated: ________________________

Signature(s)

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor

Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan

associations and credit unions) with membership in an

approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to

Securities and Exchange Commission

Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other than to and

in the name of the registered holder.

NOTICE: The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular
without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d929762dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

This
Exchange Agreement (together with the exhibits and schedules attached hereto, this Agreement), dated as of February 10, 2025, is by and among The RealReal, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer) and each
of the undersigned (each, a Noteholder Party, and collectively, the Noteholder Parties), for itself and (if applicable) on behalf of the beneficial owners for whom the Noteholder Party holds contractual and
investment authority listed on Schedule I hereto (each, an Account, and collectively, the Accounts) (each Account, as well as any Noteholder Party, if applicable, in its capacity as holder of Existing
Notes (as defined below), a Holder), in respect of the 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the Existing Notes) issued by the Issuer under that certain Indenture, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and
between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Existing Indenture and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Existing
Trustee). The Issuer and the Noteholder Parties are referred to herein collectively as the Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, it is
contemplated that the Noteholder Parties will, and will cause each other Holder to, deliver to the Issuer the aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) by each Holder specified for such Holder on Schedule I, to be exchanged on the date hereof (such
Existing Notes, the Exchanged Notes, and such exchange, the Exchange) for (i) certain notes to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to an indenture substantially in the form set forth on Exhibit A (such
indenture, the New Indenture, and such notes, the New Notes) and (ii) accrued and unpaid interest on the Exchanged Notes to (but excluding) the date of this Agreement, in each case, as specified on
Schedule I in accordance with the terms hereof; and 

WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement to provide for the terms
and conditions of the Exchange.

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the Parties hereby agrees as follows: 

Section 1.
Definitions. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the New Indenture. 

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of the Noteholder Parties. Each Noteholder Party (for itself and on behalf of each
applicable Holder) hereby represents and warrants, severally and not jointly, to the Issuer that the following statements are true and correct as of the date hereof: 

(a) Such Noteholder Party and each such applicable Holder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of formation and has all 

necessary corporate or similar power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder and consummate the Exchange. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by such Noteholder Party and the performance of its and each such applicable Holders obligations hereunder has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or similar action on the part of such Noteholder Party and each such
applicable Holder, as applicable. No other votes, written consents, actions or proceedings by or on behalf of such Noteholder Party or any such applicable Holder are necessary to authorize this Agreement or the performance of its or their
obligations hereunder. If such Noteholder Party is executing this Agreement on behalf of Accounts, such Noteholder Party has all requisite discretionary and contractual authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of, and to bind, each Account.

(b) This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such Noteholder Party. This Agreement constitutes the valid and
binding obligation of such Noteholder Party, enforceable against such Noteholder Party in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally or (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(c) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Noteholder Party, and such Noteholder Partys compliance with the
provisions hereof and the consummation of the Exchange will not (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both): (i) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any provision of such Noteholder Partys or any of such
applicable Holders organizational or governing documents (or any similar documents governing such applicable Accounts); (ii) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any law, regulation or governmental or judicial
decree, injunction or order applicable to such Noteholder Party or any such applicable Holder or any of their respective assets; or (iii) require any consent or approval under, violate, conflict with or result in any breach of, or constitute a
default under, or result in termination or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding that is binding on such Noteholder Party or any such applicable
Holder, except, in the case of clause (ii) and (iii) above, where not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Noteholder Party or any such applicable Holder to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(d) The aggregate principal amount of Exchanged Notes beneficially owned by each Holder, as of the
date hereof, together with participant information at The Depository Trust Company (DTC) with respect to such Exchanged Notes, is set forth on Schedule I hereto. (i) Each Holder has good, valid and marketable title to
such Exchanged Notes, free and clear of any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, encumbrance, title retention agreement, option, equity or other adverse claim thereto (collectively, Liens) (other than pledges or
security interests that such Holder may have created in favor of a prime broker under and in accordance with its prime brokerage agreement with such broker, which will be terminated and released prior to or at the Exchange); (ii) no such Holder has,
in whole or in part, except as described in the preceding clause (i), (A) assigned, transferred, hypothecated, pledged, exchanged or otherwise disposed of any of its Exchanged Notes or its rights, title or interest in or to its Exchanged Notes or
(B) given any person or entity (other than such 

2 

applicable Noteholder Party, its agents or investment manager) any transfer order, power of attorney or other authority of any nature whatsoever with respect to its Exchanged Notes; and
(iii) each such Holder has the sole right to dispose or direct the disposition of the Exchanged Notes being exchanged by such Holder hereunder. Upon each such Holders delivery of its Exchanged Notes to the Issuer pursuant to the Exchange,
good, valid and marketable title to such Exchanged Notes shall vest in the Issuer free and clear of all Liens. The Exchanged Notes are free and clear of any restrictions on transfer, taxes, options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts, commitments,
equities, claims, and demands. 

(e) Each Holder is (i) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and an Accredited Investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7) or (8) of Regulation D under the Securities Act or (ii) a non-U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Such Noteholder Party and each Holder is aware that the issuance of New Notes is being made in reliance on a private
placement exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 

(f) Such Noteholder Party will acquire the New Notes for the applicable
Accounts and not with a view toward, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of securities or blue sky law of any state, or with any present intention of distributing or selling the New Notes in violation of
the Securities Act. Each Noteholder Party agrees not to (and agrees to cause each applicable Holder not to) reoffer or resell the New Notes except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration under the Securities
Act. 

(g) Such Noteholder Party acknowledges and agrees for the benefit of the Issuer (including for the benefit of any person acting on
behalf of the Issuer in connection with this Agreement and the transactions set forth herein, including, without limitation, Moelis & Company LLC, who is acting as a financial advisor to the Issuer (the Financial Advisor)
or any other advisor to the Issuer) that (i) it is not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any statement, representation or warranty made by the Financial Advisor, any of its Affiliates or any of its or their control persons, officers,
directors or employees, in making the exchange of the Exchanged Notes or decision to exchange the Exchanged Notes, (ii) the Financial Advisor is in possession of information about the Issuer (including material
non-public information) that may impact the value of the Existing Notes and/or the New Notes and (iii) none of the Financial Advisor, any of its Affiliates or any of its or their control persons,
officers, directors or employees shall be liable with respect to any transaction in connection with its exchange of the Exchanged Notes (including the Exchange); provided, however, that in no event shall any waivers, discharges and releases
provided herein apply in respect of the Issuer as to the Issuers fraud or willful misconduct. 

(h) Such Noteholder Party
acknowledges that the Issuer does not intend to register the New Notes, any offer or sale thereof or the Exchange under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or securities or blue sky laws of any state. 

3 

(i) Such Noteholder Party acknowledges and agrees for the benefit of the Issuer and the
Financial Advisor on behalf of itself and each such applicable Holder that (i) such Noteholder Party has been furnished with all materials it considers relevant to making an investment decision to enter into the Exchange and has had the
opportunity to review the Issuers filings and submissions with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including, without limitation, all information filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act, (ii)
the Issuer is in possession of information about the Issuer (including material non-public information) that may impact the value of the Existing Notes and/or the New Notes and may not be included in the
information available to such Noteholder Party, (iii) notwithstanding any such informational disparity, such Noteholder Party has had a full opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from the Issuer or any person or persons acting on
behalf of the Issuer concerning the Issuer, its business, operations, financial performance, financial condition and prospects and the terms and conditions of the Exchange, has independently evaluated the risks and merits regarding the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Exchange and the New Notes) and wishes to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with its terms,
including the Exchange, (iv) each applicable Holder has had a sufficient amount of time to consider whether to participate in the Exchange and neither the Issuer nor any of its representatives has placed any pressure on any such Holder to
respond to the opportunity to participate in the Exchange, (v) neither the Issuer nor any other person acting on behalf of the Issuer, including, without limitation, any financial advisor of any of the foregoing (including the Financial
Advisor), is acting as a fiduciary, financial or investment advisor to such Noteholder Party or any such applicable Holder, or has made or is making any representation or warranty to such Noteholder Party, any such applicable Holder or any other
person, whether express or implied, of any kind or character (including, without limitation, as to the accuracy or completeness of any information, the creditworthiness of the Issuer or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), and
(vi) neither such Noteholder Party nor any such applicable Holder is relying upon, nor has relied upon, any statement, advice (whether legal, regulatory, tax, credit, accounting, business, financial or other), representation or warranty made by
the Issuer or any other person regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise, except, in the case of clauses (v) and (vi), for the representations and warranties expressly made by the Issuer in
Section 3. Such Noteholder Party has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of independently evaluating the merits and risks of its prospective investment in the New Notes; has the
ability to bear the economic risks of its prospective investment and can afford the complete loss of such investment; acknowledges that investment in the New Notes involves a high degree of risk; has, independently and without reliance upon the
Issuer or the Financial Advisor, made its own analysis and decision to participate in the Exchange on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; has been furnished with or has had full access to all the information that it considers
necessary or appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the Exchange; and was given a meaningful opportunity to negotiate the terms of the Exchange. 

(j) Such Noteholder Party acknowledges and agrees for the benefit of the Issuer and the Financial Advisor that such Noteholder Party and each
such applicable Holder has (i) had the opportunity to consult with its respective legal, regulatory, tax, credit, accounting, business and financial advisors to be able to evaluate the risks involved in the Exchange and to make an informed
investment decision with respect to the Exchange and (ii) made its own independent assessment, to its satisfaction, concerning any and all legal, regulatory, tax, credit, accounting, business and financial considerations with respect to the
Issuer, the Existing Notes and the New Notes in connection with its acquisition of the New Notes contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, whether it will result in any adverse tax consequences to each such applicable Holder. 

4 

(k) Such Noteholder Party is not and will not, nor are or will any of the applicable Holders
be, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any individual, corporation, company, association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or unincorporated organization, or a government or any agency or
political subdivision thereof, which could result in such Noteholder Party or any of the applicable Holders having any obligation or liability for any brokerage fees, commissions, underwriting discounts or other similar fees or expenses relating to
the Exchange. 

(l) The sole consideration paid, given or otherwise provided to the Issuer for the New Notes consists of the Exchanged
Notes delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the terms hereof. Such Noteholder Party and each such applicable Holder expressly acknowledges that upon issuance and delivery, as applicable, of the New Notes by the Issuer (and payment of accrued and
unpaid interest as contemplated by Section 5(c) below), the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholder Party and each such applicable Holder in respect of the Exchanged Notes shall have been satisfied in full. 

(m) Such Noteholder Party and each such applicable Holder is not, nor has been at any time during the consecutive three (3) month period
preceding the date hereof, a director, officer or affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (solely for the purposes of this clause (m), each, an Affiliate) of the Issuer. A period
of at least one (1) year (calculated in the manner provided in Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act) has lapsed since the Exchanged Notes of any such applicable Holder were acquired from the Issuer or from a person known by any of the
applicable Holders or such Noteholder Party to be an Affiliate of the Issuer. 

(n) Such Noteholder Party and each such applicable Holder
has not, directly or indirectly, and no person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with them has, disclosed to a third party (except for its agents and investment manager) any information regarding the Exchange nor engaged in any
transactions in the securities of the Issuer (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (as defined below) involving any of the Issuers securities) from the time that such investment professionals affiliated with the Noteholder Party
(i.e., persons other than compliance personnel) were wall-crossed by either the Issuer or the Financial Advisor regarding the Exchange or this Agreement to the date of this Agreement. Such Noteholder Party covenants that neither it nor any
applicable Holder, nor any person acting on its or their behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it or them shall disclose to a third party (except for its agents and investment manager) any information regarding the Exchange or engage,
directly or indirectly, in any transactions in the securities of the Issuer (including Short Sales) prior to the time the Exchange is publicly disclosed by the Issuer. Short Sales include all short sales as defined in Rule
200 of Regulation SHO promulgated under the Exchange Act, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, derivatives and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis),
and sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker-dealers or foreign regulated brokers. 

5 

(o) Such Noteholder Party and each such applicable Holder expressly acknowledges that it is
not participating in the Exchange on the basis of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of the Securities Act, including, but not limited to (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. 

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer. The Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Noteholder Partiesthat the following statements are true and correct as of the date hereof: 

(a) The Issuer is duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation and has all necessary corporate or similar power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder and consummate the Exchange. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Issuer and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or similar action on the part of the Issuer. No other votes, written consents, actions or proceedings by
or on behalf of the Issuer are necessary to authorize this Agreement or the performance of its obligations hereunder. 

(b) This Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Issuer. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by (i) the effects
of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally or (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(c) The execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the
Issuer, the Issuers compliance with the provisions hereof and the consummation of the Exchange will not (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both): (i) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any provision
of the organizational or governing documents of the Issuer; (ii) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under any law, regulation or, with notice, stock exchange rule, or governmental or judicial decree, injunction or order
applicable to the Issuer; or (iii) require any consent or approval under, violate, conflict with or result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in termination or give to others any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding that is binding on the Issuer or on any of its properties or assets (including, without limitation, any indentures, credit facilities or agreements under which the
Issuer has issued debt securities or has outstanding indebtedness), except, in the case of clause (ii) and (iii) above, where not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

6 

(d) The New Notes to be issued by the Issuer to the Holders under this Agreement pursuant to
the New Indenture will, upon issuance thereof, have been duly authorized for issuance pursuant to this Agreement and the New Indenture and, upon issuance thereof, will have been duly executed by the Issuer and, when authenticated in the manner to be
provided for in the New Indenture and delivered in exchange for the Exchanged Notes, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by
(i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be entitled to the benefits of the New Indenture. 

(e) The New Indenture to be entered into on the date hereof in connection with the issuance of the New Notes and the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the New Notes (the Conversion Shares), have been duly authorized by the Issuer and the New Indenture when entered into will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Issuer, enforceable against
the Issuer in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(f) The Conversion Shares have been reserved by the Issuer and, when issued upon conversion of the New Notes in accordance with the terms of
the New Notes, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the issuance of such Conversion Shares will not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights that have not been irrevocably waived or
validly excluded. 

(g) Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Noteholder Parties contained in
Section 2 hereof and each Noteholder Partys compliance with Section 4(a) hereof, the New Notes will be issued pursuant to and in compliance with an applicable exemption or exemptions from
registration under the Securities Act. 

(h) The execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the consummation of the Exchange) do not and will not require any registration or filing with, the consent or approval of, notice to, or any other action with respect to
(with or without due notice, lapse of time, or both), any governmental authority, other than (i) Current Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished by the Issuer with respect to the Exchange, (ii) such
as have been made or obtained and are in full force and effect, (iii) any registration, filings or notices that are required for compliance with any applicable securities or blue sky laws of any state and (iv) such
registrations, filings, consents, approvals, notices or other actions that, if not obtained or made, would not reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby. 

7 

(i) The common stock of the Issuer, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common
Stock), is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market, and the Issuer has taken no action designed to, or which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, is reasonably likely to have
the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from The Nasdaq Global Select Market, nor has the Issuer received as of the date of this Agreement any notification or any other
relevant evidence which indicates that the SEC or The Nasdaq Global Select Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. As of the date hereof, the Conversion Shares shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market. 

(j) There is no action, lawsuit, arbitration, claim or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Issuer, threatened,
against the Issuer, except any of the foregoing that is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(k) As of the date of this Agreement, the reports filed by the Issuer with the SEC since December 31, 2023 do not, (i) when taken as
a whole, include an untrue statement of material fact or (ii) omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, when taken as a whole and in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. 

Section 4. Covenants. 

(a) Each Noteholder Party covenants and agrees that neither it nor any applicable Holder will sell any of the New Notes to be received by it
or them pursuant to this Agreement unless such sale has been registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption from registration is available for such sale. 

(b) The Issuer will be responsible for payment of any transfer, documentary, court, stamp or similar taxes (Transfer Taxes)
imposed with respect to the exchange of the Exchanged Notes, except (i) to the extent attributable to the Noteholder Party instructing the Issuer to register the New Notes in the name of a person other than the applicable Holder, in which case
the Noteholder Party will be responsible for the payment of any Transfer Taxes imposed with respect to the exchange of the Exchanged Notes or (ii) to the extent imposed for any reason other than the transfer of the Exchanged Notes to the Issuer
in exchange for the New Notes. 

(c) The Issuer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold such amounts as are required to be deducted and
withheld under applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax law (including U.S. federal backup withholding) with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the extent any amounts are so deducted and withheld and paid
over to the applicable taxing authority, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been made to the person in respect of whom such deduction and withholding was made. 

(d) Each Noteholder Party and each Holder, as applicable, covenants and agrees that it shall, upon request, promptly execute and deliver any
additional documents reasonably deemed by Issuer to be necessary or desirable to complete the Exchange; provided that such additional documents are consistent with the terms hereof and do not include any additional liabilities or obligations
of any of the Noteholder Parties or the Holders without each Noteholder Partys prior written consent. 

8 

(e) On or before 9:30a.m., New York City time, on the business day after the date hereof,
the Issuer shall disclose all material terms of this Agreement, the New Indenture, the New Notes and the Issuers fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 preliminary results and first quarter and fiscal year 2025 guidance shared with certain of the
Noteholder Parties, through the distribution of a press release via a widely circulated news or wire service or the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC. The Issuer agrees that none of the
information conveyed to the Noteholder Parties and Holders in connection with the Exchange or otherwise will constitute material nonpublic information of the Issuer or its securities upon distribution of such press release and/or the filing of such
Current Report on Form 8-K.

(f) The Issuer agrees that it shall execute and deliver, or cause to
be executed and delivered, such other documents, instruments and agreements, and take such other actions, including giving any further assurances, as the Noteholder Parties may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

Section 5. Settlement; Cancellation of Exchanged Notes. On the date hereof, the Parties shall consummate the Exchange
in the following manner: 

(a) each Noteholder Party shall (as applicable), and shall cause each applicable Holder to, deliver or cause to
be delivered to the Issuer (i) all of the Exchanged Notes set forth on Schedule I hereto opposite such Noteholder Partys or Holders, as applicable, name for acceptance and cancellation via DTC and (ii) not later than
five business days from the date hereof, a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-9 or W-8, as applicable. 

(b) promptly following receipt of all of the Exchanged Notes, the Issuer shall (i) deliver to the Existing Trustee an Authentication,
Delivery and Cancellation Order substantially in the form set forth on Exhibit B hereto and (ii) issue to each Holder via DTC, pursuant to the New Indenture, New Notes equal to the amount set forth on Schedule I hereto opposite
such Holders name by delivering, or causing to be delivered, to such Holder, through its custodian(s) as specified on Schedule I hereto opposite such Holders name. 

(c) any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date hereof on the Exchanged Notes held by each Noteholder Party or Holder, as
applicable, shall be paid by the Issuer as interest on the New Notes in accordance with the terms thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to each holder of New Notes as of the applicable record date through the facilities of DTC on
the first interest payment date of the New Notes following the date hereof; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any delay in the delivery of the Exchanged Notes to DTC for cancellation, no additional interest shall
accrue on such Exchanged Notes. 

9 

Section 6. Conditions. The obligations of the Noteholder Parties to exchange
their Existing Notes for the New Notes shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(a) The Noteholder Parties shall have received
executed copies of this Agreement and the New Indenture. 

(b) Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, counsel to the Issuer, shall have
furnished to the Noteholder Parties, as of the date hereof, a customary written opinion concerning certain matters pertaining to the Issuer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Noteholder Parties. 

(c) The Noteholder Parties shall have received such other documents, instruments and agreements as the Noteholder Parties may reasonably
request in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 7. Further Assurances. If the Existing Trustee
and/or U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee for the New Notes is unable to locate a Noteholder Partys DWAC withdrawal or deposit request, as applicable, or such DWAC withdrawal or deposit request does not conform to the
information set forth in the Authentication, Delivery and Cancellation Order referenced in Section 5(b), the Parties agree to cooperate using commercially reasonable efforts to effect the cancellation of Exchanged Notes
and/or delivery of the New Notes contemplated hereby, as applicable, as promptly as reasonably practicable after it would otherwise take place, and such failure shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement by either Party; provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any delay in the delivery of the Exchanged Notes, no additional interest shall accrue on the Exchanged Notes from and after the date hereof. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
each of the Parties hereby covenants and agrees to use its reasonable best efforts, as expeditiously as possible and during the term of this Agreement, to perform its respective obligations under this Agreement and take such actions as may be
reasonably necessary under this Agreement to consummate the Exchange, including the obtaining of all necessary, proper or advisable consents, approvals or waivers from third parties and the execution and delivery of any additional instruments
reasonably necessary to consummate the Exchange contemplated hereby. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Noteholder Parties shall cause each applicable Holder to comply with such Holders obligations under this Agreement. 

10 

Section 8. Tax Matters. The Parties agree that (i) the New Notes are
treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is not governed by the rules set out in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4 and (ii) the Issuer shall be entitled to determine in good
faith the issue price (within the meaning of Section 108(e)(10) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) of the New Notes in accordance with the Code, the Treasury Regulations promulgated
thereunder and any other applicable law (collectively, the Tax Determinations). Except to the extent otherwise required pursuant to a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code, the Parties
shall not and the Noteholder Parties shall cause each other Holder not to, take any position inconsistent with any Tax Determination on any tax return, in any tax proceeding or otherwise. 

Section 9. Survival. 

(a) This Agreement and the obligations of the Parties hereunder will terminate upon the earliest of (A) the mutual written consent of the
Parties and (B) the consummation of the Exchange. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no termination of this
Agreement shall relieve or otherwise limit the liability of any Party for any breach of this Agreement occurring prior to such termination. Notwithstanding Section 9(a), this Section 9(b),Section 2, Section 3, Section 8 and Section 13 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 

Section 10. Effectiveness. This Agreement shall not become effective and binding on a Party unless and until a counterpart
signature page to this Agreement has been executed and delivered by such Party. 

Section 11. Waivers and Amendments. This
Agreement may not be changed, amended, terminated, augmented, rescinded or discharged (other than in accordance with its terms), in whole or in part, except by a writing executed by each of the Parties hereto. Any failure of a Party to comply with
any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition in this Agreement may be waived by the Party or Parties entitled to the benefits thereof only by a written instrument signed by the Party or Parties granting such waiver. No delay on the part of any
Party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver thereof; nor will any waiver on the part of any party to this Agreement of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement operate as a waiver of any
other right, power or privilege under this Agreement, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege
under this Agreement. 

Section 12. Release. Each Noteholder Party (for itself and on behalf of each other Holder) hereby
waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all claims and causes of action it has or may have against the Issuer and its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives based upon, relating to or
arising out of nondisclosure of any information in connection with the exchange of the Exchanged Notes pursuant to the terms hereof; provided, however, that in no event shall any waivers, discharges and releases provided herein apply to the
Issuer, its officers, directors, employees and Affiliates in respect of the 

11 

Issuers fraud or willful misconduct. The Noteholder Parties acknowledge (for itself and on behalf of each other Holder) that none of the Issuer or any of its directors, officers,
subsidiaries or affiliates has made or makes any representations or warranties, whether express or implied, of any kind except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. 

Section 13. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted under, or otherwise given in connection with, this Agreement
will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given (i) when delivered or sent if delivered in person by courier service or messenger or sent by email or (ii) on the next business day if transmitted by international overnight
courier, in each case as follows: 

If to the Issuer, addressed to: 

The RealReal, Inc. 

55 Francisco
Street Suite 150 

San Francisco, CA 94133 

Attention: Todd Suko, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

E-mail: todd.suko@therealreal.com 

with a copy to (for informational purposes only): 

Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz 

51 West 52nd Street 

New York,
New York 10019 

Attention: Michael S. Benn 

E-mail: MSBenn@wlrk.com 

If to a Noteholder Party, to the address on the signature page to this Agreement. 

(b) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without
regard to laws that may be applicable under conflicts of laws principles (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. 

(c) Venue. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the Parties irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that any legal
action, suit, or proceeding with respect to any matter under or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment rendered in any such action, suit, or proceeding, shall be brought in a court of
competent jurisdiction located in the City of New York. Each Party irrevocably waives any objection it may have to the venue of any action, suit, or proceeding brought in such court or to the convenience of the forum. 

12 

(d) Personal Jurisdiction. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the
Parties irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the personal jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction located in the City of New York for purposes of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

(e) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO
INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY OR HOLDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY OR HOLDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT
OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (ii) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (iii) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 13(e). 

(f) Remedies. The Parties agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the Parties will be entitled to seek an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of appropriate jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any and all remedies in this Agreement expressly conferred upon a Party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such
Party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. 

(g) Severability. If any
term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement will nevertheless remain in full force and
effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced, the Parties will negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the
extent possible. 

(h) Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties and their successors
and assigns. No Party shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder or, in the case of the Holders, any of its Exchanged Notes, without the prior written consent of the Issuer (in the case of assignment by a Noteholder Party or
Holder) or the Noteholder Parties (in the case of assignment by the Issuer). Any assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio. 

13 

(i) No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Unless expressly stated or referred to herein, this
Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of the Parties and no other person shall be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any internal or outside counsel to the Issuer may rely on
any and all of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement solely in connection with the issuance of legal opinions relating to the Exchange. 

(j) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with all exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement
among the Parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements among the Parties with respect thereto. 

(k) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard
form of telecommunication), and by the different Parties in separate counterparts, each of which when executed will be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile copies or
PDF or similar electronic data format copies of signatures shall constitute original signatures for all purposes of this Agreement and any enforcement hereof. 

(l) Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. 

(m) Interpretation. This Agreement is the product of negotiations among the Parties, and in the
enforcement or interpretation hereof, is to be interpreted in a neutral manner, and any presumption with regard to interpretation for or against any Party by reason of that Party having drafted or caused to be drafted this Agreement, or any portion
hereof, shall not be effective in regard to the interpretation hereof. 

[Signature pages follow] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Agreement as of the date first
above set forth. 

THE REALREAL, INC.

By: 

/s/ Ajay Madan Gopal

Name: Ajay Madan Gopal

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature page to
Exchange Agreement] 

Accepted and agreed as of the date first written above: 

Remaining signature pages on file. 

[Signature page to
Exchange Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

On file. 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF INDENTURE 

On file. 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF AUTHENTICATION, DELIVERY AND CANCELLATION ORDER 

On file.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d929762dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

The RealReal Reports Strong Preliminary Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Results; Projects Profitable Growth for 2025; Completes Strategic Debt Exchange
Strengthening its Financial Position 

SAN FRANCISCO, February 10, 2025 The RealReal (Nasdaq: REAL)the worlds
largest online marketplace for authenticated, resale luxury goodstoday provided preliminary unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2024 and announced its entry into strategic debt exchange
transactions with certain holders of its 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), reducing its total indebtedness by approximately $37 million and extending a significant portion of its 2028 maturities to 2031. 

Preliminary Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Results 

I am pleased to report strong Q4 and full year 2024 preliminary results. Our growth playbook combined with operational excellence enabled us to deliver
GMV and Adjusted EBITDA above our guidance range, said Rati Levesque, President and Chief Executive Officer of The RealReal. 2024 marked an important inflection point for our business. We achieved positive Adjusted EBITDA for the year,
and were just getting started. 

Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) and Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter and full year are expected to exceed
previously issued guidance ranges, as outlined in the table below. 

Q4 2024 Preliminary Results 

Prior Q4 2024 Guidance

GMV 

$503.5 million 

$484.0 - $500.0 million 

Total Revenue 

$163.1 - $164.1 million 

$158.0 - $165.0 million 

Adjusted EBITDA 

$10.7 $11.2 million* 

$6.5 - $9.5 million 

FY 2024 Preliminary Results 

Prior FY 2024 Guidance

GMV 

$1.829 billion 

$1.810 - $1.826 billion

Total Revenue 

$599.6 - $600.6 million 

$595 - $602 million

Adjusted EBITDA 

$9.0 - $9.5 million* 

$4.7 - $7.7 million

* 

Adjusted EBITDA is based on preliminary net loss ranges of $(68.8) million and $(68.3) million and $(134.5)
million and $(134.0) for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024, respectively. Net loss includes an adjustment of $(59.0) million and $(68.2) million related to the change in fair value of our warrant liability for the three and
twelve months ended December 31, 2024, respectively. 

The Companys preliminary financial results are based on the
Companys current estimate of its results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2024, and remain subject to change based on the completion of closing and review procedures and the execution of the Companys internal
controls over financial reporting. 

First Quarter and Full Year 2025 Financial Outlook 

Based on market conditions as of February 10, 2025, we are providing guidance for GMV, total revenue, and Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. 

Ajay Gopal, Chief Financial Officer of The RealReal, said, The RealReal has made
tremendous headway on our growth and profitability goals. We look forward to continuing this momentum in 2025, expanding Adjusted EBITDA margin through the combination of our growth playbook and operational efficiencies driven by our data,
technology, and AI capabilities. 

Gopal continued, We delivered significant gross margin improvements in 2024 setting the stage for consistent
and largely sustainable rates going forward. We will continue to stay focused on accelerating full year growth and delivering operating leverage. For full year 2025, we expect Adjusted EBITDA in the range of $20M to $30M, which demonstrates the
power of this business model as we scale. 

Q1 2025 Guidance

GMV 

$484 - $492 million

Total Revenue 

$157 - $161 million

Adjusted EBITDA 

$3.0 - $4.5 million

FY 2025 Guidance

GMV 

$1.96 - $1.99 billion

Total Revenue 

$645 - $660 million

Adjusted EBITDA 

$20 - $30 million

We have not reconciled forward-looking Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP measure,
because we cannot predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of certain components of such reconciliations, including payroll tax expense on employee stock transactions, that are not within our control, or other components that may
arise, without unreasonable effort. For these reasons, we are unable to assess the probable significance of the unavailable information, which could materially impact the amount of future net income (loss). 

Convertible Debt Exchange Announcement 

On
February 10, 2025, The RealReal consummated private, separately negotiated debt exchange transactions with holders representing in aggregate approximately 65% of its outstanding 2028 Notes, pursuant to which The RealReal will issue
approximately $147 million principal amount of new 4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the New Notes) in exchange for approximately $183 million principal amount of its 2028 Notes (the Exchange Transactions),
in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. Certain financial information included in this release was provided to holders of the 2028 Notes in conjunction with the
announcement of the Exchange Transactions. 

As a result of the Exchange Transactions, the Company reduced its total indebtedness by approximately
$37 million and extended a significant portion of its 2028 maturities. 

We are pleased to reduce our total indebtedness by approximately
$37 million, adding to the $17 million reduction made in February 2024. This represents another milestone as we rebalance our debt maturity cycle, strengthen our financial position, enhance our capital structure flexibility, and continue
executing on our strategic pillars, said Levesque. 

Moelis & Company LLC is serving as financial advisor, and Wachtell, Lipton,
Rosen & Katz is serving as legal counsel to The RealReal in connection with the Exchange Transactions. 

The RealReal Fourth Quarter and Full
Year 2024 Earnings Call 

The Company will release its actual financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2024, after
the market closes on February 20, 2025. The RealReal will host a conference call at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time (5:00 p.m. Eastern Time) to review its financial results. A live webcast of the conference call will be available
online at investor.therealreal.com. The archived webcast will be available shortly after the call at the same location. To access the conference call by phone, participants will need to register to obtain a
dial-in phone number and an access code. Register for the call using this link.

About The RealReal Inc.

The RealReal is the worlds largest online marketplace for authenticated, resale luxury goods, with 37 million members. With a
rigorous authentication process overseen by experts, The RealReal provides a safe and reliable platform for consumers to buy and sell their luxury items. We have hundreds of in-house gemologists,
horologists and brand authenticators who inspect thousands of items each day. As a 

sustainable company, we give new life to pieces by thousands of brands across numerous categoriesincluding womens and mens fashion, fine jewelry and watches, art and
homein support of the circular economy. We make selling effortless with free virtual appointments, in-home pickup, drop-off and direct shipping. We handle all of
the work for consignors, including authenticating, using AI and machine learning to determine optimal pricing, photographing and listing their items, as well as shipping and customer service. 

Investor Relations Contact: 

Caitlin Howe 

IR@therealreal.com 

Press Contact: 

Mallory Johnston 

PR@therealreal.com 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains
forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, the future performance of The RealReal that are based on the companys current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, target, contemplate,
project, believe, estimate, predict, intend, potential, continue, ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These
statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future operating and financial results, including our strategies, plans, commitments, objectives and goals, in particular in the context of the impacts of recent geopolitical events,
including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, and uncertainty surrounding macro-economic trends, the debt exchange, financial guidance, anticipated growth in 2025, the anticipated impact of generative AI, and long-range
financial targets and projections. Actual results could differ materially from those predicted or implied and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. Other factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, inflation, macroeconomic uncertainty, geopolitical instability, any failure to generate a supply of consigned goods, pricing pressure on the consignment market resulting from discounting in the market for
new goods, failure to efficiently and effectively operate our merchandising and fulfillment operations, labor shortages and other reasons. 

More
information about factors that could affect the companys operating results is included under the captions Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in
the companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be
obtained by visiting the companys Investor Relations website at https://investor.therealreal.com or the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which are
based on information available to the company on the date hereof. The company assumes no obligation to update such statements. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

To supplement our unaudited and condensed financial statements presented in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures, including GMV and Adjusted EBITDA. We have provided a reconciliation of
adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in this release. 

We do not, nor do we suggest that investors should, consider such
non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors should also note that non-GAAP
financial measures we use may not be the same non-GAAP financial measures, and may not be calculated in the same manner, as that of other companies, including other companies in our industry. 

Adjusted EBITDA is a key performance measure that our management uses to assess our operating performance. Because Adjusted EBITDA facilitates internal
comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis, we use this measure as an overall assessment of our performance, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies and for business planning purposes. Adjusted
EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled metrics of other companies. 

We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net loss before interest income,
interest expense, other (income) expense net, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, further adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation, CEO separation benefit, and transition costs, employer payroll tax expense on
employee stock transactions, legal settlement charges, restructuring, warehouse fire costs (net), gain on extinguishment of debt, change in fair value of warrant liabilities and certain one-time expenses. The
employer payroll tax expense related to employee stock transactions is tied to the vesting or exercise of underlying equity awards and the price of our common stock at the time of vesting, which may vary from period to period independent of the
operating performance of our business. Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations as the measure excludes the impact of certain expenses that are included in our statements of operations that are necessary to run our business and should not be
considered as an alternative to net loss or any other measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 

In particular,
the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating Adjusted EBITDA facilitates operating performance comparisons on a period-to-period basis and, in the case of exclusion
of the impact of stock-based compensation and the related employer payroll tax expense on employee stock transactions, excludes an item that we do not consider to be indicative of our core operating performance. Investors should, however, understand
that stock-based compensation and the related employer payroll tax expense will be a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of the compensation provided to our employees. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA
provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. 

Three Months Ended

December 31, 2024 Year Ended

December 31, 2024 

Low

Estimate High

Estimate Low

Estimate High

Estimate 

(in thousands) 

Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation: 

Net loss $ (68,762 ) $ (68,262 ) $ (134,510 ) $ (134,010 ) 

Add (deduct): 

Depreciation and amortization 8,294 8,294 33,100 33,100 

Interest income (1,671 ) (1,671 ) (7,943 ) (7,943 ) 

Interest expense 5,916 5,916 21,384 21,384 

Provision for income taxes 98 98 276 276 

EBITDA (56,125 ) (55,625 ) (87,693 ) (87,193 ) 

Stock-based compensation expense 6,502 6,502 29,082 29,082 

CEO separation benefit and transition
costs(1) 782 782 782 782 

Payroll taxes on employee stock transactions 121 121 371 371 

Legal settlement 600 600 

Restructuring charges 196 196 

Gain on extinguishment of debt (4,177 ) (4,177 ) 

Change in fair value of warrant
liability(2) 58,958 58,958 68,167 68,167 

One time expenses(3) 462 462 1,672 1,672 

Adjusted EBITDA $ 10,700 $ 11,200 $ 9,000 $ 9,500 

(1) 

The CEO separation benefits and transition costs for the year ended December 31, 2024 consist of severance
and benefits payable to John Koryl pursuant to his separation agreement. 

(2) 

The change in fair value of warrant liability for the year ended December 31, 2024 reflects the
remeasurement of the warrants issued by the Company in connection with the Note Exchange in February 2024. 

(3) 

One time expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 consists of vendor services settlement and
estimated losses, net of estimated insurance recoveries related to the fire at one of our New Jersey authentication centers.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>real-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>real-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>real-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g929762g0209094406310.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g929762g0209094406593.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g929762g0209094406813.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g929762g0209094407063.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g929762g0209094407295.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g929762g0209094407516.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name TheRealReal, Inc.

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001573221

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38953

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-1234222

Entity Address, Address Line One 55 Francisco Street Suite 150

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94133

City Area Code (855)

Local Phone Number 435-5893

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.00001 par value

Trading Symbol REAL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.therealreal.com//20250210/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d929762d8k.htm 
real-20250210.xsd 
real-20250210_lab.xml 
real-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-023641-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>d929762d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001573221 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

TheRealReal, Inc. 
false 
0001573221 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
DE 
001-38953 
45-1234222 
55 Francisco Street Suite 150 
San Francisco 
CA 
94133 
(855) 
435-5893 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.00001 par value 
REAL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>