<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-052600.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-052600.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312092137
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-052600
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Udemy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001607939
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				271779864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40956
		FILM NUMBER:		25730207

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 378-4789

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d901444d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000160793900016079392025-03-112025-03-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 11, 2025

Udemy, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-40956 27-1779864

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

600 Harrison Street, 3rd Floor 

San Francisco, California 94107

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(415)813-1710

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share UDMY The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On March 11, 2025, the board of directors (the Board) of Udemy, Inc. (the Company) appointed Hugo Sarrazin to succeed Greg Brown as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, effective as of March 12, 2025 (the Transition Date). In connection with this CEO transition, on March 11, 2025 and effective as of the Transition Date, the Board fixed the size of the Board at nine directors and, to fill the resulting vacancy, appointed Mr. Sarrazin to serve as a Class III director. Mr. Sarrazin will serve until the Companys 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Mr. Sarrazin, age 56, previously served at UKG Inc. as EVP, Chief Product and Technology Officer from October 2021 to April 2024 and as President, Chief Product and Technology Officer from April 2024 to February 2025. Prior to UKG, Mr. Sarrazin spent nearly 27 years at McKinsey & Co., where he managed McKinseys business technology practice in Silicon Valley, including most recently as a senior partner and member of the executive committee from September 2019 to October 2021. Mr. Sarrazin holds a Ph.D. and M.Sc. in engineering from Stanford University and a B. App. Sc. in engineering from the University of Ottawa. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Sarrazin, on the one hand, and the Company or any other persons, on the other hand, pursuant to which Mr. Sarrazin has been appointed. There are no related party transactions between the Company and Mr. Sarrazin requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Sarrazin does not have any family relationships with any of the Companys directors or executive officers. 

In connection with Mr. Sarrazins appointment as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, the Company and Mr. Sarrazin entered into an employment agreement dated as of March 11, 2025 (the Employment Agreement). The Employment Agreement does not have a specific term and provides that Mr. Sarrazin will be an at-will employee. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Sarrazin will be entitled to the following compensation and benefits: 

A base salary of $600,000 per year and eligibility to receive an annual target bonus up to 100% of Mr. Sarrazins base salary. 

An initial grant of restricted stock units (RSUs) with a target value of $10.0 million, which RSUs will be issued pursuant to the Companys 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and form of RSU award agreement thereunder. One-third of the RSUs will vest after one year, with the remainder vesting in equal quarterly installments over the following two years. 

Eligibility to participate in the Companys standard benefit plans as in effect from time to time, on the same basis as those benefit plans are generally made available to other similarly situated executives of the Company. 

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto. 

The Company and Mr. Sarrazin also entered into a change-in-control and severance agreement dated as of March 11, 2025. Mr. Sarrazins change in control and severance agreement provides for an initial term ending on September 1, 2027. At the end of the initial term and each third anniversary thereafter, the agreement will renew automatically for additional three-year terms unless either party provides the other with written notice of non-renewal at least 60 days prior to such automatic renewal. 

Pursuant to Mr. Sarrazins change in control and severance agreement, if, within the three-month period prior to or the 12-month period following a change in control (defined in the agreement), we terminate the employment of Mr. Sarrazin without cause (excluding death or disability) or Mr. Sarrazin resigns for good reason (defined in the agreement), and within 60 days following such termination, Mr. Sarrazin executes a waiver and release of claims in our favor that becomes effective and irrevocable, Mr. Sarrazin will be entitled to receive (i) a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of Mr. Sarrazins then current annual base salary plus 100% of Mr. Sarrazins annual target bonus for the year of termination, (ii) payment of premiums to maintain group health insurance continuation benefits pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA) for Mr. Sarrazin and Mr. Sarrazins respective eligible dependents for up to 12 months, and (iii) vesting acceleration as to 100% of the then-unvested shares subject to each of Mr. Sarrazins then outstanding equity awards (and in the case of awards with performance vesting, unless the applicable award agreement governing such award provides otherwise, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at target levels of achievement). 

Pursuant to Mr. Sarrazins change in control and severance agreement, if, outside of the 3-month period prior to or the 12-month period following a change in control, we terminate the employment of Mr. Sarrazin without cause (excluding death or disability) or Mr. Sarrazin resigns for good reason, and within 60 days following such termination, Mr. Sarrazin executes a waiver and release of claims in our favor that becomes effective and irrevocable Mr. Sarrazin will be entitled to receive (i) a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of Mr. Sarrazins then current annual base salary, an amount equal to his earned prior year bonus if such bonus is unpaid as of the date of termination, and an amount equal to his pro-rated annual target bonus, (ii) payment of premiums to maintain group health insurance continuation benefits pursuant to COBRA for Mr. Sarrazin and Mr. Sarrazins respective eligible dependents for up to 12 months, and (iii) if the qualifying termination occurs within 1 year following Mr. Sarrazins start date, 1/3 of the RSUs subject to Mr. Sarrazins initial equity award will vest, and if the qualifying termination occurs on or after 1 year following Mr. Sarrazins start date, in addition to the RSUs that vested during the course of his employment, an additional 1/12 of the RSUs subject to Mr. Sarrazins initial equity award will vest. 

In the event of a change in control, Mr. Sarrazins change in control and severance agreement provides that if payments related to a change in control would be subjected to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, and if reducing the amount of the payments would result in greater benefits to Mr. Sarrazin (after taking into consideration the payment of all income and excise taxes that would be owed as a result of the change in control payments), we will reduce the change in control payments by the amount necessary to maximize the benefits received by him, determined on an after-tax basis. The agreement does not provide for tax gross up payments. 

The foregoing description of Mr. Sarrazins change of control and severance agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto. Additionally, the Company will enter into its standard form of indemnification agreement with Mr. Sarrazin. 

In connection with the CEO transition, as of the Transition Date, Mr. Brown ceased to be the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer and became a full-time, non-executive employee of the Company, and is expected to remain employed by the Company for a transition period ending on June 30, 2025 pursuant to the terms of a transition agreement (the Transition Agreement) entered into as of March 11, 2025. Based on the Boards decision with respect to Mr. Browns employment and subject to the parties execution of a separation agreement and release of claims (the Separation Agreement) and the Separation Agreement becoming effective, Mr. Brown will be eligible for the separation benefits for a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination as set forth in Section 3(a) of his change in control and severance agreement (the form of which was previously filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the 10-K, and as previously described in the Companys proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 11, 2024) upon conclusion of the transition period. Additionally, provided that he remains continuously employed by the Company through June 30, 2025 and both parties execute the Separation Agreement and it becomes effective, the Company and Mr. Brown have agreed that Mr. Brown will continue his relationship with the Company as a consultant pursuant to a post-employment consulting agreement (the Consulting Agreement), the term of which will commence immediately following Mr. Browns last day of employment. The Consulting Agreement provides that Mr. Brown will provide further transitional advice and other general business advice and assistance to the Company. Mr. Browns existing equity incentive awards will continue to vest during the term of the Consulting Agreement and he will continue to be deemed a service provider for purposes of the Companys equity incentive plans. The Consulting Agreement will expire on December 31, 2025 unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. The foregoing description of the Transition Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 hereto. 

On March 12, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing the matters described in this Item 5.02 which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

The Press Release also reaffirmed the Companys financial outlook provided on February 13, 2025. The Press Release announcing such affirmation is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the accompanying Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of Section 18. The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the accompanying Exhibit 99.1, shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Employment Letter, dated March 11, 2025, by and between Udemy, Inc. and Hugo Sarrazin 

10.2 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated March 11, 2025, by and between Udemy, Inc. and Hugo Sarrazin 

10.3 Transition Agreement, dated March 11, 2025, by and between Udemy, Inc. and Greg Brown 

99.1 Press release dated March 12, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

UDEMY, INC.

Date: March 12, 2025 By: 

/s/ Sarah Blanchard

Sarah Blanchard

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d901444dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Employment Letter 

March 11, 2025 

Hugo Sarrazin 

Dear Hugo: 

This letter agreement (the
Agreement) is entered into between Udemy, Inc. (Udemy or the Company) and you to confirm the terms and conditions of your employment. 

1. Position. Your title will be Chief Executive Officer, reporting to the Companys Board of Directors (the
Board). This is a full-time, remote position, provided that you will be required to work onsite in one of our Udemy office locations at least one week per month. For so long as you serve as Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, you will also serve as a member of the Board, subject to the Companys charter and bylaws and your formal appointment by the Board. If your position as Chief Executive Officer is terminated for any reason, your membership on the Board
and the boards of any Company subsidiaries, as well as any officer positions with such entities, will also be terminated. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity
(whether full time or part-time) directly related to the business in which Udemy is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment without the prior approval of the Board, nor will you engage in any other activities that
conflict with your obligations to Udemy. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other policy applicable to you, you shall not be restricted from: (a) making and managing passive investments, (b) participating in professional and
charitable organizations in an unpaid capacity, and/or (c) serving as a director or advisor as set forth in Exhibit A; in each case, in a manner and to the extent that such activities will not materially interfere with your duties to the
Company. By signing this Agreement, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. Your employment start date will be mutually
determined by you and the Company, but shall be no later than March 12, 2025 (the actual first day of employment shall be referred to herein as the Start Date). 

2. Compensation and Benefits. 

(a) Base Salary. Your rate of annual base salary will be $600,000 per year, less applicable withholding, which will be paid in
accordance with the Companys normal payroll procedures. 

(b) Annual Bonus Opportunity. Your annual target bonus opportunity
will be 100% of your annual base salary (the Target Bonus). The Target Bonus shall be subject to review and may be adjusted based upon the Companys normal performance review practices. Your actual bonuses shall
be based upon achievement of performance objectives to be 

determined by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion. Bonuses will be paid as soon as practicable after the Board determines that such bonuses have been earned, but in no event will a
bonus be paid to you after the later of (i) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the close of the Companys fiscal year in which such bonus is earned or (ii) March 15 following the calendar year in which
such bonus is earned. Your bonus, to the extent earned, will be pro-rated for the portion of the year that you are employed by the Company. 

(c) Employee Benefits. As a full-time employee, you will be eligible to participate in the Companys standard benefit plans as in
effect from time to time, on the same basis as those benefit plans are generally made available to other similarly situated executives of the Company. Such benefit plans are subject to change, and may be supplemented, altered, or eliminated, in part
or entirely. Any eligibility to participate in such benefits plans, as well as the terms thereof, shall be as set forth in the governing documents for such plans, or there are no such governing documents, in the Companys policies. 

(d) Initial Equity Award. It will be recommended to the Board following your start date that Udemy grant you restricted stock units
(the RSUs) with an aggregate value of $10,000,000 (the RSU Value). The number of RSUs awarded shall equal the RSU Value divided by the fourteen (14)-trading day trailing simple moving average
closing price of the Companys common stock ending on the Start Date, rounded up to the nearest whole share. You will be scheduled to vest in one-third (1/3) of the RSUs on the one (1)-year anniversary of
the Start Date (the Cliff Date), subject to continued service with Udemy or one of its subsidiaries. Except as set forth otherwise in the Severance Agreement (as defined below), no RSUs will vest before such date, and no
rights to any vesting shall be earned or accrued prior to such date. The remaining RSUs will vest in equal quarterly installments (such dates of vesting, the Quarterly Vesting Dates) over the next twenty-four
(24) months of continuous service, subject to your continued service with Udemy or one of its subsidiaries through each vesting date. This grant of RSUs will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of Udemys equity incentive plan
and RSU agreement in effect at the time of grant. No right to any shares of Udemy common stock issuable pursuant to the RSUs will be earned or accrued until such time that vesting occurs, nor does this grant confer any right to continue vesting or
employment with Udemy or its subsidiaries. 

(e) Long-Term Incentive Awards. You will be eligible to receive additional equity or
other long-term incentive awards pursuant to any plans or arrangements the Company may have in effect from time to time. The Board will determine in its discretion whether you will be granted any such awards and the terms of any such awards in
accordance with the terms of any applicable plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time. Your eligibility for such awards will begin on January 1, 2026 subject to such awards being made by the Board during its normal executive
compensation review cycle with the terms and amounts of awards to be made to you consistent with the methodology applied to other senior executives of the Company. 

(f) Expenses. You will be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in the furtherance of or
in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder, in accordance with the applicable policy of the Company, as in effect from time to time. In the event that any expense reimbursements are taxable to you, such reimbursements will be made
in the time frame specified by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) unless another time frame that complies with or is exempt from Section 409A is specified in the Companys expense
reimbursement policy. 

2 

(g) Vacation. Udemy offers a flexible time off policy pursuant to which you can take
a reasonable amount of paid time away from the office for vacation, illness, family emergencies, etc., as necessary. 

3.
Severance & Change of Control Benefits. In connection with executing this Agreement, you are also entering into the Change in Control and Severance Agreement between you and the Company (the Severance
Agreement), which is incorporated herein by reference. The only Cause and Good Reason definitions that apply to you are those definitions set forth in the Severance Agreement. 

4. Confidentiality. The Company employs you based upon your knowledge, background, experience, and skills and abilities and not because
of your knowledge of any previous employers trade secrets or other company specific information. As a condition of employment at the Company you agree not to disclose or use confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of any
current or prior employer, and that you will not in any way utilize any such information in performing your duties for the Company. In this regard, you may not bring to the Company any documents or other materials in tangible form belonging to or
acquired from any prior employer. 

5. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. As an employee of the Company, you will
have access to certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, this offer
is conditioned on your acceptance of the terms of the Companys At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement (the Confidentiality
Agreement). 

6. At-Will Employment. You acknowledge and agree that your
employment with the Company will be at-will employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause or notice. You understand and agree that neither your job performance nor
commendations, bonuses, or the like from the Company give rise to or in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of your employment with the Company. You further acknowledge and agree that
the Company may modify job titles, salaries, and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary. However, as described in this Agreement, you may be eligible to receive severance benefits under the Severance Agreement depending on the
circumstances of the termination of your employment with the Company. 

7. Tax Matters. 

(a) Withholding. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be
withheld by law, and you will be solely responsible for any and all taxes arising in connection with this Agreement and compensation paid or payable to you, including but not limited to any taxes, penalties and interest, if any, arising under
Section 409A. 

3 

(b) Section 409A. The Company intends that all payments and
benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any final regulations and guidance thereunder and any applicable state
law equivalent, as each may be amended or promulgated from time to time (Section 409A) so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under
Section 409A, and any ambiguities will be interpreted to so be exempt or comply. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of
Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 

(c) Tax Advice. You are
encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. 

8. Entire Agreement, Amendment and Enforcement. This Agreement, the Severance Agreement, and the Confidentiality Agreement supersede
and replace any prior agreements, representations, or understandings (whether written, oral, implied, or otherwise) between you and the Company, and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth
herein. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The validity, interpretation, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. 

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Arbitration. You agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any
employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from your service to the Company, will be subject to arbitration in accordance with the
provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 

(b) Successors. In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to
the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this
Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 

(c) Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

4 

(e) Acknowledgment. You acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to discuss this
Agreement with and obtain advice from your private attorney, have had sufficient time to, and have carefully read and fully understand all the provisions of this Agreement, and are knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

(f) Other Matters. This offer is conditioned on your passing our background check, signing the Confidentiality Agreement, and providing
proof of your eligibility to work in the United States. Prior to your start date, Udemys People team will contact you with your onboarding information. The onboarding information will include both the Confidentiality Agreement for you to sign
and an I-9 identification form to verify your employment authorization. 

* * * * * 

We are extremely excited about having you join the team! 

Please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement and confirm that it contains our complete agreement regarding the terms and conditions of
your employment by signing below. 

Very truly yours,

UDEMY, INC.

By: 

/s/ Sohaib Abbasi

Sohaib Abbasi

Independent Chair of the Board

I have read and accept this Agreement:

/s/ Hugo Sarrazin

Hugo Sarrazin

Dated: March 11, 2025

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d901444dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

UDEMY, INC. 

CHANGE IN
CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 

This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (this Agreement) is made
between Udemy, Inc. (the Company) and Hugo Sarrazin (the Executive), effective as of March 12, 2025 (the Effective Date). 

This Agreement provides certain protections to the Executive in connection with a change in control of the Company or in connection with the
involuntary termination of the Executives employment under the circumstances described in this Agreement. Reference is made herein to the Employment Letter entered into between Executive and the Company on or around the Effective Date (the
Employment Letter). 

The Company and the Executive agree as follows: 

1. Term of Agreement. This Agreement will have an initial term commencing on the Effective Date and ending on September 1, 2027
(the Initial Term). At the end of the Initial Term and each third (3rd) anniversary thereafter, this Agreement will renew automatically for additional, three (3) year terms (each, an Additional
Term) unless either party provides the other party with written notice of nonrenewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the date of automatic renewal (a Nonrenewal Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if a Change in Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Initial Term or Additional Term, as applicable, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve
(12) months following the date of the Change in Control. If the Executive becomes entitled to the benefits under Section 3 of this Agreement, then the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with
respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 

2. At-Will Employment. The Company and the
Executive acknowledge that the Executives employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. 

3. Severance Benefits. 

(a) Qualifying Non-CIC Termination. On a Qualifying
Non-CIC Termination (as defined below), the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company: 

(i) Severance. A single, lump sum payment (less applicable withholdings) equal to the sum of the following: 

(1) twelve (12) months of the Executives Salary (as defined below), plus 

(2) 100% of the annual cash bonus earned (if not yet paid) in the calendar year immediately prior to the year in which termination occurs
(the Prior Year Bonus), plus 

(3) an amount equal to the Executives prorated Target Bonus (as defined below), with
such prorated Target Bonus to be calculated by multiplying the Executives Target Bonus by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which is the number of days during which the Executive was employed with the Company in the calendar year in which
such termination occurs, and (y) the denominator of which is three hundred sixty-five (365). 

(ii) COBRA
Coverage. Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will pay the premiums for coverage under COBRA (as defined below) for the Executive and the Executives eligible dependents, if any, at the rates then in effect, subject to any subsequent
changes in rates that are generally applicable to the Companys active employees (the COBRA Coverage), until the earliest of (A) a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Executives
termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executives eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage
under COBRA. 

(iii) Special Protection. If such Qualifying Non-CIC
Termination occurs prior to the first anniversary of the commencement of the Executives employment with the Company, then the Company shall cause any unvested and outstanding RSUs (as defined in the Employment Letter) to become vested to the
same extent such RSUs would have vested had Executives employment with the Company continued through the Cliff Date (as defined in the Employment Letter). If such Qualifying Non-CIC Termination occurs on
or after the first anniversary of the commencement of the Executives employment with the Company, then the Company shall cause any unvested and outstanding RSUs to become vested to the same extent such RSUs would have vested had
Executives employment with the Company continued through the next Quarterly Vesting Date (as defined in the Employment Letter). 

(b)
Qualifying CIC Termination. On a Qualifying CIC Termination, the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits from the Company: 

(i) Severance. A single, lump sum payment (less applicable withholdings) equal to the sum of the following: 

(1) twelve (12) months of the Executives Salary (as defined below), plus 

(2) the Prior Year Bonus, plus 

(3) an amount equal to 100% of the Executives Target Bonus. 

(ii) COBRA Coverage. Subject to Section 3(d), the Company will provide COBRA Coverage until the earliest of
(A) a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Executives termination of employment, (B) the date upon which the Executive (and the Executives eligible dependents, as applicable) becomes covered under similar
plans, or (C) the date upon which the Executive ceases to be eligible for coverage under COBRA. 

- 2 - 

(iii) Equity Vesting Acceleration. Vesting acceleration (and
exercisability, as applicable) as to 100% of the then-unvested shares subject to each of the Executives then-outstanding compensatory equity awards issued by the Company (including the RSUs). In the case of an equity award with
performance-based vesting, unless otherwise specified in the applicable equity award agreement governing such award, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at target. 

(c) Termination Other Than a Qualifying Termination. If the termination of the Executives employment with the Company Group is
not a Qualifying Termination, then the Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits. 

(d) Conditions to
Receipt of COBRA Coverage. The Executives receipt of COBRA Coverage is subject to the Executive electing COBRA continuation coverage within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for the Executive and the Executives eligible
dependents, if any. If the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA Coverage without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716
of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of any COBRA Coverage, the Company will provide to the Executive a taxable monthly payment payable on the last day of a given month (except as provided by the immediately following sentence), in an
amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Executive would be required to pay to continue his or her group health coverage in effect on the date of his or her Qualifying Termination (which amount will be based on the premium rates applicable
for the first month of COBRA Coverage for the Executive and any of eligible dependents of the Executive) (each, a COBRA Replacement Payment), which COBRA Replacement Payments will be made regardless of whether the Executive
elects COBRA continuation coverage and will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which the Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount totaling the number of COBRA Replacement Payments equal to the
number of months in the applicable COBRA Coverage period. For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Replacement Payments may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to any applicable
withholdings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under this Agreement, if the Company determines in its sole discretion at any time that it cannot provide the COBRA Replacement Payments without violating applicable law (including, without
limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Executive will not receive the COBRA Replacement Payments or any further COBRA Coverage. 

(e) Non-Duplication of Payment or Benefits. For purposes of clarity, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, any severance payments and benefits to be provided to the Executive under Section 3(b) will be reduced by any amounts that already were provided to the Executive under
Section 3(a). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is entitled to any cash severance, continued health coverage benefits, or vesting acceleration of any equity awards (other than under this
Agreement) by operation of applicable law or under a plan, policy, contract, or arrangement sponsored by or to which any member of the Company Group is a party (Other Benefits), then the corresponding severance payments and
benefits under this Agreement will be reduced by the amount of Other Benefits paid or provided to the Executive. 

- 3 - 

(f) Death of the Executive. In the event of the Executives death before all
payments or benefits the Executive is entitled to receive under this Agreement have been provided, the unpaid amounts will be provided to the Executives designated beneficiary, if living, or otherwise to the Executives personal
representative in a single lump sum as soon as possible following the Executives death. 

(g) Transfer Between Members of the
Company Group. For purposes of this Agreement, if the Executive is involuntarily transferred from one member of the Company Group to another, the transfer will not be a termination without Cause but may give the Executive the ability to resign
for Good Reason. 

(h) Exclusive Remedy. In the event of a termination of the Executives employment with the Company Group,
the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which the Executive may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, or in equity. The Executive will be entitled to no
benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in this Agreement. 

4. Accrued Compensation. On any termination of the Executives employment with the Company Group, the Executive will be entitled
to receive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to the Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements. 

5. Conditions to Receipt of Severance. 

(a) Separation Agreement and Release of Claims. The Executives receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the
Executives Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive signing and not revoking the Companys then-standard separation agreement and release of claims (which may include an agreement not to disparage any member
of the Company Group, non-solicit provisions, an agreement to reasonably assist in any litigation matters, and other standard terms and conditions) (the Release and that requirement,
the Release Requirement), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executives Qualifying Termination (the
Release Deadline). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, the Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under Section 3. 

(b) Payment Timing. Any lump sum severance payment under Section 3(a)(i) or 3(b)(i) will be provided on the first regularly
scheduled payroll date of the Company following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (the Severance Start Date), subject to any delay required by Section 5(d) below. Any taxable installments of any
COBRA-related severance benefits that otherwise would have been made to the Executive on or before the Severance Start Date will be paid on the Severance Start Date, and any remaining installments thereafter will be provided as specified in the
Agreement. Any restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and/or similar full value awards that accelerate vesting under Section 3 will be settled (x) on a date no later than ten (10) days following the date the
Release becomes effective and irrevocable, or (y) if later, in the event of a Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination, on a date no later than the Change in Control. 

- 4 - 

(c) Return of Company Property. The Executives receipt of any severance
payments or benefits upon the Executives Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive returning all documents and other property provided to the Executive by any member of the Company Group (with the exception of a
copy of the Company employee handbook and personnel documents specifically relating to the Executive), developed or obtained by the Executive in connection with his or her employment with the Company Group, or otherwise belonging to the Company
Group. 

(d) Section 409A. The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or
otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code (collectively, Section 409A) so
that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities in this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with this intent. No payment or benefits to be paid to the
Executive, if any, under this Agreement or otherwise, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred
Payments) will be paid or otherwise provided until the Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. If, at the time of the Executives termination of employment, the Executive is a
specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, then the payment of the Deferred Payments will be delayed to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, which generally
means that the Executive will receive payment on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following the Executives termination of employment. The Company reserves the right to
amend this Agreement as it considers necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Executive or any other individual, to comply with any provision required to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under
Section 409A or to otherwise avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any benefits or imposition of any additional tax. Each payment, installment, and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to
constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). In no event will any member of the Company Group reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless the Executive for any
taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 

(e)
Resignation of Officer and Director Positions. The Executives receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executives Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to the Executive resigning from all officer and
director positions with all members of the Company Group and the Executive executing any documents the Company may require in connection with the same. 

6. Limitation on Payments. 

(a) Reduction of Severance Benefits.If any payment or benefit that the Executive would receive from any Company Group member or
any other party whether in connection with the provisions in this Agreement or otherwise (the Payment) would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and
(ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then the Payment will be equal to the Best Results Amount. The Best Results
Amount will be either (x) the full amount of the Payment or 

- 5 - 

(y) a lesser amount that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of those amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, and local
employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax, results in the Executives receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments
is necessary so that the Payment equals the Best Results Amount, reduction will occur in the following order: (A) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the
occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced); (B) cancellation of equity awards that were granted contingent on a change in ownership or control within the meaning of
Section 280G of the Code in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (that is, the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first); (C) reduction of the accelerated vesting of equity awards in the reverse order of date
of grant of the awards (that is, the vesting of the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first); and (D) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (that is, the benefit owed on the latest date following the
occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first benefit to be reduced). In no event will the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of Payment reductions. The Executive will be solely responsible for the
payment of all personal tax liability that is incurred as a result of the payments and benefits received under this Agreement, and the Executive will not be reimbursed, indemnified, or held harmless by any member of the Company Group for any of
those payments of personal tax liability. 

(b) Determination of Excise Tax Liability.Unless the Company and the Executive
otherwise agree in writing, the Company will select a professional services firm (the Firm) to make all determinations required under this Section 6, which determinations will be conclusive and binding upon the
Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith
interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm reasonably may request in order to make determinations under this
Section 6. The Company will bear the costs and make all payments for the Firms services in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6.The Company will have no liability to the Executive for the
determinations of the Firm. 

7. Definitions. The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings:

(a) Board means the Companys Board of Directors. 

(b) Cause means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the Executives willful and continued failure
to perform the Executives assigned duties or responsibilities as an employee of the Company (other than a failure resulting from the Executives disability) after written notice from the Company describing the basis for the Companys
belief that the Executive has failed to perform such duties or responsibilities, and not remedying such failure within thirty (30) days of the Executives receipt of such notice; (ii) the Executive engaging in any act of dishonesty,
fraud, or misrepresentation in connection with the Executives responsibilities as a Company employee that results in substantial harm to the Companys reputation or business; (iii) the Executives violation of any federal or
state law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company or its affiliates that results in substantial harm to the Companys reputation or business; (iv) the Executives unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary
information or trade secrets of the Company; or (v) the Executive being convicted of, or entering a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony. 

- 6 - 

(c) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following
events: 

(i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person
acting as a group (Person), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company;
provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, (A) the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will
not be considered a Change in Control and (B) if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
of shares of the Companys voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent
entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a Change in Control under this subsection (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities
of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities; 

(ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is
replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii),
if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or 

(iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets which occurs on the date that any Person
acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent
(50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a
change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Companys stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to:
(1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Companys stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly
or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of
the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value
of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 

- 7 - 

For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they
are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the
transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to either (i) change the state of
the Companys incorporation or (ii) create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction. 

(d) Change in Control Period means the period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and
ending twelve (12) months following a Change in Control. 

(e) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 

(f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(g) Company Group means the Company and any subsidiaries of the Company. 

(h) Confidentiality Agreement means the At-Will Employment, Confidential
Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement that Executive previously signed. 

(i) Disability
means a total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 

(j) Good Reason means
the termination of the Executives employment with the Company Group by the Executive in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without the Executives express written consent: 

(i) A material reduction of the Executives authority or responsibilities relative to the Executives authority or
responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction; provided, however, that continued employment following a Change in Control with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the
Companys business and operations as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control will not constitute Good Reason (for example, Good Reason does not exist if the Executive is employed by the parent corporation or
any entity within a group of controlled corporations including the Company or its assets (the Parent Group) with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Companys business
that the Executive had immediately prior to the Change in Control regardless of whether the Executives title is revised to reflect the Executives placement within the overall corporate hierarchy of the Parent Group or whether the
Executive provides services to a subsidiary, affiliate, business unit, or otherwise); 

- 8 - 

(ii) A material reduction of the Executives base salary or bonus
opportunity, except for reductions that are in proportion to any salary/bonus reduction program approved by the Board that affects a majority of the senior executives of the Company; provided, however, that an aggregate reduction of
10% or less will in no instance be deemed material; 

(iii) A material change in the geographic location at which the
Executive must perform services (for purposes of this Agreement, the Executives relocation to a facility or a location less than thirty (30) miles from the Executives then-present location will not be considered a material change in
geographic location); or 

(iv) Any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement. 

In order for the termination of the Executives employment with a Company Group member to be for Good Reason, the Executive must not
terminate employment without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good
Reason and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. 

(k)
Qualifying Pre-CIC Termination means a Qualifying CIC Termination that occurs prior to the date of the Change in Control. 

(l) Qualifying Termination means a termination of the Executives employment either (i) by a Company Group
member without Cause (excluding by reason of the Executives death or Disability) or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, in either case, during the Change in Control Period (a Qualifying CIC Termination) or
outside of the Change in Control Period (a QualifyingNon-CIC Termination). 

(m) Salary means the Executives annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the Executives
Qualifying Termination (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the Executives annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the reduction) or, if the
Executives Qualifying Termination is a Qualifying CIC Termination and the amount is greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

(n) Target Bonus means the Executives annual (or annualized, as applicable) target bonus in effect immediately
prior to the Executives Qualifying Termination or, if the Executives Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period and the amount is greater, the Executives annual (or annualized, if applicable) target bonus in
effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

8. Successors. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
(a) the heirs, executors, and legal representatives of the Executive upon the Executives death, and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of
this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation, or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger, or 

- 9 - 

otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of the Executive to receive any form of compensation payable
pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of the Executives right to compensation or other
benefits will be null and void. 

9. Notice. 

(a) General. All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and will be
effectively given (i) upon actual delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) upon transmission by email, (iii) twenty-four (24) hours after confirmed facsimile transmission, (iv) one (1) business day after deposit with
a recognized overnight courier, or (v) three (3) business days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service by first class certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (A) if to the Executive, at the
address the Executive shall have most recently furnished to the Company in writing, with an electronic copy (which shall not constitute notice) to [*******], and (B) if to the Company, at the following address: 

Udemy, Inc. 

600 Harrison Street, 3rd Floor 

San Francisco, CA 94107 

Attention: General Counsel 

(b) Notice of Termination. Any termination by a Company Group member for Cause will be communicated by a notice of termination to the
Executive, and any termination by the Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Company, in each case given in accordance with Section 9(a) of this Agreement. The notice will indicate the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be
not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of the notice). 

10. Resignation. The termination of the Executives
employment for any reason will also constitute, without any further required action by the Executive, the Executives voluntary resignation from all officer and/or director positions held at any member of the Company Group, and at the
Boards request, the Executive will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect the resignations. 

11. Miscellaneous
Provisions. 

(a) No Duty to Mitigate. The Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by
this Agreement, nor will any payment be reduced by any earnings that the Executive may receive from any other source except as specified in Section 3(e). 

- 10 - 

(b) Waiver; Amendment. No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived, or
discharged unless the modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive) and by the Executive. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with,
any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 

(c) Headings. All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this
Agreement. 

(d) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes in their entirety
all prior representations, understandings, undertakings, or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other
employment letter or agreement, severance policy or program, or equity award agreement. 

(e) Governing Law. This Agreement will be
governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, Employee hereby expressly consents to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and
venue of the state courts located in San Francisco County, California, or the US federal courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, regardless of where Employees services are performed. 

(f) Arbitration. Any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone under this Agreement (including the Company and any
employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from the Executives employment with the Company Group, shall be subject to arbitration in
accordance with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. 

(g) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. 

(h) Withholding. All payments and benefits under this Agreement will be paid less applicable withholding taxes. The Company is
authorized to withhold from any payments or benefits all federal, state, local, and/or foreign taxes required to be withheld from the payments or benefits and make any other required payroll deductions. No member of the Company Group will pay the
Executives taxes arising from or relating to any payments or benefits under this Agreement. 

(i) Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

Signature page follows 

- 11 - 

By its signature below, each of the parties signifies its acceptance of the terms of this
Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer. 

UDEMY, INC.

By: /s/ Sohaib Abbasi

Name: Sohaib Abbasi

Title: Independent Chair of the Board

Date: March 11, 2025

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Hugo Sarrazin

Print Name: Hugo Sarrazin

Date: March 11, 2025

- 12 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d901444dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

TRANSITION AGREEMENT 

This Transition Agreement (Transition Agreement) is made by and between Greg Brown
(Employee) and Udemy Inc. (the Company) (collectively referred to as the Parties or individually referred to as a Party). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
Employee was employed by the Company; 

WHEREAS, Employee signed an Employment Agreement with the Company on January 6, 2023
confirming the terms and conditions of Employees promotion to the position of Chief Executive Officer (the Employment Agreement); 

WHEREAS, Employee signed a Change in Control and Severance Agreement with the Company on September 1, 2021 (the Severance
Agreement); 

WHEREAS, Employee signed an At-Will Employment, Confidential
Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreementwith the Company (the Confidentiality Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Parties have decided that Employees employment with the Company will be ending; however, the Parties wish to provide
for the orderly transition of Employees duties and responsibilities, and accordingly the Company has agreed to continue Employees at-will employment until June 30, 2025 (the
Planned Separation Date), at which time the Parties expect that Employees employment with the Company will terminate; and 

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions, and demands that the
Employee may have against the Company and any of the Releasees as defined below, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising out of or in any way related to Employees employment with or separation from the Company. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Company and Employee hereby agree as follows: 

COVENANTS 

1.
Consideration. 

a. Continued Employment. Beginning as of the Transition Agreement Effective Date and continuing until the
Planned Separation Date or such earlier date as Employees employment may be terminated (the Transition Period), the Company agrees to continue to employ Employee on the terms set forth in this Transition Agreement,
and Employee agrees to transition Employees day-to-day duties at the instruction and direction of the Company. Employee will continue to be paid Employees
regular base salary in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices and less applicable withholdings. Employee shall also remain eligible to participate in then-available Company benefit programs at the same level as Employee would
have been eligible to participate in such programs immediately prior to the start of the Transition Period, subject to the terms and conditions, including eligibility requirements, of such programs, and further subject to any modifications herein.
Employee will continue to be subject to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement during and after the Transition Period. Employee will not be an officer of the Company during the Transition Period. Nothing in this Transition Agreement alters
Employees at-will employment during the Transition Period. As a result, Employee is free to terminate Employees employment at any time, for any reason or for no reason and the Company is free to
terminate Employees employment at any time, for any reason or for no reason even before the Planned Separation Date (the actual date Employees employment terminates, the Actual Separation Date). 

b. Acknowledgement. Employee acknowledges that without this Transition Agreement,
Employee is otherwise not entitled to the consideration listed in this Section 1. 

2. Separation Agreement and Release.
Following the Actual Separation Date, in exchange for Employees execution and non-revocation of the Separation Agreement and Release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Separation
Agreement) within the timeframe set forth in the Separation Agreement, the Company agrees to provide Employee with the consideration set forth in Section 1 of the Separation Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of the
Separation Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Employee will be eligible to receive the consideration set forth in the Separation Agreement so long as the Separation Agreement becomes effective, regardless of whether the Actual Separation Date
occurs before the Planned Separation Date. Employee acknowledges that without the Separation Agreement, Employee is otherwise not entitled to the consideration listed in Section 1 of the Separation Agreement. The Parties agree to modify the
Separation Agreement pursuant to or otherwise as may be required by applicable law. Employee acknowledges and agrees that no payment or other consideration provided to Employee under the Separation Agreement constitutes, in whole or in part, a
raise, a bonus, employment, or continued employment and that the Separation Agreement is not a condition of employment or continued employment. 

3. Payment of Salary and Receipt of All Benefits. Employee acknowledges and represents that, other than the consideration set forth in
this Agreement, the Company and its agents have (to the extent applicable) paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, notice periods, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance,
outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Employee as of the Effective Date. 

4. Release of Claims. In exchange for the consideration provided under this Agreement, Employee (on Employees own behalf and on
behalf of Employees respective heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns) agrees to release any and all claims Employee may have against the Company or any of its current and former officers, directors, employees, agents,
investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, benefit plans, plan administrators, professional employer organization or co-employer, insurers, trustees, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor
and successor corporations, and assigns (collectively the Releasees) as of the date Employee signs this Agreement including, but not limited to, the following: (a) claims arising under the federal or any state
constitution; (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of public policy, physical or mental harm or distress; (c) any claim for attorneys fees and costs; (d) any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Employees
right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company; and (e) any and all other claims arising from Employees employment relationship with the Company or the termination of that relationship. Employee agrees that, with
respect to the claims released herein, Employee will not file any legal action asserting any such claims. Employee agrees that the release set forth in this Section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to
the matters released. This release does not extend to: (i) any obligations incurred under this Agreement; or (ii) claims that cannot be released as a matter of law. Nothing herein releases any rights or claims Employee may have under the
California Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) or right to indemnification under the Company bylaws, the indemnity agreement between the Company and Employee, California Labor Code section 2802 or any other
indemnification provision of California law or agreement with the Company or policy or practice of the Company. 

2 

5. California Civil Code Section 1542. Employee acknowledges that
Employee has been advised to consult with legal counsel and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims, which provides as follows: 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE
TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 

Employee, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any rights Employee may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common
law principles of similar effect. 

6. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information/Company Property. Employee acknowledges that,
separate from this Transition Agreement, Employee remains under continuing obligations to the Company under the Employment Agreement and Confidentiality Agreement, including the provisions therein regarding nondisclosure of the Companys trade
secrets and confidential and proprietary information. 

7. Protected Activity Not Prohibited. Employee understands that nothing in
this Transition Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit Employee from engaging in any Protected Activity. Protected Activity includes: (i) filing and/or pursuing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating, cooperating,
or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational
Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board (Government Agencies); and/or (ii) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or
discrimination or any other conduct that Employee has reason to believe is unlawful. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any Company trade secrets,
proprietary information, or confidential information that does not involve unlawful acts in the workplace or the activity otherwise protected herein. Employee further understands that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company
attorney-client privileged communications or attorney work product. Any language in the Confidentiality Agreement regarding Employees right to engage in protected conduct that conflicts with, or is contrary to, this Section is superseded by
this Transition Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Employee is notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade
secret that (i) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in
a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may
disclose the trade secret to the individuals attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except
pursuant to court order. Finally, nothing in this Transition Agreement constitutes a waiver of any rights Employee may have under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). For
purposes of clarity, nothing in this Transition Agreement shall be interpreted to impair or limit Employees participation in any legally protected activities, such as (i) forming, joining, or supporting labor unions,
(ii) bargaining collectively through representatives of employees choosing, (iii) discussing wages, benefits, or terms and conditions of employment, and (iv) discussing, or raising complaints about, working conditions for the
purpose of mutual aid or protection of Employee or the Companys other current or former employees, to the extent such activities are protected by Section 7 of the NLRA. 

3 

8. No Admission of Liability. Employee understands and acknowledges that with respect
to all claims released herein, this Transition Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by Employee unless such claims were explicitly not released by the release in this Transition
Agreement. No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Transition Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an
acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Employee or to any third party. 

9. Costs. The
Parties shall each bear their own costs, attorneys fees, and other fees incurred in connection with the preparation of this Transition Agreement. 

10. Authority. The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind
the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Transition Agreement. Employee represents and warrants that Employee has the capacity to act on Employees own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through
Employee to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Transition Agreement. Each Party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of
action released herein. 

11. Severability. In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving
agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Transition Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of
provision. 

12. Attorneys Fees. If either Party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under this
Transition Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with such an action.

13. Entire Agreement. This Transition Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Employee
concerning the subject matter hereof and Employees employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning
the subject matter of this Transition Agreement, including the Employment Agreement and the Severance Agreement, but excluding the Confidentiality Agreement. 

14. No Oral Modification. This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by Employee and the Companys Chief Executive
Officer. 

15. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard for choice-of-law provisions, except that any dispute regarding the enforceability of the Arbitration Section of this Agreement shall be governed by the FAA. 

16. Transition Agreement Effective Date. Employee understands that this Transition Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by
Employee within five (5) business days of the date that Employee first receives of a copy of this Transition Agreement. This Transition Agreement will become effective on the date it has been signed by both Parties (the Transition
Agreement Effective Date). In the event Employee signs this Transition Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the five (5) business day period identified above, Employee hereby acknowledges that Employee has
knowingly and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Transition Agreement. 

4 

17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each counterpart
shall be deemed an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. The counterparts of this
Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile, photo, email PDF, or other electronic transmission or signature. 

18. Voluntary
Execution of Agreement. Employee understands and agrees that Employee executed this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of
Employees claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Employee acknowledges that: 

(a) 

Employee has read this Agreement; 

(b) 

Employee has a right to consult with an attorney regarding this Agreement, and has been represented in the
preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by an attorney of Employees own choice or has elected not to retain an attorney; 

(c) 

Employee understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains;

(d) 

Employee is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement; and 

(e) 

Employee has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically
set forth in this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set
forth below. 

GREG BROWN, an individual

Dated: March 11, 2025 /s/ Greg Brown

Greg Brown

UDEMY, INC.

Dated: March 11, 2025 By /s/ Sohaib Abbasi

Name: Sohaib Abbasi

Title: Independent Chair of the Board

5 

EXHIBIT A 

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE 

This Separation Agreement and Release (the Separation Agreement) is made by and between Employee and the Company.
The terms contained herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Transition Agreement unless otherwise defined herein. 

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Employee signed the Transition Agreement in March 2025; 

WHEREAS, the Company and Employee have entered into (a) Restricted Stock Unit Agreements, dated November 15, 2021, May 15,
2022, September 21, 2022, March 18, 2023, March 15, 2024, (b) two Restricted Stock Unit Agreements dated August 6, 2022, and (c) Restricted Stock Unit Agreements for Performance-Based Restricted Stock dated March 18,
2023 and March 15, 2024 (collectively the RSU Awards), each granting Employee the right to acquire shares of the Companys common stock subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein and in the
Companys 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and,collectively with the documents described in clauses (a), (b), and (c), the Stock Agreements); 

WHEREAS, Employee separated from employment with the Company effective ___________, 2025 (the Separation Date); and

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions, and demands that
the Employee may have against the Company and any of the Releasees as defined below, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising out of or in any way related to Employees employment with or separation from the Company. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Company and Employee hereby agree as follows: 

COVENANTS 

1.
Consideration. In consideration of Employees execution and non-revocation (pursuant to Section 3 herein) of this Separation Agreement and Employees fulfillment of all of its terms and
conditions, the Company agrees to provide the Employee with the consideration set forth below: 

a. Separation Payment.The
Company will pay Employee a lump sum approximately equivalent to twelve (12) months of Employees base salary and a prorated 2025 target annual bonus, for a total of Eight Hundred Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars ($885,000), less applicable
withholding. This payment will be made to Employee on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the Effective Date. 

b.
Consulting Relationship. Provided that Employee agrees to the terms of the Consulting Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B, the Company agrees to transition Employee to a consultant on the terms and conditions described in the
Consulting Agreement. 

c. COBRA Reimbursement. The Company shall pay the premiums for Employee to continue COBRA coverage for a
period of up to the first twelve (12) full calendar months that occur after the Separation Date, provided Employee timely elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended
(COBRA), within the time period prescribed 

pursuant to COBRA. Notwithstanding the preceding, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide such COBRA benefits without potentially violating applicable law
(including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company will instead provide the Employee a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Employee would be required to pay to
continue the Employees group health coverage in effect on the date of termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments will be made regardless of whether the Employee
elects COBRA continuation coverage and will commence in the month following the month of the Actual Separation Date and continue for the period of months indicated in this Section. 

d. Acknowledgments. Employee acknowledges that without this Transition Agreement, Employee is otherwise not entitled to the
consideration listed in this Section 1. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the consideration set forth above fully satisfies and is in excess of any severance or separation benefits to which Employee is entitled, including, but not limited
to, under the Change in Control and Severance Agreement between Employee and the Company, dated September 1, 2021. 

2. Stock.
The Parties agree that the RSU Awards and the shares of the Companys common stock subject thereto will continue to remain subject to the terms and conditions of the Stock Agreements. 

3. Benefits. Employees health insurance benefits ceased on the last day of the month in which the Separation Date occurred,
subject to Employees right to continue Employees health insurance under COBRA. Employees participation in all benefits and incidents of employment, including, but not limited to, vesting in stock options, and the accrual of
bonuses, vacation, and paid time off, ceased as of the Separation Date. 

4. Payment of Compensation and Receipt of All Benefits.
Employee acknowledges and represents that the Company and its agents have paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, notice periods, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance,
outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Employee prior to the Separation Agreement Effective Date. 

5. Release of Claims. Employee agrees that the foregoing consideration represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations
owed to Employee by the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, benefit plans, plan
administrators, professional employer organization or co-employer,insurers, trustees, divisions, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns (collectively, the
Releasees). Employee, on Employees own behalf and on behalf of Employees respective heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns, hereby and forever releases the Releasees from, and agrees not to sue
concerning, or in any manner to institute, prosecute, or pursue, any claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that
Employee may possess against any of the Releasees arising from any omissions, acts, facts, or damages that have occurred up until and including the date Employee signs this Separation Agreement, including, without limitation: 

a. any and all claims relating to or arising from Employees employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that
relationship; 

-2- 

b. any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Employees right to purchase, or
actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal
law; 

c. any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment, termination in violation of public policy, discrimination, harassment,
retaliation, breach of contract (both express and implied), breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing (both express and implied), promissory estoppel, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, fraud, negligent or intentional
misrepresentation, negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage, unfair business practices, defamation, libel, slander, negligence, personal injury, assault, battery, invasion of privacy, false imprisonment,
conversion, and disability benefits; 

d. any and all claims for violation of any federal, state, or municipal statute, including, but not
limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Equal Pay Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act,
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act, the California
Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, the California Workers Compensation Act, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act; 

e. any and all claims for violation of the federal or any state constitution; 

f. any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination; 

g. any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the nonwithholding or other tax treatment of any proceeds
received by Employee from the Company; and 

h. any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs. 

Employee agrees that the release set forth in this Section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters
released. This release does not extend to any obligations incurred under this Separation Agreement. This release does not release claims that cannot be released as a matter of law. Any and all disputed wage claims that are released herein shall be
subject to binding arbitration in accordance with this Separation Agreement, except as required by applicable law. This release does not extend to any right Employee may have to unemployment compensation benefits. 

6. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA. Employee acknowledges that Employee is waiving and releasing any rights Employee may
have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Employee agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may
arise under the ADEA after the date Employee signs this Separation Agreement. Employee acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Employee was already entitled. Employee further
acknowledges that Employee has been advised by this writing that: (a) Employee should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Separation Agreement; (b) Employee has had more than
twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Separation Agreement; (c) Employee has seven (7) days following Employees execution of this Separation Agreement to revoke this
Separation Agreement; (d) this Separation Agreement shall not be effective until after the revocation period has expired; and (e) nothing in this Separation Agreement prevents or precludes Employee from challenging or seeking a

-3- 

determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal
law. Employee acknowledges and understands that revocation must be accomplished by a written notification to the person executing this Separation Agreement on the Companys behalf that is received prior to the Effective Date. The Parties agree
that changes, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 21-day period. 

7.
California Civil Code Section 1542. Employee acknowledges that Employee has been advised to consult with legal counsel and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise
prohibits the release of unknown claims, which provides as follows: 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR
RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 

Employee, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any rights Employee may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common
law principles of similar effect. 

8. No Pending or Future Lawsuits. Employee represents that Employee has no lawsuits, claims, or
actions pending in Employees name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any of the other Releasees. Employee also represents that Employee does not intend to bring any claims on Employees own behalf or on
behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any of the other Releasees. 

9. Confidentiality. Subject to the
Protected Activity Not Prohibited Section below, Employee agrees to maintain in complete confidence the existence of this Separation Agreement, the contents and terms of this Separation Agreement, and the consideration for this
Separation Agreement (hereinafter collectively referred to as Separation Information), and Employee agrees that Employee will not publicize, directly or indirectly, any Separation Information. Except as required by law, and
subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited Section below, Employee may disclose Separation Information only to Employees immediate family members, the Court in any proceedings to enforce the terms of this Separation
Agreement, Employees attorney(s), and Employees accountant(s) and any professional tax advisor(s) to the extent that they need to know the Separation Information in order to provide advice on tax treatment or to prepare tax returns, and
must prevent disclosure of any Separation Information to all other third parties. 

10. Trade Secrets and Confidential
Information/Company Property. Employee acknowledges that, separate from this Separation Agreement, Employee remains under continuing obligations to the Company under the Confidentiality Agreement, including the provisions therein regarding
nondisclosure of the Companys trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information. Employees signature below constitutes Employees certification under penalty of perjury that Employee has returned all Company property,
devices and equipment, and taken all necessary steps to permanently delete or destroy all information, documents, and other items provided to Employee by the Company (with the exception of a copy of any Employee Handbook and personnel documents
specifically relating to Employee), developed or obtained by Employee in connection with Employees employment with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company. 

-4- 

11. No Cooperation. Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited
Section below, Employee agrees that Employee will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third
party against any of the Releasees, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or upon written request from an administrative agency or the legislature or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Separation Agreement. Employee
agrees both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature, and to furnish, within three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such
subpoena or other court order or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited Section below, if approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or
prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints against any of the Releasees, Employee shall state no more than that Employee cannot provide counsel or assistance. 

12. Nondisparagement. Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited Section below, Employee agrees to refrain from any
disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of any of the Releasees, and agrees to refrain from any tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of any of the Releasees. 

13. Protected Activity Not Prohibited. Employee understands that nothing in this Separation Agreement shall in any way limit or
prohibit Employee from engaging in any Protected Activity. Protected Activity includes: (i) filing and/or pursuing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating, cooperating, or participating in any investigation or proceeding
that may be conducted by any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National
Labor Relations Board (Government Agencies); and/or (ii) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Employee has reason to
believe is unlawful. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any Company trade secrets, proprietary information, or confidential information that does not
involve unlawful acts in the workplace or the activity otherwise protected herein. Employee further understands that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications or attorney work
product. Any language in the Confidentiality Agreement regarding Employees right to engage in protected conduct that conflicts with, or is contrary to, this Section is superseded by this Separation Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the
Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Employee is notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a
federal, state, or local government official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a
lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the
individuals attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Finally,
nothing in this Separation Agreement constitutes a waiver of any rights Employee may have under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). For purposes of clarity, nothing in this
Separation Agreement shall be interpreted to impair or limit Employees participation in any legally protected activities, such as (i) forming, joining, or supporting labor unions, (ii) bargaining collectively through
representatives of employees choosing, (iii) discussing wages, benefits, or terms and conditions of employment, and (iv) discussing, or raising complaints about, working conditions for the purpose of mutual aid or protection of
Employee or the Companys other current or former employees, to the extent such activities are protected by Section 7 of the NLRA. 

-5- 

14. Breach. In addition to the rights provided in the Attorneys
Fees Section below, Employee acknowledges and agrees that any material breach of this Separation Agreement, unless such breach constitutes a legal action by Employee challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the
waiver herein under the ADEA, or of any provision of the Confidentiality Agreement shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and/or cease providing the consideration provided to Employee under this Separation Agreement and to obtain damages,
except as provided by law. 

15. No Admission of Liability. Employee understands and acknowledges that with respect to all claims
released herein, this Separation Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by Employee unless such claims were explicitly not released by the release in this Separation Agreement. No action
taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Separation Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or
admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Employee or to any third party. 

16. Costs. The Parties shall each
bear their own costs, attorneys fees, and other fees incurred in connection with the preparation of this Separation Agreement. 

17.
ARBITRATION. EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, EMPLOYEES EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY OR THE TERMS THEREOF, OR ANY OF THE
MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (THE FAA) AND THAT THE FAA SHALL GOVERN AND APPLY TO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WITH FULL FORCE AND EFFECT; HOWEVER, WITHOUT
LIMITING ANY PROVISIONS OF THE FAA, A MOTION OR PETITION OR ACTION TO COMPEL ARBITRATION MAY ALSO BE BROUGHT IN STATE COURT UNDER THE PROCEDURAL PROVISIONS OF SUCH STATES LAWS RELATING TO MOTIONS OR PETITIONS OR ACTIONS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.
EMPLOYEE AGREES THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EMPLOYEE MAY BRING ANY SUCH ARBITRATION PROCEEDING ONLY IN EMPLOYEES INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY. ANY CLAIMS EMPLOYEE MAY BRING PURSUANT TO THE PRIVATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL ACT
(PAGA) ON BEHALF OF THE LABOR AND WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY MUST BE ARBITRATED ONLY IN EMPLOYEES INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY WITHOUT ANY JOINDER OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE VIOLATIONS THAT WERE OR COULD
BE ASSERTED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY OTHER EMPLOYEES. ANY ARBITRATION WILL OCCUR IN SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA, BEFORE JAMS, PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES (JAMS RULES), EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO DECIDE ANY MOTIONS BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND/OR ADJUDICATION, AND MOTIONS TO DISMISS AND DEMURRERS,
APPLYING THE STANDARDS SET FORTH UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ISSUE A WRITTEN DECISION ON THE MERITS. THE PARTIES ALSO AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD ANY REMEDIES
AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING
PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE

-6- 

COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND
COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT
EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY
REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ARBITRATION SECTION OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES
AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IN THIS SECTION SHALL GOVERN. 

18. Tax Consequences. The Company makes no representations or
warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the consideration provided to Employee or made on Employees behalf under Section 1.c. above. Employee agrees and understands that Employee is responsible for payment, if any, of local,
state, and/or federal taxes on the consideration provided to Employee under Section 1.c. above and any penalties or assessments thereon. Employee further agrees to indemnify and hold the Releasees harmless from any claims, demands,
deficiencies, penalties, interest, assessments, executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company for any amounts claimed due on account of (a) Employees failure to pay or delayed payment of federal or
state taxes, or (b) damages sustained by the Company by reason of any such claims, including attorneys fees and costs. 

19.
Authority. The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Separation Agreement. Employee
represents and warrants that Employee has the capacity to act on Employees own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through Employee to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Separation Agreement. Each Party warrants and
represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein. 

20. Severability. In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Separation Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. 

21. Attorneys Fees. Except with regard to a legal action challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of
the waiver herein under the ADEA, in the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under this Separation Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of
mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with such an action. 

22.
Entire Agreement. This Separation Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Employee concerning the subject matter of this Separation Agreement and Employees employment with and separation from
the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Separation Agreement and Employees relationship with the
Company, with the exception of the Confidentiality Agreement and the Stock Agreements. 

-7- 

23. No Oral Modification. This Separation Agreement may only be amended in a writing
signed by Employee and the Companys Chief Executive Officer. 

24. Governing Law. This Separation Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of California, without regard for choice-of-law provisions, except that any dispute regarding the enforceability of the Arbitration
Section of this Separation Agreement shall be governed by the FAA. 

25. Effective Date. Employee understands that this Separation
Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by Employee and returned to the Company within five (5) business days of the Separation Date. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee cannot sign this Separation Agreement prior to the
Separation Date. Each Party has seven (7) days after that Party signs this Separation Agreement to revoke it. This Separation Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after Employee signed this Separation Agreement, so long as it
has been signed by the Parties on or after the Separation Date and has not been revoked by either Party before that date (the Effective Date). 

26. Counterparts. This Separation Agreement may be executed only by Docusign, Echosign, or other similar electronic signature service.

27. Voluntary Execution of Agreement. Employee understands and agrees that Employee executed this Separation Agreement voluntarily
and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of Employees claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Employee acknowledges that: 

(a) 

Employee has read this Separation Agreement; 

(b) 

Employee has a right to consult with an attorney regarding this Separation Agreement, and has been represented
in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Separation Agreement by an attorney of Employees own choice or has elected not to retain an attorney; 

(c) 

Employee understands the terms and consequences of this Separation Agreement and of the releases it contains;

(d) 

Employee is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Separation Agreement; and

(e) 

Employee has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically
set forth in this Separation Agreement. 

[Remainder of page intentionally blank; signature page follows] 

-8- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Separation Agreement on the respective dates set forth
below. 

GREG BROWN, an individual

Dated: ________________ 

Greg Brown

UDEMY INC.

Dated: ________________ By 

Name:

Title:

-9- 

EXHIBIT B 

CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

This
Consulting Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of _____________, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between Udemy Inc. (the Company), and Greg Brown
(Consultant) (each herein referred to individually as a Party, or collectively as the Parties). 

The Company desires to retain Consultant as an independent contractor to perform consulting services for the Company, and Consultant is
willing to perform such services, on the terms described below. In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. Services and Compensation 

Consultant shall perform the services described in Exhibit B-1 (the
Services) for the Company (or its designee), and the Company agrees to pay Consultant the compensation described in Exhibit B-1 for Consultants
performance of the Services. 

2. Confidentiality 

A. Definition of Confidential Information. Company Confidential Information means any information
(including any and all combinations of individual items of information) that the Company has or will develop, acquire, create, compile, discover or own, that has value in or to the Companys business which is not generally known and which the
Company wishes to maintain as confidential. Company Confidential Information includes both (i) information created by others that Consultant learns or that becomes available to Consultant through the Company or its agents; and
(ii) information that Consultant creates that the Company owns pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. Company Confidential Information also includes all information of which the unauthorized disclosure could be detrimental to the
interests of the Company, whether or not such information is identified as Company Confidential Information. By way of example, and without limitation, Company Confidential Information includes any and all
non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business and/or products, research or development of the Company, or to the Companys technical data, trade secrets, or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans, or other information regarding the Companys products or services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited
to, customers of the Company on which Consultant called or with which Consultant becomes acquainted during the term of this Agreement), software, developments, inventions, discoveries, ideas, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings,
engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, and other business information disclosed by the Company, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of premises, parts, equipment, or other
Company property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company Confidential Information does not include general knowledge, skill, and experience that Consultant has acquired during the course of or in connection with Consultants performance of the
Services or from a former employer. Company Confidential Information shall not include any such information which Consultant can establish (i) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure by the Company to
Consultant; (ii) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure by the Company to Consultant through no wrongful action or omission by Consultant; or (iii) is in Consultants rightful possession, without
confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure by the Company as shown by Consultants then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the
foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. 

-10- 

B. Nonuse and Nondisclosure. During and after the term of this
Agreement, Consultant will hold in the strictest confidence, and take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of, Company Confidential Information. Consultant will not (i) use Company Confidential Information
for any purpose whatsoever other than as necessary for the performance of the Services on behalf of the Company, or (ii) subject to Consultants right to engage in Protected Activity (as defined below), disclose Company Confidential
Information to any third party without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of the Company, except that Consultant may disclose Confidential Information to the extent compelled by applicable law; provided however, prior
to such disclosure, Consultant shall provide prior written notice to Company and seek a protective order or such similar confidential protection as may be available under applicable law. Consultant agrees that no ownership of Company Confidential
Information is conveyed to Consultant. Without limiting the foregoing, Consultant shall not use or disclose any Company property, intellectual property rights, trade secrets or other proprietary know-how of
the Company to invent, author, make, develop, design, or otherwise enable others to invent, author, make, develop, or design identical or substantially similar designs as those developed under this Agreement for any third party. Consultant agrees
that Consultants obligations under this Section 2.B shall continue after the termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement prevents workers from engaging in protected conduct, as described in the Protected Activity Not
Prohibited section below. 

C. Other Client Confidential Information. Consultant agrees that Consultant will not
improperly use, disclose, or induce the Company to use any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or current employer of Consultant or other person or entity with which Consultant has an obligation to keep such proprietary
information or trade secrets in confidence. Consultant further agrees that Consultant will not bring onto the Companys premises or transfer onto the Companys technology systems any unpublished document, proprietary information, or trade
secrets belonging to any such third party unless disclosure to, and use by, the Company has been consented to, in writing, by such third party and the Company. 

D. Third Party Confidential Information. Consultant recognizes that the Company has received, and in the future may
receive, from third parties (for example, customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, partners, and collaborators) as well as its subsidiaries and affiliates (Associated Third Parties), information which the Company is
required to maintain and treat as confidential or proprietary information of such Associated Third Parties (Associated Third Party Confidential Information), and Consultant agrees to use such Associated Third Party
Confidential Information only as directed by the Company and to not use or disclose such Associated Third Party Confidential Information in a manner that would violate the Companys obligations to such Associated Third Parties. By way of
example, Associated Third Party Confidential Information may include the habits or practices of Associated Third Parties, the technology of Associated Third Parties, requirements of Associated Third Parties, and information related to the business
conducted between the Company and such Associated Third Parties. Consultant agrees that at all times during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, Consultant owes the Company and its Associated Third Parties a duty to hold all such Associated
Third Party Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and not to use it or to disclose it to any person, firm, corporation, or other third party except as necessary in carrying out the Services for the Company consistent with the
Companys agreement with such Associated Third Parties. 

-11- 

3. Ownership 

A. Assignment of Inventions. As between the Company and Consultant, Consultant agrees that all right, title, and interest
in and to any and all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, logos, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries, ideas and trade secrets conceived, discovered, authored, invented, developed or reduced to practice by
Consultant, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement and arising out of, or in connection with, performing the Services under this Agreement and any copyrights, patents, trade secrets, mask work rights or other
intellectual property rights relating to the foregoing (collectively, Inventions), are the sole property of the Company. Consultant also agrees to promptly make full written disclosure to the Company of any Inventions and
to deliver and assign (or cause to be assigned) and hereby irrevocably assigns fully to the Company all of Consultants right, title and interest in and to the Inventions. Consultant agrees that this assignment includes a present conveyance to
the Company of ownership of Inventions that are not yet in existence. Consultant understands and agrees that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Inventions is within the Companys sole discretion and for the
Companys sole benefit, and that no royalty or other consideration will be due to Consultant as a result of the Companys efforts to commercialize or market any such Inventions. 

B. Pre-Existing Materials. Subject to Section 3.A, Consultant will inform
the Company, in writing, before incorporating any inventions, discoveries, ideas, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, trade secrets, and other proprietary information or intellectual property rights owned by Consultant or in
which Consultant has an interest, prior to, or separate from, performing the Services under this Agreement (Prior Inventions) into any Invention or otherwise utilizing any Prior Invention in the course of performing
the Services; and the Company is hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license (with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses) to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale, sell,
reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise exploit such incorporated or utilized Prior Inventions, without restriction, including, without limitation, as part of or in connection with such
Invention, and to practice any method related thereto. Consultant will not incorporate any inventions, discoveries, ideas, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, trade secrets, and other proprietary information or intellectual
property rights owned by any third party into any Invention without Companys prior written permission. 

C. Moral
Rights. Any assignment to the Company of Inventions includes all rights of attribution, paternity, integrity, modification, disclosure and withdrawal, and any other rights throughout the world that may be known as or referred to as
moral rights, artists rights, droit moral, or the like (collectively, Moral Rights). To the extent that Moral Rights cannot be assigned under applicable law, Consultant hereby
waives and agrees not to enforce any and all Moral Rights, including, without limitation, any limitation on subsequent modification, to the extent permitted under applicable law. 

D. Maintenance of Records. Consultant agrees to keep and maintain adequate, current, accurate, and authentic written
records of all Inventions made by Consultant (solely or jointly with others) during the term of this Agreement, and for a period of three (3) years thereafter. The records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, electronic files,
reports, or any other format that is customary in the industry and/or otherwise specified by the Company. As between the Company and Consultant, the records are and will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times and
upon Companys request, Consultant shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) the same. 

-12- 

E. Further Assurances. Consultant agrees to assist the Company, or its
designee, at the Companys expense, in every proper way to secure the Companys rights in the Inventions in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the
execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments that the Company shall deem proper or necessary in order to apply for, register, obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce such rights, and in order to deliver,
assign and convey to the Company, its successors, assigns and nominees the sole and exclusive rights, title, and interest in and to all Inventions, and testifying in a suit or other proceeding relating to such Inventions. Consultant further agrees
that Consultants obligations under this Section 3.E shall continue after the termination of this Agreement.

F. Attorney-in-Fact. Consultant agrees that, if the Company is unable because of Consultants unavailability, dissolution, mental or physical incapacity, or
for any other reason, to secure Consultants signature with respect to any Inventions, including, without limitation, for the purpose of applying for or pursuing any application for any United States or foreign patents or mask work or copyright
registrations covering the Inventions assigned to the Company in Section 3.A, then Consultant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Consultants agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on Consultants behalf to execute and file any papers and oaths and to do all other lawfully permitted acts with respect to such
Inventions to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyright and mask work registrations with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Consultant. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be
irrevocable. 

4. Conflicting Obligations 

Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant has no agreements, relationships, or commitments to any other person or entity that
conflict with the provisions of this Agreement, Consultants obligations to the Company under this Agreement, and/or Consultants ability to perform the Services. Consultant will not enter into any such conflicting agreement during the
term of this Agreement. 

5. Return of Company Materials 

Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon Companys earlier request, Consultant will immediately deliver to the Company, and will
not keep in Consultants possession, recreate, or deliver to anyone else, any and all Company property, including, but not limited to, Company Confidential Information, tangible embodiments of the Inventions, all devices and equipment belonging
to the Company, all electronically-stored information and passwords to access such property, those records maintained pursuant to Section 3.D and any reproductions of any of the foregoing items that Consultant may have in Consultants
possession or control. Consultant agrees that in discharging Consultants obligations pursuant to this section, Consultant will conduct a reasonable and good faith search for such information, property and equipment, including searching
external storage devices, personal computers and email accounts, as well as cloud accounts. 

-13- 

6. Term and Termination 

A. Term. The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will continue until the
earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) termination as provided in Section 6.B. 

B. Termination. The
Company may terminate this Agreement immediately and without prior notice if Consultant refuses to or is unable to perform the Services or is in breach of any material provision of this Agreement or the Separation Agreement and Release signed by
Consultant. 

C. Survival. Upon any termination, all rights and duties of the Company and Consultant toward each other
shall cease except: 

(1) The Company will pay, within thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination, all amounts owing to
Consultant for Services completed and accepted by the Company prior to the termination date and related reimbursable expenses, if any, submitted in accordance with the Companys policies and in accordance with the provisions of Section 1
of this Agreement; and 

(2) the sections entitled Confidentiality, Ownership, Conflicting Obligations, Return of Company Materials,
Independent Contractor; Benefits, Indemnification, Limitation of Liability, Arbitration and Equitable Relief, and Miscellaneous will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with their terms. 

7. Independent Contractor; Benefits 

A. Independent Contractor.It is the express intention of the Company and Consultant that Consultant perform the Services
as an independent contractor to the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way be construed to constitute Consultant as an agent, employee or representative of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Consultant is not
authorized to bind the Company to any liability or obligation or to represent that Consultant has any such authority. Consultant agrees to furnish (or reimburse the Company for) all tools and materials necessary to accomplish this Agreement and
shall incur all expenses associated with performance. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that Consultant is obligated to report as income all compensation received by Consultant pursuant to this Agreement. Consultant agrees to and acknowledges the
obligation to pay all self-employment and other taxes on such income. 

B. Benefits. The Company and Consultant agree
that Consultant will receive no Company-sponsored benefits from the Company where benefits include, but are not limited to, paid vacation, sick leave, medical insurance and 401k participation. If Consultant is reclassified by a state or federal
agency or court as the Companys employee, Consultant will become a reclassified employee and will receive no benefits from the Company, except those mandated by state or federal law, even if by the terms of the Companys benefit plans or
programs of the Company in effect at the time of such reclassification, Consultant would otherwise be eligible for such benefits. 

8.
Limitation of Liability 

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE TO CONSULTANT OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER

-14- 

THE COMPANY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANYS LIABILITY ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY THE COMPANY TO CONSULTANT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE SERVICES, DELIVERABLES OR INVENTION GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. 

9. Arbitration and Equitable Relief 

A. Arbitration. IN CONSIDERATION OF CONSULTANTS CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY, THE COMPANYS
PROMISE TO ARBITRATE ALL DISPUTES RELATED TO CONSULTANTS CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY AND CONSULTANTS RECEIPT OF COMPENSATION AND OTHER CONSIDERATION PAID OR PROVIDED TO CONSULTANT BY THE COMPANY, AT PRESENT AND IN THE
FUTURE, CONSULTANT AGREES THAT ANY AND ALL CONTROVERSIES, CLAIMS, OR DISPUTES THAT CONSULTANT MAY HAVE WITH THE COMPANY (INCLUDING ANY COMPANY EMPLOYEE, OFFICER, DIRECTOR, TRUSTEE, OR BENEFIT PLAN OF THE COMPANY, IN THEIR CAPACITY AS SUCH OR
OTHERWISE), ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR RESULTING FROM CONSULTANTS CONSULTING OR OTHER RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY OR THE TERMINATION OF CONSULTANTS CONSULTING OR OTHER RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY, INCLUDING ANY BREACH OF THIS
AGREEMENT, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION PURSUANT TO THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (9 U.S.C. SEC. 1 ET SEQ.) (THE FAA). THE FAAS SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL PROVISIONS SHALL EXCLUSIVELY GOVERN AND APPLY WITH FULL FORCE
AND EFFECT TO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ITS ENFORCEMENT, AND ANY STATE COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION SHALL STAY PROCEEDINGS PENDING ARBITRATION OR COMPEL ARBITRATION IN THE SAME MANNER AS A FEDERAL COURT UNDER THE FAA. CONSULTANT
FURTHER AGREES THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CONSULTANT MAY BRING ANY ARBITRATION PROCEEDING ONLY IN CONSULTANTS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR COLLECTIVE
ACTION, LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING. CONSULTANT AGREES THAT ANY CLAIMS THAT CONSULTANT MAY BRING PURSUANT TO THE PRIVATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL ACT (PAGA) ON BEHALF OF THE LABOR AND WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY MUST BE ARBITRATED ONLY IN
CONSULTANTS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY WITHOUT ANY JOINDER OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE VIOLATIONS THAT WERE OR COULD BE ASSERTED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY OTHER PERSONS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CONSULTANT
AGREES TO ARBITRATE ANY AND ALL COMMON LAW AND/OR STATUTORY CLAIMS UNDER LOCAL, STATE, OR FEDERAL LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE, CLAIMS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS, CLAIMS
RELATING TO COMPENSATION (CASH, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE), CLAIMS RELATING TO CLASSIFICATION, AND RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY, AND CLAIMS OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.CONSULTANT ALSO AGREES TO ARBITRATE ANY AND
ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INTERPRETATION OR APPLICATION OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE, BUT NOT DISPUTES ABOUT THE ENFORCEABILITY, REVOCABILITY OR VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE OR ITS REQUIREMENT THAT CONSULTANT MUST
BRING ANY ARBITRATION PROCEEDING ONLY IN CONSULTANTS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY. WITH RESPECT TO ALL SUCH CLAIMS AND DISPUTES THAT CONSULTANT AGREES TO ARBITRATE, CONSULTANT HEREBY 

-15- 

EXPRESSLY AGREES TO WAIVE, AND DOES WAIVE, ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. CONSULTANT FURTHER UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ALSO APPLIES TO ANY DISPUTES THAT THE COMPANY MAY
HAVE WITH CONSULTANT. CONSULTANT UNDERSTANDS THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT REQUIRES CONSULTANT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS THAT CANNOT BE ARBITRATED UNDER THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OR OTHER LAW THAT EXPRESSLY PROHIBITS ARBITRATION OF A CLAIM NOTWITHSTANDING
THE APPLICATION OF THE FAA. 

B. Administration of Arbitration. CONSULTANT AGREES THAT ANY ARBITRATION WILL BE
ADMINISTERED BY JAMS PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES (THE JAMS EMPLOYMENT RULES), WHICH ARE AVAILABLE AT HTTP://WWW.JAMSADR.COM/RULES-EMPLOYMENT-ARBITRATION/. IF THE JAMS EMPLOYMENT
RULES CANNOT BE ENFORCED AS TO THE ARBITRATION, THEN THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THEY WILL ARBITRATE THIS DISPUTE UTILIZING JAMS COMPREHENSIVE ARBITRATION RULES AND PROCEDURES OR SUCH RULES AS THE ARBITRATOR MAY DEEM MOST APPROPRIATE FOR THE DISPUTE (THE
RULES UNDER WHICH THE ARBITRATION IS ADMINISTERED, WHETHER THE JAMS EMPLOYMENT RULES, THE JAMS COMPREHENSIVE ARBITRATION RULES, OR OTHERWISE, ARE REFERRED TO HEREIN AS THE JAMS RULES). IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE
TERMS OF THIS SECTIONAND THE JAMS RULES, THIS SECTIONSHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE. CONSULTANT AGREES THAT THE USE OF THE JAMS EMPLOYMENT RULES DOES NOT CHANGE CONSULTANTS CLASSIFICATION TO THAT OF AN EMPLOYEE. TO THE CONTRARY,
CONSULTANT REAFFIRMS THAT CONSULTANT IS AN INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR. CONSULTANT AGREES THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO DECIDE ANY MOTIONS BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND/OR ADJUDICATION
AND MOTIONS TO DISMISS AND DEMURRERS APPLYING THE STANDARDS FOR SUCH MOTIONS SET FORTH UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE. CONSULTANT AGREES THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ISSUE A WRITTEN DECISION ON THE MERITS.
CONSULTANT ALSO AGREES THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD ANY REMEDIES AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AND THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, WHERE PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
CONSULTANT AGREES THAT THE DECREE OR AWARD RENDERED BY THE ARBITRATOR MAY BE ENTERED AS A FINAL AND BINDING JUDGMENT IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION THEREOF. SUBJECT TO THE FAAS EXCLUSIVE APPLICABILITY TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT TO
ARBITRATE, CONSULTANT AGREES THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION HEARING OR PROCEEDING APPLYING CALIFORNIA SUBSTANTIVE AND DECISIONAL LAW AND THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, INCLUDING THE CALIFORNIA CIVIL
DISCOVERY ACT. CONSULTANT AGREES THAT ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA. 

C.
Remedy. FOR PURPOSES OF SEEKING PROVISIONAL REMEDIES ONLY, CONSULTANT AGREES THAT THE COMPANY AND CONSULTANT SHALL BE ENTITLED TO PURSUE ANY PROVISIONAL REMEDY PERMITTED BY THE CALIFORNIA ARBITRATION ACT (CALIFORNIA CODE CIV.
PROC. 1281.8), OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EXCEPT FOR SUCH PROVISIONAL RELIEF, CONSULTANT AGREES THAT ANY RELIEF OTHERWISE AVAILABLE TO THE COMPANY OR CONSULTANT UNDER APPLICABLE LAW SHALL BE PURSUED SOLELY AND EXCLUSIVELY IN
ARBITRATION PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

-16- 

D. Administrative Relief. CONSULTANT UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT
PROHIBIT CONSULTANT FROM PURSUING AN ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIM WITH A LOCAL, STATE OR federal ADMINISTRATIVE BODY OR GOVERNMENT AGENCY SUCH AS THE DEPARTMENT OF FAIR EMPLOYMENT AND HOUSING, THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION, THE NATIONAL LABOR
RELATIONS BOARD, THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, OR THE WORKERS COMPENSATION BOARD. THIS AGREEMENT DOES, HOWEVER, PRECLUDE CONSULTANT FROM BRINGING ANY ALLEGED WAGE CLAIMS WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR STANDARDS ENFORCEMENT. LIKEWISE,
THIS AGREEMENT DOES PRECLUDE CONSULTANT FROM PURSUING A COURT ACTION REGARDING ANY SUCH CLAIM, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY LAW. 

E.
Voluntary Nature of Agreement; Enforcement. CONSULTANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT CONSULTANT IS EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND WITHOUT ANY DURESS OR UNDUE INFLUENCE BY THE COMPANY OR ANYONE ELSE. CONSULTANT FURTHER
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT CONSULTANT HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT CONSULTANT HAS ASKED ANY QUESTIONS NEEDED FOR CONSULTANT TO UNDERSTAND THE TERMS, CONSEQUENCES AND BINDING EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, INCLUDING
THAT CONSULTANT IS WAIVING CONSULTANTS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. CONSULTANT AGREES THAT CONSULTANT HAS BEEN PROVIDED AN OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF AN attorney OF CONSULTANTS CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. THIS
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IS TO BE ENFORCED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, CONSULTANT AGREES THAT IF A COURT OR OTHER BODY OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FINDS THAT ANY PROVISION OR PORTION OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IS
INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE, SUCH PROVISION OR PORTION, AS APPLICABLE, SHALL BE ENFORCED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW OR, IF NECESSARY, SEVERED, AND THE REMAINDER OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WILL CONTINUE WITH FULL FORCE AND
EFFECT. 

10. Miscellaneous 

A. Governing Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of
California, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of California or any other jurisdiction, except that any dispute regarding the enforceability of the arbitration section of this Agreement shall be governed by the FAA. To the extent that
any lawsuit is permitted under this Agreement, the Parties hereby expressly consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in California. 

B. Assignability. This Agreement will be binding upon Consultants heirs, executors, assigns, administrators, and
other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns. The Associated Third Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement with respect to Consultants obligations in
Section 2.D. There are no intended third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement, except as expressly stated. Except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement, Consultant may not sell, assign or delegate any rights or obligations under this
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of the Companys relevant assets, whether by
merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, sale of assets or stock, or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys successors and assigns are authorized to enforce the Companys rights under this Agreement. 

-17- 

C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Exhibits herein,
sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior written and oral agreements, discussions, or representations between the Parties. Consultant represents and
warrants that Consultant is not relying on any statement or representation not contained in this Agreement. To the extent any terms set forth in any exhibit or schedule conflict with the terms set forth in this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement
shall control unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Parties in such exhibit or schedule. 

D. Headings. Headings
are used in this Agreement for reference only and shall not be considered when interpreting this Agreement. 

E.
Severability. If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction finds, or the Parties mutually believe, any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the
maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. 

F. Modification, Waiver.No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this
Agreement, will be effective unless in a writing signed by the Parties. Waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 

G. Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted by this Agreement to be given to a Party shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given (i) if delivered personally or by commercial messenger or courier service, (ii) when sent by confirmed facsimile, electronic mail, or electronic signature or (iii) if mailed by U.S. registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested), to the Party at the Partys address written below or at such other address as the Party may have previously specified by like notice. If by mail, delivery shall be deemed effective three business days
after mailing in accordance with this Section 10.G. 

(1) 

If to the Company, to: 

Udemy, Inc. 

600 Harrison
Street, Third Floor 

San Francisco, CA 94107 

Attention: General Counsel 

-18- 

(2) If to Consultant, to the address for notice on the signature page to this Agreement or,
if no such address is provided, to the last address of Consultant provided by Consultant to the Company. 

H. Attorneys
Fees. In any court action at law or equity that is brought by one of the Parties to this Agreement to enforce or interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing Party will be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees, in
addition to any other relief to which that Party may be entitled. 

I. Signatures.This Agreement may be signed in two
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, with the same force and effectiveness as though executed in a single document. 

J. Protected Activity Not Prohibited. Consultant understands that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit
Consultant from filing a charge or complaint with, or otherwise communicating, cooperating, or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the
Securities and Exchange Commission (Government Agencies), without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, the Company. In addition, Consultant understands that nothing in this Agreement, including its definition
of Confidential Information, prevents Consultant from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Consultant have reason to believe is unlawful. Notwithstanding the
preceding, Consultant agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any Company trade secrets, proprietary information, or confidential information that does not involve unlawful acts or the activity
otherwise protected herein. Consultant further understands that Consultant is not permitted to disclose the Companys attorney-client privileged communications or attorney work product. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016,
Consultant is notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government
official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only
if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individuals attorney and use the trade secret
information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

[Remainder of page intentionally blank; signature page follows] 

-19- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Consulting Agreement as of the
date first written above. 

CONSULTANT UDEMY INC.

By: By: 

Name: Greg Brown Name: 

Title: 

Address for Notice: 

EXHIBIT B-1

SERVICES AND COMPENSATION 

1. Contact. Consultants principal Company contact: 

Name: Hugo Sarrazin 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

Email: [*******] 

2. Services. The Services will include, but will not be limited to, the following: Consultant shall provide general business
advisory services for up to ten (10) hours per month as reasonably requested by the Company. 

3. Compensation.
Consultant will continue to vest in the outstanding restricted stock unit awards granted to Consultant by the Company for so long as this Agreement remains in effect and Consultant remains a service provider to the Company, consistent with the terms
and conditions of the Companys 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and the applicable restricted stock unit award agreements between the Company and Consultant. 

This Exhibit B-1 is accepted and agreed upon as of ____________, 2025. 

CONSULTANT UDEMY INC.

By: By: 

Name: Greg Brown Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d901444dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Udemy Appoints Hugo Sarrazin as Chief Executive Officer 

Experienced SaaS and AI veteran to lead Udemy through its next phase of growth 

Company reaffirms financial outlook provided on February 13, 2025 

SAN FRANCISCOMarch 12, 2025 Udemy (Nasdaq: UDMY), a leading online skills marketplace and learning platform, today announced the appointment of
Hugo Sarrazin as President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors, effective immediately. Sarrazin will succeed Greg Brown, who, after four years of leadership at Udemy, will be transitioning to pursue new opportunities.
Brown will continue to serve as a non-executive advisor through the end of the year to ensure a smooth transition. Udemy also announced that it is reaffirming its financial outlook provided on
February 13, 2025. 

Sarrazin is a seasoned technology executive with the proven operational ability to drive both product-driven and inorganic
growth. He has deep experience scaling SaaS businesses and leveraging AI to transform organizations and deliver exceptional outcomes. Sarrazin joins Udemy from UKG, a leading global HCM (Human Capital Management) cloud company, where he led
international product and technology teams for nearly four years. Under his leadership, UKG delivered solutions in HCM, payroll, and workforce management while integrating several business acquisitions. In his
26-year tenure at McKinsey & Company he guided organizations through complex transformations involving go-to-market and
technology strategy, cloud transformation, and M&A. Sarrazin also co-founded McKinsey Digital Labs and McKinsey Design. 

We are excited to welcome Hugo to Udemy, said Sohaib Abbasi, Independent Chairman of Udemys Board of Directors. With his expertise in
strategy, innovation and business transformation, Hugo is uniquely qualified to lead Udemy as we enter a new phase of growth. Hugo has broad leadership experience in scaling and transforming SaaS businesses, driving
product-led and inorganic growth. The Udemy team, under Hugos leadership, is well-positioned to drive growth, improve efficiency and deliver exciting AI-enabled
innovations to instructors, learners and businesses. 

I am thrilled to join Udemy at such a pivotal moment, said Udemy President and Chief
Executive Officer Hugo Sarrazin. Udemy, with its massive global scale, is poised to lead innovation in the way people learn and develop professional skills. Built on Founder Eren Balis vision to make learning accessible to everyone,
anywhere, Udemy is leading the way in redefining the future of learning and work. By leveraging the power of generative AI and the scale of our global network of instructors, we now have the potential to elevate Udemys mission to unprecedented
levels and to lead the next generation of learning and skills development. I look forward to collaborating with Eren, the rest of the team, and all of Udemys valued stakeholders, including customers, instructors and partners, to unlock future
opportunities and usher Udemy into a period of significant expansion and impact. 

Abbasi said, I would like to thank Greg for his dedication and commitment to Udemy. Greg has been
instrumental in scaling Udemy Business from $100 million to more than $500 million in Annual Recurring Revenue. Thanks to his leadership, we have a strong enterprise business with more than 17,000 customers. We wish him well in his future
endeavors. 

It has been an incredible privilege to lead Udemy and work alongside such a talented and dedicated team, said Greg Brown.
I want to sincerely thank all of Udemys employees, customers, partners and instructors for their passion and commitment to our mission. I am proud of what we have accomplished together, and I am confident that under Hugos
leadership Udemy will continue to thrive and achieve even greater success in the future. 

About Hugo Sarrazin 

With over three decades of experience in strategy, innovation and transformation, Sarrazin was previously President and Chief Product and Technology Officer at
UKG, where he led the companys global product and technology teams. Under his leadership, UKG accelerated innovation through cloud migration, strategic M&A, and AI-driven solutions, earning
recognition from Fortune and Fast Company as a top innovator in human resources technology. Prior to UKG, Sarrazin was a Senior Partner at McKinsey & Company, where he led global technology and digital initiatives, founded
McKinsey Digital Labs, and advised Fortune 500 firms and private equity investors on product scaling, SaaS strategy, and M&A. Additionally, he serves on the board of directors of Spencer Stuart, providing strategic guidance on corporate
performance, governance, and cybersecurity. Throughout his career, Sarrazin has championed digital transformation, operational excellence, and customer-centric innovation to drive growth and market leadership. 

Sarrazin holds a Ph.D. and M.Sc. in Engineering from Stanford University and a B. App. Sc. in Engineering from the University of Ottawa. 

About Udemy 

Udemy (Nasdaq: UDMY) transforms lives
through learning by ensuring everyone has access to the latest and most relevant skills. Through the Udemy Intelligent Skills Platform and a global community of diverse and knowledgeable instructors, millions of learners gain expertise in a
wide range of technical and professional skills from generative AI to leadership. The Udemy marketplace provides learners with thousands of
up-to-date courses in dozens of languages, offering a variety of solutions to achieve their goals. Udemy Business empowers enterprises to offer on-demand learning for all employees, immersive learning for tech teams through Udemy Business Pro, and cohort learning for leaders through Udemy Business Leadership Academy. Udemy Business customers include Fender, Glassdoor, On24, The World Bank and Volkswagen. Udemy is headquartered in San Francisco with hubs in Austin and Denver, USA; Ankara and Istanbul, Trkiye; Dublin, Ireland; Melbourne,
Australia; and Chennai, Gurugram, and Mumbai, India. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Udemys expectations relating to our first quarter
and full year 2025 guidance as well as our market position and potential market opportunities. The words believe, may, will, estimate, potential, continue,
anticipate, intend, expect, could, would, project, plan, target, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expected or implied by the forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future
performance. 

The potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted include, among others, those
risks and uncertainties included under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in our publicly available filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in this release is as of the date hereof, and we
undertake no duty to update this information unless required by law. 

Investor Contact: 

Dennis Walsh 

Vice President, Investor Relations 

dennis.walsh@udemy.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>udmy-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>udmy-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>udmy-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g901444g0312013849663.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001607939

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Udemy, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40956

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1779864

Entity Address, Address Line One 600 Harrison Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 3rd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94107

City Area Code (415)

Local Phone Number 813-1710

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share

Trading Symbol UDMY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.udemy.com//20250311/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d901444d8k.htm 
udmy-20250311.xsd 
udmy-20250311_lab.xml 
udmy-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-052600-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d901444d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001607939 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

false 
0001607939 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
Udemy, Inc. 
DE 
001-40956 
27-1779864 
600 Harrison Street 
3rd Floor 
San Francisco 
CA 
94107 
(415) 
813-1710 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share 
UDMY 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>