<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-042544.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-042544.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228163042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-042544
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250225
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STATE STREET CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000093751
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				042456637
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07511
		FILM NUMBER:		25690913

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CONGRESS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617 786-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CONGRESS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STATE STREET Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STATE STREET CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970424

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STATE STREET BOSTON FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780525
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d900100d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

STATE STREET CORPDepositary Shares, each representing a 1/4,000th ownership interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stockfalse000009375100000937512025-02-252025-02-250000093751us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-252025-02-250000093751stt:SeriesGPreferredStockDepositoryShareMember2025-02-252025-02-25

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): February 25, 2025

STATE STREET CORPORATION

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Massachusetts 001-07511 04-2456637

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One Congress Street

Boston, Massachusetts02114

(Address of principal executive offices, and Zip Code)

(617)786-3000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $1 par value per share STT New York Stock Exchange

Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/4,000th ownership interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series G, without par value per share STT.PRG New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On February 28, 2025, State Street Corporation (State Street) issued $1,350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.536% Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), $650,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.729% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2036 (the Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes and, collectively with the 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes, the Notes) in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265877) and a related prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). The Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the Base Indenture) as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2017 (the First Supplemental Indenture) and the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 30, 2020 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), between State Street and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States, as trustee. The form of 2028 Note is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto, the form of 2030 Note is filed as Exhibit 4.2 hereto and the form of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Note is filed as Exhibit 4.3 hereto. The Base Indenture has been included as Exhibit 4.2 to State Streets Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2014. The First Supplemental Indenture has been included as Exhibit 4.1 to State Streets current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2017. The Second Supplemental Indenture has been included as Exhibit 4.1 to State Streets current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020. 

The sale of the Notes was made pursuant to the terms of an underwriting agreement dated February 25, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), entered into among State Street and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named therein. The above description of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

State Street expects to receive net proceeds from the offering of the Notes of approximately $2.737 billion, after deducting the underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses. 

Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, counsel to State Street, has issued an opinion to State Street, dated February 28, 2025, regarding the legality of the Notes to be issued and sold in the offering upon issuance and sale thereof. A copy of the opinion as to legality is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this current report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 25, 2025, by and among State Street Corporation and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein

4.1 Form of 4.536% Senior Note due 2028

4.2 Form of 4.729% Senior Note due 2030

4.3 Form of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Note due 2036

5.1 Opinion of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, dated February 28, 2025

23.1 Consent of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1)

*104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

* 

Submitted electronically herewith 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

STATE STREET CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Elizabeth M. Schaefer

Name: Elizabeth M. Schaefer

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer

Date: February 28, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d900100dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

STATE STREET
CORPORATION 

$1,350,000,000 4.536% Senior Notes Due 2028 

$650,000,000 4.729% Senior Notes Due 2030 

$750,000,000 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes Due 2036

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

February 25, 2025 

Goldman Sachs &
Co. LLC 

200 West Street 

New
York, New York 10282 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 

1 Columbus Circle 

New York, New
York 10019 

Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. 

61 Broadway, Suite 2924 

New
York, New York 10006 

UBS Securities LLC 

1285 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, New York 10019 

As Representatives of the several Underwriters 

named in Schedule I hereto 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

1. Introductory. State Street Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), agrees with the several
Underwriters listed in Schedule I hereto (the Underwriters), for whom Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. and UBS Securities LLC are acting as
Representatives (the Representatives), to issue and sell to the several Underwriters (i) $1,350,000,000 in principal amount of the Companys 4.536% Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), (ii) $650,000,000
in principal amount of the Companys 4.729% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and (iii) $750,000,000 in principal amount of the Companys
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2036 (the Fixed-to-Floating Rate
Notes and, collectively with the 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes, the Notes or the Securities). The Notes will be issued under an indenture (the Base Indenture) dated as of
October 31, 2014, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the first supplemental
indenture, dated as of May 8, 2017, between the Company and the Trustee (the First Supplemental Indenture) and as 

supplemented by the second supplemental indenture, dated as of March 30, 2020, between the Company and the Trustee (the Second Supplemental Indenture and, together with
the First Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture, the Indenture). The Securities are described in the Final Prospectus, which is referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined, but that are
defined in the Statutory Prospectus (as defined in Section 2(a)), have the meaning specified in the Statutory Prospectus. 

2. Representations and
Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the several Underwriters that: 

(a)
Filing and Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Certain Defined Terms. The Company filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-265877) on June 28, 2022, including a
related prospectus or prospectuses, covering the registration of the Securities under the Act, which became effective upon filing. The Registration Statement at any particular time means such registration statement in the form
then on file with the Commission, including any amendment thereto, any document incorporated by reference therein, and all 430A Information, all 430B Information and all 430C Information, if any, with respect to such registration statement, that in
any case has not been then superseded or modified. The Registration Statement without reference to a time means the Registration Statement as of the Effective Time. For purposes of this definition, 430A Information, 430B
Information and 430C Information, if any, shall be considered to be included in the Registration Statement as of the time specified in Rule 430A, Rule 430B or Rule 430C, respectively. 

For purposes of this agreement (this Agreement): 

430A Information means information included in a prospectus and retroactively deemed to be a part of the
Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430A(b). 

430B Information means information included in a
prospectus then deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B(e) or retroactively deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B(f). 

430C Information means information included in a prospectus then deemed to be a part of the Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 430C. 

Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Applicable Time means 4:55 p.m. (New York time) on the date of this Agreement. 

Closing Date has the meaning defined in Section 3(b) hereof. 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Effective Time of the Registration Statement relating to the Securities means the time of the first contract
of sale for the Securities. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

2 

Final Prospectus means the Statutory Prospectus that
discloses the public offering price; other 430A Information, 430B Information and 430C Information, if any; and other final terms of the Securities and otherwise satisfies Section 10(a) of the Act. 

General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for
general distribution to prospective investors, as evidenced by its being so specified in Schedule II to this Agreement. 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in
Rule 433, relating to the Securities in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g). 

Rules and Regulations means the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

Statutory Prospectus means, with respect to a particular time, the prospectus relating to the Securities
that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to that time, including any 430A Information, 430B Information or 430C Information with respect to such Registration Statement. For purposes of the foregoing definition, 430A
Information and 430B Information shall be considered to be included in the Statutory Prospectus only as of the actual time that form of prospectus (including a prospectus supplement) is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and
not retroactively. 

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 

As used herein, business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking
institutions in New York, New York or Boston, Massachusetts are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. 

Unless otherwise specified, a reference to a Rule is to the indicated rule under the Act. 

(b) Compliance. The documents incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package (as hereinafter defined) and
the Final Prospectus, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the Rules and Regulations (including
but not limited to those relating to eXtensible Business Reporting Language), and none of such documents contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Final Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto, when such
documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the Rules and Regulations and will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, 

3 

not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished in writing to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information is that described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

(c) Securities Act Requirements. (i) (A) At the time the Registration Statement initially became effective,
(B) at the time of each amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Act (whether by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), (C) at the Effective Time relating to the Securities and (D) on the Closing Date, the Registration Statement (other than Form T-1 filings filed
as exhibits thereto) conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the Rules and Regulations, and did not and will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and (ii) (A) on its date, (B) at the time of filing the Final Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) and (C) on the Closing
Date, the Final Prospectus will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the Rules and Regulations, and will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any such document based
upon written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information is that described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

(d) Automatic Shelf Registration Statement. (i) Well-Known Seasoned Issuer Status. (A) At the time of
initial filing of the Registration Statement and (B) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated
report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), the Company was a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405, including not having been an ineligible issuer as defined in
Rule 405. 

(ii) Effectiveness of Automatic Shelf Registration Statement. The Registration Statement is an
automatic shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405, that initially became effective within three years of the date of this Agreement. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued,
and no proceeding for that purpose has been initiated or threatened by the Commission. 

(iii) Eligibility to Use
Automatic Shelf Registration Form. The Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form. If at any time, and so long as delivery of a
prospectus by any Underwriter or dealer may be (or but for the exception in Rule 172 would be) required under the Act, the Company receives from 

4 

the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the
Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Underwriters, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration
statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective as soon as practicable, and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public
offering and sale of the Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement
shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

(iv) Filing Fees.
The Company has paid or shall pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the Act.

(e) Ineligible Issuer Status. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the
Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Securities and (ii) on the date of this Agreement, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule
405. 

(f) General Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time, the General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus(es)
issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated February 25, 2025, including the base prospectus dated June 28, 2022 (which is the most recent Statutory Prospectus distributed to investors
generally),and the other information, if any, stated in Schedule II to this Agreement to be included in the General Disclosure Package, all considered together (collectively, the General Disclosure Package), did not
include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply
to statements in or omissions from the General Disclosure Package or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically
for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

(g) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. No Issuer Free Writing Prospectus includes any information that conflicts with the
information contained in the Registration Statement. If, at any time prior to or as of the Closing Date and following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information then contained in the Registration Statement or as a result of which such 

5 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if republished immediately following such event or development, would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (i) the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives thereof and (ii) the
Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission. 

(h) No Material Change in Business. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has sustained since the date of the
latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package any material loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or
from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the General Disclosure Package; and, since the most recent applicable dates as of which information is given in the General
Disclosure Package, there has not been any change in the capital stock or long-term debt (other than (i) issuances of capital stock upon (A) exercise of options and stock appreciation rights issued under equity incentive or stock option
plans reported on the Companys Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on April 3, 2024 or on the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, (B) earn-outs
of performance shares, or (C) conversions of convertible securities; (ii) issuances of capital stock under stock incentive plans, deferred stock compensation plans, restricted stock programs and saving-related purchase plans, in the case
of (i) and (ii) above, which were outstanding on the date of the latest balance sheet included or incorporated by reference into the General Disclosure Package; (iii) repurchases of the Companys common stock in accordance with
the Companys stock repurchase program authorized by its Board of Directors; and (iv) repayment of long-term debt in accordance with its terms) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any material adverse change in or affecting the
general affairs, management, financial position, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (Material Adverse Effect), or any development involving a prospective
Material Adverse Effect, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the General Disclosure Package. 

(i) Good
Standing. Each of the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company (the Bank) has been duly incorporated and is in good standing as a corporation or is validly existing as a trust company, as the case may be, under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate and chartered trust power and authority, as the case may be, to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package, and has been duly qualified as a
foreign corporation or trust company for the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties or conducts any business so as to require such qualification, or is subject
to no material liability or disability by reason of the failure to be so qualified in any such jurisdiction. 

6 

(j) Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as
set forth in the General Disclosure Package, and the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and are validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the
Final Prospectus, no person has the right to act as an underwriter to the Company in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities. 

(k) Notes. The Notes have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when issued and delivered by the Company
against payment therefor as described in the General Disclosure Package, will be duly and validly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company entitled to the benefits
provided by the Indenture, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and other general equity principles; and the Notes will conform to the descriptions
thereof in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. 

(l) Indenture. The Indenture has been duly and
validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a legal, valid and binding instrument, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and
other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. The Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and will conform to the descriptions thereof in the General
Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. 

(m) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting from the Transactions.
The (i) issue and sale of the Securities by the Company, (ii) execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and (iii) compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and of the Indenture and the consummation of
the transactions herein and therein contemplated by the Company will not conflict with or result in any breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any security
interest, lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, contract or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or the Bank is a
party or by which the Company or the Bank is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or the Bank is subject (except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the organizational documents (including Articles of Organization or By-laws) of the Company or the Bank or any statute or any order,
rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or the Bank or any of their properties; and no consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any such court or
governmental agency or body is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Indenture, except such as have
been, or will have been prior to the Closing Date, obtained under the Act and the Trust Indenture Act and such consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations or qualifications as may be required under state securities or Blue Sky laws in
connection with the purchase and distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters. 

7 

(n) Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(o) Absence of Existing Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the
Company nor the Bank is (i) in violation of its organizational documents (including Articles of Organization or By-laws) or (ii) in default in the performance or observance of any obligation,
agreement, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound, except for, with respect to
clause (ii), defaults which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p) Accurate Disclosure. The statements set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus under the
captions (A) Description of the Notes and Description of Debt Securities, insofar as such statements summarize the terms of the Securities and the Indenture, and (B) Material U.S. Federal Tax Consequences, insofar
as such statements purport to constitute a summary of matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are accurate, complete and fair in all material respects. 

(q) Litigation. Other than as set forth in the General Disclosure Package, there are no pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened or contemplated legal or government actions, suits or proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is the subject,
which, taking into account the likelihood of the outcome, the damages or other relief sought and other relevant factors, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or have a material adverse
effect on the Companys ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture or the Securities. 

(r)
Investment Company Act. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities, will not be an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company, as such
terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). 

(s)
Independence of Accountants. Ernst & Young, LLP, who have certified certain financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, are independent registered public accountants as required by the Act and the Rules and Regulations.

(t) Bank Holding Company. The Company is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended; and the Company and the Bank are in compliance with, and conduct their respective businesses in conformity with, all applicable laws and governmental regulations governing bank holding companies, banks and subsidiaries of bank
holding companies, respectively, except failures to so comply or be in conformity that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

8 

(u) Internal Controls and Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Except as set forth in the General Disclosure Package, the Company, the Bank and the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) are in material compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley)
and all applicable Exchange Act rules. The Company maintains a system of internal controls, including, but not limited to, disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls over accounting matters and financial reporting and legal and regulatory
compliance controls (collectively, Internal Controls) that comply with Sarbanes-Oxley and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and are sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP (as defined in Section 2(x)) and to maintain accountability for
assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and
appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Internal Controls are overseen by the Examining and Audit Committee (the Audit Committee) of the Board in accordance with Exchange Act rules. The Company has not
publicly disclosed or reported to the Audit Committee or the Board, and within the next 90 days the Company does not reasonably expect to publicly disclose or report to the Audit Committee or the Board, a material weakness, change in Internal
Controls or fraud involving management or other employees who have a significant role in Internal Controls; any violation of, or failure to comply with, Sarbanes-Oxley or the Exchange Act; or any matter related to Internal Controls which, if
determined adversely, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v) Anti-Bribery Laws. Except as set forth in the
General Disclosure Package, neither the Company nor the Bank, nor, to the knowledge of the Company and the Bank, any of their respective officers, directors, agents or employees, has within the 10-year period
preceding the date of this Agreement materially violated, nor will its participation in the offering materially violate, and each of the Company and the Bank has instituted and maintains policies and/or procedures designed to ensure continued
compliance with, each of the following laws, to the extent applicable to and binding upon the Companys and the Banks respective operations: anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation of any locality,
including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any other law, rule or regulation of similar purpose and scope. 

(w) Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions. Each of the Company and the Bank has implemented a risk-based anti-money
laundering and sanctions compliance program consistent with applicable requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act Examination Manual and applicable law, including but not limited to the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and the laws, regulations and
Executive Orders administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), to the extent 

9 

applicable to and binding upon the Companys and the Banks respective operations. None of the Company, the Bank or any of their respective subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the
Company, any of their respective directors, officers, agents, employees or affiliates or any of their respective subsidiaries, is currently subject to any sanctions administered by OFAC, and neither the Company nor the Bank will, directly or
indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute, fund or otherwise make available such proceeds to any person or entity, in a manner that violates any of the economic sanctions administered by OFAC. 

(x) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries included or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as
of the dates indicated and the statement of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries for the periods specified; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as otherwise noted therein). The supporting schedules, if any, present fairly in all material respects and in accordance with GAAP
the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information of the Company and its subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Final Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements included therein. Except as included therein, no historical or
pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus under the Act or the Rules and Regulations thereunder. All disclosures contained
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the Rules and Regulations) comply with
Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Act, to the extent applicable. 

3.
Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Securities. (a) On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell to the several Underwriters, and each
of the Underwriters agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, the principal amount of Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule I hereto at a purchase price of 99.800% of the principal
amount thereof, in the case of the 2028 Notes purchased by such Underwriter; 99.700% of the principal amount thereof, in the case of the 2030 Notes purchased by such Underwriter; and 99.600% of the principal amount thereof, in the case of the Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes purchased by such Underwriter. 

10 

(b) The Company will deliver the Securities to or as instructed by the
Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters in a form reasonably acceptable to the Representatives against payment of the purchase price by the Underwriters in Federal (same-day) funds by wire
transfer to an account at a bank acceptable to the Representatives drawn to the order of the Company at the office of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on February 28, 2025, or at such other time not later than
seven full business days thereafter as the Representatives and the Company determine, such date and time being herein referred to as the Closing Date. For purposes of Rule 15c6-1 under
the Exchange Act, the Closing Date (if later than the otherwise applicable settlement date) shall be the settlement date for payment of funds and delivery of the Securities sold pursuant to the offering. The Securities to be delivered or evidence of
their issuance will be made available for checking at the office of the Depository Trust Company or its designated custodian at least 24 hours prior to the Closing Date. 

4. Offering by the Underwriters. It is understood that the several Underwriters propose to offer the Securities for sale to the public as set forth in
the Final Prospectus. 

5. Certain Agreements of the Company. The Company agrees with the several Underwriters that: 

(a) Filing of Prospectuses. The Company has filed or will file each Statutory Prospectus (including the Final
Prospectus) pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 424(b) not later than the second business day following the earlier of the date it is first used and the execution and delivery of this Agreement. The Company has complied and will comply with
Rule 433. 

(b) Filing of Amendments; Response to Commission Requests. For so long as a prospectus relating to
the Securities is (or but for the exemption in Rule 172 would be) required to be delivered under the Act by any Underwriter or dealer, the Company will promptly advise the Representatives of any proposal to amend or supplement the Registration
Statement or any Statutory Prospectus at any time and will offer the Representatives a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such amendment or supplement; and the Company will also advise the Representatives promptly of (i) the filing of any
such amendment or supplement, (ii) any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment to the Registration Statement, for any supplement to any Statutory Prospectus or for any additional information, (iii) the institution by the
Commission of any stop order proceedings in respect of the Registration Statement or the threatening of any proceeding for that purpose, and (iv) the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification
of the Securities in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceedings for such purpose. The Company will use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the suspension of any such qualification and, if
issued, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. 

(c) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. If, at
any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or but for the exemption in Rule 172 would be) required to be delivered under the Act by any Underwriter or dealer, any event occurs as a result of which the Final Prospectus as then
amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the 

11 

statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Final
Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives of such event and will promptly prepare and file with the Commission and furnish, at the Companys expense, to the Underwriters and the dealers and any
other dealers upon request of the Representatives, an amendment or supplement that will correct such statement or omission or an amendment that will effect such compliance. Neither the Representatives consent to, nor the Underwriters
delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 7 hereof. 

(d) Reporting Requirements. For so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the offering or
sale of the Securities, the Company will furnish, or will cause to be furnished, to the Representatives and, upon request, to each of the other Underwriters, as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, a copy of any annual report to
stockholders for such year as is required to be filed by the Company with the Commission; and the Company will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Representatives (i) as soon as available, a copy of each report and any definitive proxy
statement of the Company filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act or mailed to stockholders, and (ii) from time to time, such other information concerning the Company as the Representatives may reasonably request. However, so long as
the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of either Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and is timely filing reports with the Commission on its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system
(EDGAR), it is not required to furnish such reports or statements to the Underwriters. 

(e) Blue Sky
Qualifications. The Company will promptly from time to time take such action as the Representatives may reasonably request to qualify the Securities for offering and sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may
request and to comply with such laws so as to permit the sales and dealings therein in such jurisdictions for as long as may be necessary to complete the distribution of the Securities; provided that, in connection therewith, the Company
shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation, to file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction or to subject itself to taxation in any jurisdiction. 

(f) Furnishing of Prospectuses. As soon as available following the execution of this Agreement, but in no event later
than two New York business days thereafter, and so long as delivery of a prospectus by an Underwriter or dealer may be (or but for the exception in Rule 172 would be) required under the Act, the Company will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the
Underwriters written and electronic copies of the Registration Statement, including all exhibits, any Statutory Prospectus, the Final Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents, in New York City in such quantities as the
Representatives may reasonably request. 

12 

(g) Rule 158. The Company will make generally available to its
securityholders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than 18 months after the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Rule 158(c)), an earnings statement of the Company and its subsidiaries (which need not be
audited) complying with Section 11(a) of the Act and the Rules and Regulations (including, at the option of the Company, Rule 158). 

(h) Restrictions on Sales of Debt Securities. During the period beginning from the date hereof and continuing to and
including the business day after the Closing Date, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, grant any option to purchase, make any short sale, announce an offering of or otherwise dispose of, except as
provided hereunder, any debt securities of the Company or the Bank (other than (i) the Securities, (ii) commercial paper issued in the ordinary course of business, (iii) certificates of deposit issued in the ordinary course of
business, (iv) debt securities issued in connection with overnight Federal Reserve Bank transactions and (v) debt securities issued with the prior written consent of the Representatives). 

(i) Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities pursuant to
this Agreement in the manner specified in the General Disclosure Package under the caption Use of Proceeds. 

(j) Company License. The Company, upon request of any Underwriter, will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to such
Underwriter an electronic version of the Companys trademarks, servicemarks and corporate logo for use on the website, if any, operated by such Underwriter for the purpose of facilitating the on-line
offering of the Securities (the License); provided, however, that the License shall be used solely for the purpose described above, is granted without any fee and may not be assigned or transferred. 

(k) Payment of Expenses. The Company will pay or cause to be paid the following: (i) the costs, expenses, fees
and taxes in connection with the registration, issue, sale and delivery of the Securities, including any transfer taxes and stamp or similar duties, and the fees, disbursements and expenses of the Companys counsel and accountants in connection
with the registration of the Securities under the Act, and all other expenses in connection with the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement, any Statutory Prospectus and amendments and supplements thereto and any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof to the Underwriters and dealers; (ii) the cost of printing or producing any agreement among Underwriters, this Agreement, any Blue Sky Memoranda, closing documents (including
any compilations thereof) and any other documents in connection with the offering, purchase, sale and delivery of the Securities; (iii) all expenses in connection with the qualification of the Securities for offering and sale under state
securities laws as provided in Section 5(e) hereof, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with such qualification and in connection with the Blue Sky survey(s); (iv) any fees charged by
securities rating agencies for rating the Securities; (v) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with, any required review by the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc. of the terms of the sale of the Securities; (vi) the costs of 

13 

preparation, issuance and delivery of the Securities; (vii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and any of its agents; (viii) the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Trustee;
(ix) the reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by the Underwriters in connection with any non-deal road show or any pre-marketing
presentation to potential investors; and (x) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder and under the Indenture that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section. It is understood,
however, that, except as provided in this Section 5 and Sections 8 and 10 hereof, the Underwriters will pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the fees of their counsel, transfer taxes on resale of any of the Securities by them, and
any advertising expenses connected with any offers they may make. 

(l) Absence of Manipulation. The Company will not
take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to, or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to, cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale
of the Securities. 

6. Free Writing Prospectuses. (a) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the
prior consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company, it will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would
otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus,as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the
Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in
Rule 433,and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely Commission filing where
required, legending and recordkeeping. 

(b) Term Sheet. The Company will prepare, or cause to be prepared, one or
more final term sheets relating to the Securities, containing only information that describes the final terms of the Securities and otherwise in a form consented to by the Representatives, and will file any such final term sheet within the period
required by Rule 433(d)(5)(ii) following the date such final terms have been established for the offering of the Securities. Any such final term sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus for
purposes of this Agreement. The Company also consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Securities or their offering or (ii) information
that describes the final terms of the Securities or their offering and that is included in the final term sheet(s) of the Company contemplated by the first sentence of this Section 6(b), it being understood that any such free writing prospectus
referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall not be an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. 

14 

7. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the several Underwriters to
purchase and pay for the Securities on the Closing Date will be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company herein (as though made on the Closing Date), to the accuracy of the statements of Company officers made
pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions precedent: 

(a) Filing of Prospectus. The Final Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with the Rules
and Regulations and Section 5(a) hereof, and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such
filings by Rule 433. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued, and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company or any
Underwriter, threatened or shall be contemplated by the Commission, and no notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Act shall
have been received; no stop order suspending or preventing the use of the Final Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Underwriter, threatened by the Commission; and all
requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives. 

(b) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. The Representatives shall have received from Cravath, Swaine &
Moore LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions, dated the Closing Date, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents as they request for the
purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters. In rendering such opinion or opinions, Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP may rely, as to the incorporation of the Company and all other matters governed by the law of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, upon the opinion of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, delivered pursuant to Section 7(d), and/or the letter of Mark Shelton, delivered pursuant to Section 7(c). 

(c) Negative Assurance Letter of Counsel for Company. The Representatives shall have received a letter, dated the
Closing Date, of Mark Shelton, General Counsel for the Company, to the effect that: 

(i) Disclosure. While the
limitations inherent in the independent verification of factual matters and the character of determinations involved in the registration process are such that such counsel is not passing upon and does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy,
completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus, subject to the foregoing and based on such participation and discussions: (A) the documents incorporated
by reference in the General Disclosure Package and Final Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto prior to the Closing Date (other than the financial statements and related schedules and other financial, statistical and accounting
data therein, as to which such counsel expresses no view), when they 

15 

became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the
Rules and Regulations; (B) no facts have come to such counsels attention that have caused such counsel to believe that (i) the Registration Statement, as of February 25, 2025, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (except for the financial statements, including the notes and schedules thereto, and other financial, statistical and
accounting data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel expresses no view), (ii) the General Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time,contained an untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (except for the financial statements, including the notes and
schedules thereto, and other financial, statistical and accounting data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel expresses no view) or (iii) the Final Prospectus, as of the date of the Final Prospectus or as of the date
of such letter, contained or contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading
(except for the financial statements, including the notes and schedules thereto, and other financial, statistical and accounting data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel expresses no view); and (C) to such
counsels knowledge, there are no amendments to the Registration Statement required to be filed or any contracts or other documents of a character required to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, or required to be incorporated
by reference into the Final Prospectus or required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Final Prospectus, which are not filed or incorporated by reference as described or required. 

(d) Opinion of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP. The Representatives shall have received an opinion, dated the
Closing Date, and addressed to the Underwriters, of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, counsel for the Company, to the effect that: 

(i) Good Standing of the Company and the Bank. The Company is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under
the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and has the corporate power and authority to carry on its business and to own, lease and operate its properties, as such business and properties are described in the General Disclosure Package and the
Final Prospectus, and to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The Bank is validly existing as a chartered trust company under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and has chartered trust
company power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, as such business and properties are described in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. 

(ii) Authorization. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

16 

(iii) Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by the Company, has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms; and the Indenture will conform in all
material respects to the description thereof in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. 

(iv) Issuances
by the Company. The Notes have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, when authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the purchasers thereof in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Notes will be legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms; such Notes will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture; and the
Notes, when issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will conform in all material respects to the description thereof in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. 

(v) Capitalization of the Company. The Company has an authorized capitalization as is set forth in the General
Disclosure Package and Final Prospectus. 

(vi) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the Indenture by the Company do not, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not, (A) conflict with or constitute a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or a default
under, the Articles of Organization, By-laws or any agreement or instrument listed on a schedule to such opinion; or (B) violate or conflict with any United States federal law, Massachusetts state law or
New York state law, rule or regulation that in such counsels experience is normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by this Agreement, or any judgment, order or decree specifically naming the Company of which such counsel
is aware. 

(vii) Consents. Except as has been made or obtained under the Act and the Rules and Regulations
thereunder, the Trust Indenture Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder and the Exchange Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder, no filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification or decree
of, any United States federal, Massachusetts or New York governmental authority or agency is necessary in connection with the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Indenture, or for the issuance, sale and delivery of the
Securities by the Company to the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture. 

(viii) Accurate Disclosure.
(A) The statements set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus under the captions Description of the Notes and Description of Debt Securities, insofar as such statements summarize the terms
of the Securities and the Indenture, are correct in all material respects; and (B) the statements set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus under the caption Material U.S. Federal Tax Consequences, insofar
as such statements constitute matters of law or legal conclusions, are correct in all material respects. 

17 

(ix) Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately
after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the General Disclosure Package or Final Prospectus will not be, an investment company, as such term is defined in
the Investment Company Act. 

(x) Disclosure. While the limitations inherent in the independent verification of
factual matters and the character of determinations involved in the registration process are such that such counsel is not passing upon and does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus (except to the extent expressly set forth in Sections 7(d)(iii), (iv) and (viii) hereof), subject to the foregoing and based on participation in conferences and
discussions with officers and other representatives of the Company, representatives of and counsel for the Underwriters and representatives of the registered independent public accounting firm of the Company, during which the contents of the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus were discussed: (A) the Registration Statement as of the date of its filing with the Commission and the Final Prospectus as of the date thereof (except for the
financial statements, including the notes and schedules thereto, and other financial, statistical and accounting data included therein or omitted therefrom, and the Trustees Statement of Eligibility on Form
T-1, as to which such counsel expresses no view), appear on their face to be appropriately responsive in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations
thereunder; and (B) no facts have come to such counsels attention that have caused such counsel to believe that (i) the Registration Statement, as of February 25, 2025, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (except for the financial statements, including the notes and schedules thereto, and other financial, statistical and accounting data
included therein or omitted therefrom, and the Trustees Statement of Eligibility on Form T-1, as to which such counsel expresses no view), (ii) the General Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time,
contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (except for the financial
statements, including the notes and schedules thereto, and other financial, statistical and accounting data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel expresses no view) or (iii) the Final Prospectus, as of the date of the
Final Prospectus or as of the date of such opinion, contained or contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading (except for the financial statements, including the notes and schedules thereto, and other financial, statistical and accounting data included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel expresses no
view). 

18 

(e) Accountants Comfort Letter. The Representatives shall have
received letters, dated, respectively, the date hereof and the Closing Date, of Ernst & Young LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, confirming that they are a registered public accounting firm and
independent registered public accountants as required by the Act and the Rules and Regulations and containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect
to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement and the Final Prospectus; provided that the letter delivered on the Closing Date shall use a cut off date no more than three
business days prior to the Closing Date. 

(f) No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred (i) any change, or any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company and
its subsidiaries taken as a whole which, in the judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Securities; (ii) any downgrading in or withdrawal of the rating of any securities of
the Company by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined for purposes of Section 3 of the Exchange Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating
of any securities of the Company (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating); (iii) any change in U.S. or international financial, political or
economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls, the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impractical to market or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, whether in the
primary market or in respect of dealings in the secondary market; (iv) any suspension or material limitation of trading in securities generally on The New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE), or any setting of minimum or maximum
prices for trading on such exchange; (v) any suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market; (vi) any
banking moratorium declared by any U.S. federal, New York or Massachusetts state authorities; (vii) any major disruption of settlements of securities, payment or clearance services in the United States or any other country where such securities
are listed; or (viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities or act of terrorism involving the United States, any declaration of war by Congress or any other national or international calamity or emergency if, in the judgment of
the Representatives, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, act, declaration, calamity or emergency is such as to make it impractical or inadvisable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities. 

19 

(g) Officers Certificate. The Representatives shall have
received the following certificates, dated the Closing Date: 

(i) a certificate of an executive officer of the Company and
a principal financial or accounting officer or the treasurer of the Company in which such officers shall state that: the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct; the Company has complied with all
agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or, to their knowledge, are contemplated by the Commission; and, subsequent to the date of the most recent financial statements in the General Disclosure Package and Final Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in
the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, except as set forth in the General Disclosure Package and Final Prospectus or as described in such
certificate; and 

(ii) a certificate of Mark Shelton, General Counsel for the Company, to the effect that to the best of
such counsels knowledge, the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 2(q) of this Agreement are true and correct. 

The Company will furnish the Representatives with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and documents as the
Representatives reasonably require. The Representatives may in their sole discretion waive on behalf of the Underwriters compliance with any conditions to the obligations of the Underwriters hereunder. 

8. Indemnification and Contribution. (a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each
Underwriter, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an
Indemnified Party), against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Act, the Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law or
regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any part of the
Registration Statement, any Statutory Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, including any amendment or supplement thereto) or any issuer information filed or
required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d), or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse each
Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever
(whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced, and in connection with the enforcement of this provision with respect to any of the above as such expenses are incurred; provided, however,
that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission from any of such
documents in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by
any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in subsection (b) below. 

20 

(b) Indemnification of Company. Each Underwriter will severally and
not jointly indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and each of its officers who signs a Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Underwriter Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which such Underwriter Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Act, the Exchange Act,
other Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material
fact contained in any part of the Registration Statement, any Statutory Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or the alleged omission of a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, and will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Underwriter Indemnified Party in
connection with investigating or defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or
commenced, based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission as such expenses are incurred, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the
following information in the Final Prospectus furnished on behalf of each Underwriter: the concession figures appearing in the third paragraph and the information set forth in the 10th and 11th paragraphs under the caption Underwriting.

(c) Actions Against Parties; Notification. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8
of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under subsection (a) or (b) above, notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof;
but the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under subsection (a) or (b) above, except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive
rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided further that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under subsection (a) or (b) above. In
case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any
other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (which counsel shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and,
after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses
subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense 

21 

thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened
action in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from
all liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include a statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of an indemnified party. 

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 is unavailable or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in
subsection (a) or (b) above (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the
allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the
one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting discounts and
commissions received by the Underwriters. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The amount paid by an indemnified
party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with
investigating or defending any action or claim that is the subject of this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total
price at which the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The
Underwriters obligations in this subsection (d) to contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint. 

22 

(e) Miscellaneous. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it
would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to Section 8(d) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take
account of the equitable considerations referred to in Section 8(d). 

9. Default of Underwriters. If any Underwriter or Underwriters default
in their obligations to purchase any of the Securities hereunder on the Closing Date and the aggregate number of the Securities that such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase does not exceed 10% of the total number of
Securities that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date, the Representatives may make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the purchase of such Securities by other persons, including any of the Underwriters, but, if no
such arrangements are made by the Closing Date, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated severally, in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder, to purchase the Securities that such
defaulting Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase on the Closing Date. If any Underwriter or Underwriters so default and the aggregate number of the Securities with respect to which such default or defaults occur exceeds 10% of the total
aggregate number of the Securities that the applicable Underwriters are obligated to purchase on such date and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Securities by other persons are not made within
36 hours after such default, this Agreement will terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company, except as provided in Section 10. As used in this Agreement, the
term Underwriter includes any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section 9. Nothing herein will relieve a defaulting Underwriter from liability for its default. 

10. Survival of Certain Representations and Obligations. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of
the Company or its officers and the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any
Underwriter, the Company or any of their respective representatives, officers or directors or any controlling person, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities. If this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 9
hereof, the Company shall not then be under any liability to any Underwriter except as provided in Sections 5(k) and 8 hereof; but, if for any other reason the Securities are not delivered by or on behalf of the Company as provided herein, the
Company will reimburse the Underwriters for all out-of-pocket expenses approved in writing by the Company, including fees and disbursements of counsel, reasonably
incurred by the Underwriters in making preparations for the purchase, sale and delivery of the Securities not so delivered, but the Company shall then be under no further liability to any Underwriter except as provided in Sections 5(k) and 8 hereof;
provided, however, that all parties shall only be responsible for their own out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel, if any
Securities are not delivered by or on behalf of the Company as provided herein for any of the following reasons: (i) a suspension or material limitation in trading in securities generally on the NYSE, or any setting of minimum or maximum prices
for trading on such exchange; (ii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities declared by either Federal, New York or Massachusetts state authorities or a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or
clearance services in the United States; (iii) the outbreak or escalation of hostilities involving the United States or the declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war; or (iv) the occurrence of any other calamity or
crisis or any change in financial, political or economic conditions in the United States or elsewhere. In addition, if any Securities have been purchased hereunder, the representations and warranties in Section 2 and all obligations under
Section 5 shall also remain in effect. 

23 

11. Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and, if sent to the Underwriters, will
be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to the Representatives c/o Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282-2198, Attention: Registration Department, Email: registration-syndops@ny.email.gs.com; Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc., 1 Columbus Circle, New York, New York, 10019, Attention: Debt Capital Market Syndicate, with a copy to the same address to Attention: General Counsel, Email: dbcapmarkets.gcnotices@list.db.com; Samuel A. Ramirez &
Company, Inc.; 61 Broadway, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10006, Attention: Robert W. Hong, Telephone: (212) 378-7135; and UBS Securities LLC, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019, Attention:
Fixed Income Syndicate, Telephone: (203) 719-1088, as Representatives of the several Underwriters, or, if sent to the Company, will be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to it at the address or
facsimile number of the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, Attention: Secretary; provided, however, that any notice to an Underwriter pursuant to Section 8 will be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed
to such Underwriter. 

12. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
successors and the officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 8, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. 

13. Representation of the Underwriters. The Representatives will act for the several Underwriters in connection with this financing, and any action
under this Agreement taken by the Representatives will be binding upon all the Underwriters. 

14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of this Agreement by one party to any other party may be made by facsimile,
electronic mail (including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act (N.Y. State Tech. 301-309), as amended
from time to time) or other transmission method, and the parties hereto agree that any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

15. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a) No Other Relationship. The Underwriters have been retained solely to act as underwriters in connection with the sale
of the Securities and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company and the Underwriters has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Indenture or the Final Prospectus,
irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are advising the Company on other matters; 

24 

(b) Arms-Length
Negotiations. The price of the Securities set forth in this Agreement was established by the Company following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Underwriters, and the Company is
capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Indenture; 

(c) Absence of Obligation to Disclose. The Company has been advised that the Underwriters and their affiliates are
engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or
agency relationship; and 

(d) Waiver. The Company waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may
have against the Underwriters for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the process leading thereto, and agrees that the Underwriters shall have no
liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including stockholders, employees or creditors of the Company.

16. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

The Company hereby submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts in the
Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of
any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York, and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to
plead or claim in any such court that any such suit or proceeding in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

In
accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), each of the Underwriters is required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies its clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of its clients, as well as other information that will allow such Underwriter to properly identify its clients. 

17. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) (i) In the event that any party to this Agreement that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S.
Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such party of this Agreement and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if
this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

25 

(ii) In the event that any party to this Agreement that is a Covered Entity
or any BHC Act Affiliate of such party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. The requirements of this Section 17(a) apply notwithstanding the
following Section 17(b). 

(b) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other agreement,
but subject to the requirements of Section 17(a), no party to this Agreement shall be permitted to exercise any Default Right against a party that is a Covered Entity with respect to this Agreement that is related, directly or indirectly, to a
BHC Act Affiliate of such party becoming subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, except to the extent the exercise of such Default Right would be permitted under the creditor protection provisions of 12 C.F.R. 252.84, 12 C.F.R. 47.5, or
12 C.F.R. 382.4, as applicable. 

(ii) After a BHC Act Affiliate of a party that is a Covered Entity has become
subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, if any party to this Agreement seeks to exercise any Default Right against such Covered Entity with respect to this Agreement, the party seeking to exercise a Default Right shall have the burden of proof, by
clear and convincing evidence, that the exercise of such Default Right is permitted hereunder. 

(c) For purposes of this
Section 17, 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined
under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party; 

Covered Entity
means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b);

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; 

Insolvency Proceeding means a receivership,
insolvency, liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding; and 

26 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

27 

If the foregoing is in accordance with the Representatives understanding of our
agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company one of the counterparts hereof, whereupon it will become a binding agreement between the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

STATE STREET CORPORATION

By: /s/ Kimberly A. DeTrask

Name: Kimberly A. DeTrask

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to the
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

By: /s/ Rishi Mathur

Name: Rishi Mathur

Title: Managing Director

Acting on behalf of themselves and as a

Representative of the several Underwriters.

[Signature Page to the
Underwriting Agreement] 

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.

By: /s/ Mac Reddick

Name: Mac Reddick

Title: Director

By: /s/ Josh Warren

Name: Josh Warren

Title: Managing Director

Acting on behalf of themselves and as a

Representative of the several Underwriters.

[Signature Page to the
Underwriting Agreement] 

SAMUEL A. RAMIREZ & COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/ Robert W. Hong

Name: Robert W. Hong

Title: Managing Director

Acting on behalf of themselves and as a

Representative of the several Underwriters.

[Signature Page to the
Underwriting Agreement] 

UBS SECURITIES LLC

By: /s/ Dominic Hills

Name: Dominic Hills

Title: Associate Director

By: /s/ Jay Anderson

Name: Jay Anderson

Title: Managing Director

Acting on behalf of themselves and as a

Representative of the several Underwriters.

[Signature Page to the
Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

Underwriter Principal

Amount of

4.536% Senior

Notes due 2028

to be

Purchased Principal

Amount of

4.729% Senior

Notes due 2030

to be

Purchased Principal

Amount of

Fixed-to-

Floating Rate

Senior
Notes

due 2036 to be

Purchased 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $ 270,000,000 $ 130,000,000 $ 150,000,000 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $ 270,000,000 $ 130,000,000 $ 150,000,000 

Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. $ 270,000,000 $ 130,000,000 $ 150,000,000 

UBS Securities LLC $ 270,000,000 $ 130,000,000 $ 150,000,000 

Cabrera Capital Markets LLC $ 67,500,000 $ 32,500,000 $ 37,500,000 

Great Pacific Securities $ 67,500,000 $ 32,500,000 $ 37,500,000 

Mischler Financial Group, Inc. $ 67,500,000 $ 32,500,000 $ 37,500,000 

R. Seelaus & Co., LLC $ 67,500,000 $ 32,500,000 $ 37,500,000 

Total $ 1,350,000,000 $ 650,000,000 $ 750,000,000 

SCHEDULE II 

1. 

General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses (included in the General Disclosure Package)

a. 

General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus includes: 

i. 

Final term sheet for the 4.536% Senior Notes due 2028, dated February 25, 2025. 

ii. 

Final term sheet for the 4.729% Senior Notes due 2030, dated February 25, 2025. 

iii. 

Final term sheet for the
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2036, dated February 25, 2025. 

2. 

Other Information Included in the General Disclosure Package 

a. 

The following information is also included in the General Disclosure Package: 

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d900100dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN
THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The
Depository Trust Company, a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law (DTC), to the Company or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any certificate issued is registered in the name
of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE
OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

STATE STREET CORPORATION 

4.536%
Senior Notes Due 2028 

No. $

CUSIP 857477CU5 Issue Date: February 28, 2025 

ISIN US857477CU58 

State Street Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of The Commonwealth of
Massachusetts (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum
of Dollars ($ ) on February 28, 2028 (herein called the Maturity Date), and to pay interest thereon from and including February 28, 2025 or from and including the
most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on February 28 and August 28 of each year, commencing on August 28, 2025, (each such date, an Interest Payment
Date) and on the Maturity Date, at the rate of 4.536% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date, other than on the Maturity Date, will, as
provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be February 13 and
August 13, whether or not a Business Day, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. Interest paid on the Maturity Date shall be paid to the Person to whom the principal will be payable. 

Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date
and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice
whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the
Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of Boston, Massachusetts, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, that for so long as this Security
is a Global Security, payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any interest on this Security will be made by the Paying Agent by wire transfer in immediately available funds in U.S. dollars at the office of the Paying Agent; provided
further, that, in the case of payments made at maturity of such Global Security, the Global Security is presented to the Paying Agent in time for the Paying Agent to make such payments in accordance with its normal procedures. 

Interest on this Security shall be paid on the basis of a
360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date for this Security falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the
Company shall postpone the interest payment or the payment of principal and interest at maturity to the next succeeding Business Day, but the payment made on such dates shall be treated as being made on the date that the payment was first due, and
Holders of Securities of this series shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment with respect to such postponements. A Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a
day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in The City of New York or The City of Boston. 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2014 (herein called the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2017, between the Company and the Trustee (the
First Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, herein called the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and
immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee, and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. The offering of securities of the series that includes this Security is
initially limited to $1,350,000,000.00 aggregate principal amount. 

The Securities of this series constitute the direct, unsecured and
unsubordinated general obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of the Company. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption, at the election of the Company, upon not less than 5 days and not more than 60 days
written notice by mail to Holders, in whole or in part, on or after January 28, 2028, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, as
provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or
certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series
may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain
exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and
the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in
principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the
Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer
hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term default means any event that is, or after notice or lapse of time
or both would become, an Event of Default or Covenant Breach in respect of such Securities. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions
of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have
previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default or Covenant Breach with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default or Covenant Breach, as applicable, as Trustee and offered 

the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction
inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for
the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different
authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of
transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

This Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

- end of page - 

[Signatures appear on the following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its
corporate seal. 

Dated: February 28, 2025

STATE STREET CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Kimberly A. DeTrask

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

Attest:

By: 

Name: Jeremy Kream

Title: Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary

[Signature Page to 2028 Fixed Global Note No.] 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

Dated: February 28, 2025

By: 

Name: David Ganss

Authorized Signatory

[Trustees Certificate of Authentication to 2028 Fixed Global Note No.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d900100dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN
THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The
Depository Trust Company, a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law (DTC), to the Company or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any certificate issued is registered in the name
of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE
OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

STATE STREET CORPORATION 

4.729%
Senior Notes Due 2030 

No. $

CUSIP 857477CW1 Issue Date: February 28, 2025 

ISIN US857477CW15 

State Street Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of The Commonwealth of
Massachusetts (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum
of Dollars ($ ) on February 28, 2030 (herein called the Maturity Date), and to pay interest thereon from and including February 28, 2025 or from and including
the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on February 28 and August 28 of each year, commencing on August 28, 2025, (each such date, an Interest Payment
Date) and on the Maturity Date, at the rate of 4.729% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date, other than on the Maturity Date, will, as
provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be February 13 and
August 13, whether or not a Business Day, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. Interest paid on the Maturity Date shall be paid to the Person to whom the principal will be payable. 

Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date
and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice
whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the
Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of Boston, Massachusetts, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, that for so long as this Security
is a Global Security, payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any interest on this Security will be made by the Paying Agent by wire transfer in immediately available funds in U.S. dollars at the office of the Paying Agent; provided
further, that, in the case of payments made at maturity of such Global Security, the Global Security is presented to the Paying Agent in time for the Paying Agent to make such payments in accordance with its normal procedures. 

Interest on this Security shall be paid on the basis of a
360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date for this Security falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the
Company shall postpone the interest payment or the payment of principal and interest at maturity to the next succeeding Business Day, but the payment made on such dates shall be treated as being made on the date that the payment was first due, and
Holders of Securities of this series shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment with respect to such postponements. A Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a
day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in The City of New York or The City of Boston. 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2014 (herein called the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2017, between the Company and the Trustee (the
First Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, herein called the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and
immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee, and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. The offering of securities of the series that includes this Security is
initially limited to $650,000,000.00 aggregate principal amount. 

The Securities of this series constitute the direct, unsecured and
unsubordinated general obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of the Company. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption, at the election of the Company, upon not less than 5 days and not more than 60 days
written notice by mail to Holders, in whole or in part, on or after January 28, 2030, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, as
provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or
certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series
may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain
exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and
the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in
principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the
Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer
hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term default means any event that is, or after notice or lapse of time
or both would become, an Event of Default or Covenant Breach in respect of such Securities. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions
of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have
previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default or Covenant Breach with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default or Covenant Breach, as applicable, as Trustee and offered 

the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction
inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for
the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different
authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of
transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

This Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

- end of page - 

[Signatures appear on the following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its
corporate seal. 

Dated: February 28, 2025 

STATE STREET CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Kimberly A. DeTrask

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

Attest: 

By: 

Name: Jeremy Kream

Title: Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary

[Signature Page to
2030 Fixed Global Note No.] 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

Dated: February 28, 2025

By: 

Name: David Ganss

Authorized Signatory

[Trustees
Certificate of Authentication to 2030 Fixed Global Note No.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d900100dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN
THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The
Depository Trust Company, a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law (DTC), to the Company or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any certificate issued is registered in the name
of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE
OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

STATE STREET CORPORATION 

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes Due 2036 

No. $

CUSIP 857477CX9 Issue Date: February 28, 2025 

ISIN US857477CX97 

State Street Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of The Commonwealth of
Massachusetts (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum
of Dollars ($ ) on February 28, 2036 (herein called the Maturity Date), and to pay interest thereon (1) from and including February 28, 2025 to, but
excluding, February 28, 2035 (such period herein called the Fixed Rate Period), or from and including the most recent Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for,
semi-annually in arrears on February 28 and August 28 (each, a Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date) of each year during the Fixed Rate Period, commencing on August 28, 2025 and ending on February 28, 2035, at the rate of
5.146% per annum; and (2) from and including February 28, 2035, to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (such period herein called the Floating Rate Period), or from and including the most recent Floating Rate Period End Date (as
defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, quarterly in arrears on the Floating Rate Interest Payment Date (as defined below) following, or with respect to, May 28, 2035, August 28, 2035, November 28, 2035
and the Maturity Date (each such date, a Floating Rate Period End Date), at the Base Rate (as defined below) plus a spread of 1.217% (provided that in no event will the interest payable in respect of any interest payment period be less
than zero), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment; provided, that if any scheduled Floating Rate Period End Date (other than the Maturity Date) falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then such date will be postponed to
the next day that is a Business Day, except that, if the next such date falls in the next calendar month, then such date will be advanced to the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day; and provided further, that if the Maturity Date is not
a Business Day, any payment of principal and interest otherwise due on such day will be made on the next succeeding date that is a Business Day, and no interest on such payment shall accrue for the period from and after such Maturity Date. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such
Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be February 13 and August 13, whether or
not a Business Day, immediately preceding such Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly
provided for, on any Floating Rate Interest Payment Date, other than on the Maturity Date, will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of
business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the second Business Day next preceding such Floating Rate Interest Payment Date. Interest paid on the Maturity Date shall be paid to the Person to whom the principal will be
payable. 

Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for on such Fixed Rate Interest
Payment Date or Floating Rate Interest Payment Date shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered
at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date,
or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully
provided in said Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security will be made at the
office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in the City of Boston, Massachusetts, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided,
that for so long as this Security is a Global Security, payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any interest on this Security will be made by the Paying Agent by wire transfer in immediately available funds in U.S. dollars at the
office of the Paying Agent; provided further, that, in the case of payments made at maturity of such Global Security, the Global Security is presented to the Paying Agent in time for the Paying Agent to make such payments in accordance with its
normal procedures. 

Interest on this Security during the Fixed Rate Period shall be paid on the basis of a
360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If a Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date for this Security falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Company shall
postpone the interest payment to the next succeeding Business Day, but the payments made on such dates shall be treated as being made on the date that the payment was first due, and Holders of Securities of this series shall not be entitled to any
further interest or other payments with respect to such postponement. 

Interest payment periods during the Floating Rate Period for this
Security will be, with respect to each Floating Rate Interest Payment Date, the period from and including the most recent interest payment period end date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for (or from and including February 28,
2035 in the case of the first interest payment period during the Floating Rate Period) to, but excluding, the immediately preceding Floating Rate Period End Date; provided that (i) the interest payment period with respect to the Maturity Date
will be the period from and including the Floating Rate Period End Date immediately prior to the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (i.e., the final Floating Rate Period End Date) and (ii) with respect to such final interest
payment period, the level of SOFR for each calendar day in the period from, and including, the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Maturity Date (the Rate Cut-Off Date) to,
but excluding, the Maturity Date shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date. Interest on this Security during the Floating Rate Period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. For interest periods during the Floating Rate Period, the interest rate applicable to an interest payment period, which interest rate will be determined by the
calculation agent following the applicable Floating Rate Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Floating Rate Period End Date (i.e., the Maturity Date), following the Rate Cut-off Date), will equal the
Base Rate, calculated as described below, plus a spread of 1.217%; provided that in no event will the interest payable in respect of any interest payment period be less than zero. 

The Base Rate shall be an accrued interest compounding factor calculated in accordance with the following formula: 

where (i) d0 refers, for any floating rate interest
payment period, to the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant floating rate interest payment period, (ii) i refers to a series of whole numbers from one to
d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant
floating rate interest payment period, (iii) SOFRi, for any day i in the relevant floating rate interest payment period, refers to a reference rate equal to SOFR in
respect of that day, (iv) ni refers to the number of calendar days in the relevant floating rate 

interest payment period on which the rate is SOFRi and (v) d refers to the number of calendar days in the relevant floating
rate interest payment period. For these calculations, the interest rate in effect on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day will be the applicable rate as reset on that date. The interest rate applicable to any other day is the interest rate
from the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

For purposes of this Security, SOFR, with respect to
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the rate determined by the calculation agent in accordance with the following provisions: 

1. the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as provided by the New York
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York Federal Reserves Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S.
Government Securities Business Day; or 

2. if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government
Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (a), unless the Company or its designee has determined that both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing
Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the New York Federal Reserves Website; or 

3. if the Company or its designee has determined that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred: 

a. the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 

b. the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 

c. the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Company or its designee as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry- accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

As used in this Security: 

1. Benchmark means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate compounded on a daily basis; provided that if the Company
or its designee has determined that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 

2. Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order
presented in clause (3) of the definition of SOFR that can be determined by the Company or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Company or its
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 

3. Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Company or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

a. the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 

b. if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback
Adjustment; 

c. the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero)
that has been selected by the Company or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 

4.
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of floating rate interest payment period,
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the Company or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice (or, if the Company or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Company or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Company or its designee determines is reasonably necessary). 

5.
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

a. in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 

b. in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement
or publication of information referenced therein. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 

6. Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the
then-current Benchmark: 

a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide the Benchmark; 

b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely,
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 

c. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 

7. Business Day means any day, other than a
Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in The City of New York or The City of Boston. 

8. Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement
means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 

9. Floating Rate Interest Payment Date means the second Business Day following each Floating Rate Period End Date;
provided, that the Floating Rate Interest Payment Date with respect to the final interest payment period will be the Maturity Date. If the scheduled Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment of principal and interest will
be made on the next succeeding Business Day, but interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled Maturity Date. 

10. ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 

11. ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that
would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 

12. ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 

13. New York Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

14. New York Federal Reserves Website means the website of the New York Federal Reserve, currently at
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

15. Reference Time with respect to any determination of
the Benchmark means the time determined by the Company or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 

16. Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 

17. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 

18. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

If the Company or its designee has determined that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred, any determination, decision or election made by the Company or its designee with respect to the determination of SOFR (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the Companys or its
designees sole discretion; and (iii) notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, shall become effective without consent from the Holders or any other party. 

In case an acceleration of the maturity of the Securities shall have occurred and be continuing as a result of an Event of Default, the amount
declared due and payable for the Securities shall be an amount in cash equal to the stated principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon calculated by State Street Bank and Trust Company (the Bank), or, if the Company has
appointed a designee, after consultation with the Bank, by such designee, in its capacity as the calculation agent, as if the date of such acceleration were the Maturity Date, final Floating Rate Period End Date (if applicable) and final Floating
Rate Interest Payment Date. 

The calculation agent shall be the Bank, an affiliate thereof or a bank or other entity as
the Company may appoint. The Company may appoint a different institution to serve as calculation agent from time to time after the original issue date of this Security without the consent of Holders of this Security and without notice. The
calculation agents determination of any interest rate, and its calculation of the amount of interest for any interest period, will be on file at the Companys principal offices, will be made available to any noteholder upon request and
will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 

All percentages used in or resulting from any calculation of the interest
rate on this Security during the Floating Rate Period will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards
(e.g., 9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded to 9.87655% (or .0987655)), and all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being
rounded upwards). 

The interest rate on this Security during the Floating Rate Period will in no event be higher than the maximum rate
permitted by New York law as the same may be modified by United States law of general application. 

This Security is one of a duly
authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2014 (herein called the Base Indenture), between the
Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2017, between the
Company and the Trustee (the First Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, herein called the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations
of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee, and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. The offering of securities of the series that
includes this Security is initially limited to $750,000,000.00 aggregate principal amount. 

The Securities of this series constitute the
direct, unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of the Company. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption, at the election of the Company, upon not less than 5 days and not more than 60
days written notice by mail to Holders, in whole, but not in part, on, and only on, February 28, 2035, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the
Redemption Date, as provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of
this Security or certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series
may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain
exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and
the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in
principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the
Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer
hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term default means any event that is, or after notice or lapse of time
or both would become, an Event of Default or Covenant Breach in respect of such Securities. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security
shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a
continuing Event of Default or Covenant Breach with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the
Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default or Covenant Breach, as applicable, as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal
amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing
shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different
authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of
transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

This Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

- end of page - 

[Signatures appear on the following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its
corporate seal. 

Dated: February 28, 2025 

STATE STREET CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Kimberly A. DeTrask

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

Attest:

By: 

Name: Jeremy Kream

Title: Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary

[Signature Page to
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Global Note No.] 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

Dated: February 28, 2025 

By: 

Name: David Ganss

Authorized Signatory

[Trustees Certificate of Authentication to Fixed-to-Floating Rate Global Note No.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d900100dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

+1 617 526 6000 (t) 

+1 617 526 5000 (f) 

wilmerhale.com

February 28, 2025 

State Street Corporation 

One Congress Street 

Boston, Massachusetts 02114 

Re: 

4.536% Senior Notes due 2028

4.729% Senior Notes due 2030

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2036

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel for State Street
Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), in connection with the offer and sale of $1,350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.536% Senior Notes due 2028, $650,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of the Companys 4.729% Senior Notes due 2030 and $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2036
(collectively, the Notes), pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among the Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities
Inc., Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters listed on Schedule I thereto. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture (the Base Indenture), dated as
of October 31, 2014, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States, as trustee
(the Trustee), as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2017, between the Company and the Trustee (the First Supplemental Indenture) and the Second
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2020, between the Company and the Trustee (the Second Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture, the
Indenture). 

As such counsel, we have assisted in the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) of the Companys prospectus supplement dated February 25, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to the prospectus, dated June 28, 2022 (the Base
Prospectus), each relating to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265877) filed by the Company with the Commission on June 28, 2022.
Such Registration Statement, in the form in which it became effective, including any amendment thereto, and the documents incorporated by reference therein and the information deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement at the time of
effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. 

State Street Corporation 

February 28, 2025 

Page
2

We have examined and relied upon (i) corporate or other proceedings of the Company
regarding the authorization of the execution and delivery of the Indenture, the Underwriting Agreement and the issuance of the Notes, (ii) the Registration Statement, (iii) the Base Prospectus, (iv) the Prospectus Supplement,
(v) the Underwriting Agreement, and (vi) the Indenture. We have also examined and relied upon originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such other corporate records of the Company, such other
agreements and instruments, certificates of public officials, officers of the Company and other persons, and such other documents, instruments and certificates as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed. 

In our examination of the documents referred to above, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of all individual
signatories, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies, the authenticity of such original documents, and the completeness and accuracy of the
corporate records of the Company provided to us by the Company.

In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have relied as to certain
matters on information obtained from public officials and officers of the Company, and we have assumed that (i) the Trustee has the power, corporate or other, to enter into and perform its obligations under the Indenture, (ii) the
Indenture will be a valid and binding obligation of the Trustee and (iii) the Trustee shall have been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. We have also assumed the due authentication of the Notes by the Trustee, and that
at the time of the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Board of Directors of the Company has not taken any action to rescind or otherwise reduce its prior authorization of the issuance of the Notes. 

We express no opinion herein as to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the state laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the State
of New York. 

We have assumed for purposes of our opinions below that no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or
filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or (to the extent the same is required under any agreement or document binding on it of which an addressee has knowledge, has received notice or has reason to know) any other third party is
required for the due execution, delivery or performance by the Company of the Indenture or the Notes or, if any such authorization, approval, consent, action, notice or filing is required, it will have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and
will be in full force and effect. 

Our opinions below are qualified to the extent that they may be subject to or affected by
(i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium, usury, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws relating to or affecting the rights or remedies of creditors generally, (ii) statutory or decisional law
concerning recourse by creditors to security in the absence of notice or hearing, (iii) duties and standards imposed on creditors and parties to contracts, including, without limitation, requirements of materiality, good faith, reasonableness
and fair dealing, and (iv) general equitable principles. Furthermore, we express no opinion as to the availability of any equitable or specific remedy upon any breach of the Indenture or the Notes, or to the successful assertion of any
equitable defenses, inasmuch as the availability of such remedies or the success of any equitable defenses may be subject to the discretion of a court. We also express no opinion herein with respect to compliance by the Company with the securities
or blue sky laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States or of any foreign jurisdiction. In addition, we express no opinion and make no statement herein with respect to the antifraud laws of any jurisdiction. 

State Street Corporation 

February 28, 2025 

Page
3

On the basis of, and subject to, the foregoing, we are of the opinion that when (i) the
Notes have been duly authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, and (ii) the Notes have been delivered to the purchasers thereof against payment of the consideration therefor in accordance with the terms of the
Underwriting Agreement as duly approved by the Company, the Notes will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company, in accordance with their terms. 

Please note that we are opining only as to the matters expressly set forth herein, and no opinion should be inferred as to any other matters.
This opinion is based upon currently existing statutes, rules, regulations and judicial decisions and is rendered as of the date hereof, and we disclaim any obligation to advise you of any change in any of the foregoing sources of law or subsequent
developments in law or changes in facts or circumstances that might affect any matters or opinions set forth herein. 

We hereby consent to
the filing of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed on or about February 28, 2025, which
Form 8-K will be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, and to the use of our name therein and in the related Base Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement under the caption Legal
Matters. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Commission.

Very truly yours,

/s/ WILMER CUTLER PICKERING HALE AND DORR LLP

WILMER CUTLER PICKERING HALE AND DORR LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>stt-20250225.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>stt-20250225_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>stt-20250225_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Series G Preferred Stock Depository Share [Member] 
Series G Preferred Stock Depository Share [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>stt-20250225_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g900100dsp50.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g900100g0228185734963.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g900100g0228190033124.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g900100g0228190432898.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 25, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name STATE STREET CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000093751

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 25, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MA

Entity File Number 001-07511

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-2456637

Entity Address, Address Line One One Congress Street

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02114

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 786-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common stock, $1 par value per share

Trading Symbol STT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series G Preferred Stock Depository Share [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/4,000th ownership interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol STT.PRG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: stt_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: stt_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=stt_SeriesGPreferredStockDepositoryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.statestreet.com//20250225/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d900100d8k.htm 
stt-20250225.xsd 
stt-20250225_def.xml 
stt-20250225_lab.xml 
stt-20250225_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-042544-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>d900100d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000093751 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

0000093751 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

0000093751 

stt:SeriesGPreferredStockDepositoryShareMember 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

STATE STREET CORP 
Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/4,000th ownership interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
false 
0000093751 
8-K 
2025-02-25 
MA 
001-07511 
04-2456637 
One Congress Street 
Boston 
MA 
02114 
(617) 
786-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $1 par value per share 
STT 
NYSE 
STT.PRG 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>