<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-002714.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-002714.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326160606
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-002714
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blackstone Private Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803498
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		EIN:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01358
		FILM NUMBER:		25773187

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-503-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235531-02_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000180349800018034982025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 25, 2025

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware 814-01358 84-7071531

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor

New York, New York10154

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 503-2100

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 25, 2025, Blackstone
Private Credit Fund (the Fund) entered into a Master Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement)
governing the issuance of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 5.54% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche A (the Tranche
A Notes) and $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 5.79% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche B (the Tranche
B Notes and, together with the Tranche A Notes, the Notes) to qualified institutional investors in a private
placement.

The Tranche A Notes were
issued on March 25, 2025 and will mature on March 25, 2031 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Fund or its
affiliates in accordance with their terms, and the Tranche B Notes were issued on March 25, 2025 and will mature on March 25, 2033 unless
redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Fund or its affiliates in accordance with their terms. Interest on the Notes
will be due semiannually.

The Notes are general
unsecured obligations of the Fund that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness
issued by the Fund. In addition, in the event that a Below Investment Grade Event (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) occurs,
from the date of the occurrence of the Below Investment Grade Event to and until the date on which the Below Investment Grade Event is
no longer continuing, the Tranche A Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.54% per year and the Tranche B Notes will bear interest
at a fixed rate of 6.79% per year.

The Note Purchase Agreement
contains customary terms and conditions for senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, affirmative
and negative covenants, such as information reporting, maintenance of the Funds status as a business development company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and a minimum asset coverage ratio. The Note Purchase Agreement also contains
customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation
in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under other indebtedness of the Fund or subsidiary guarantors, certain judgments
and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy.

In addition, the Fund
is obligated to offer to repay the Notes at par if certain change in control events occur.

The Notes were offered
in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Notes have not and
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in
the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities
Act, as applicable. The Fund intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for its general corporate purposes.

The information on this Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Notes or any other securities, and shall not constitute
an offer, solicitation or sale in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

The description above is only a summary of the
material provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copy of the Note Purchase Agreement
which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

10.1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2025, by and among Blackstone Private Credit Fund and the Purchasers party thereto.*

* Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5)
of Regulation S-K. The Fund agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon its request.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

Date: March 26, 2025 By: /s/ Oran Ebel

Name: Oran Ebel

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023553102_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

$500,000,000
5.54% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche A due March 25, 2031

$500,000,000
5.79% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche B due March 25, 2033

______________

Master Note Purchase Agreement

______________

Dated
March 25, 2025

Table of Contents

Section Heading Page

Section 1. Authorization of Notes 1

Section 1.1. Authorization of Notes 1

Section 1.2. Changes in Interest Rate 1

Section 1.3. Original Issue Discount 3

Section 2. Sale and Purchase of Notes 3

Section 2.1. Sale and Purchase of Series 2025A Notes 3

Section 2.2. Additional Series of Notes 3

Section 3. Closing 4

Section 4. Conditions to Closing 5

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties 5

Section 4.2. Performance; No Default 5

Section 4.3. Compliance Certificates 5

Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel 6

Section 4.5. Purchase Permitted By Applicable Law, Etc 6

Section 4.6. Sale of Other Notes 6

Section 4.7. Payment of Special Counsel Fees 6

Section 4.8. Private Placement Number 6

Section 4.9. Changes in Legal Structure 6

Section 4.10. Funding Instructions 6

Section 4.11. Rating 7

Section 4.12. Proceedings and Documents 7

Section 4.13. Conditions to Issuance of Additional Notes 7

Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Company 8

Section 5.1. Organization; Power and Authority 8

Section 5.2. Authorization, Etc 8

Section 5.3. Disclosure 8

Section 5.4. Organization and Ownership of Shares of Subsidiaries; Affiliates 9

Section 5.5. Financial Statements; Material Liabilities 9

Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, Etc 10

Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations, Etc 10

Section 5.8. Litigation; Observance of Agreements, Statutes and Orders 10

Section 5.9. Taxes 10

Section 5.10. Title to Property 11

Section 5.11. Licenses, Permits, Etc 11

Section5.12. Compliance with Employee Benefit Plans 11

Section 5.13. Private Offering by the Company 12

Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 12

Section 5.15. Existing Indebtedness; Future Liens 13

Section 5.16. Foreign Assets Control Regulations, Etc 13

Section 5.17. Investment Company Act 14

Section 5.18. Priority of Obligations 14

-i-

Section 6. Representations of the Purchasers 15

Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment 15

Section 6.2. Source of Funds 15

Section 6.3. Investment Experience; Access to Information 17

Section 6.4. Authorization 17

Section 6.5. Legends 17

Section 6.6. Acknowledgment 18

Section 7. Information as to Company 18

Section 7.1. Financial and Business Information 18

Section 7.2. Officers Certificate 21

Section 7.3. Visitation 22

Section 7.4. Electronic Delivery 22

Section 8. Payment and Prepayment of the Notes 23

Section 8.1. Maturity 23

Section 8.2. Optional Prepayments with Prepayment Settlement Amount 23

Section 8.3. Allocation of Partial Prepayments 24

Section 8.4. Maturity; Surrender, Etc. 24

Section 8.5. Purchase of Notes 24

Section 8.6. Make-Whole Amount; Prepayment Settlement Amount 25

Section 8.7. Payments Due on Non-Business Days 27

Section 8.8. Change in Control 27

Section 9. Affirmative Covenants. 28

Section9.1. Compliance with Laws 28

Section 9.2. Insurance 28

Section 9.3. Maintenance of Properties 28

Section 9.4. Payment of Taxes and Claims 28

Section 9.5. Corporate Existence, Etc 29

Section 9.6. Books and Records 29

Section9.7. Subsidiary Guarantors 29

Section9.8. Status of BDC and RIC 31

Section9.9. Investment Policies 31

Section9.10. Rating Confirmation 31

Section 9.11. Most Favored Lender 31

-ii-

Section 10. Negative Covenants. 32

Section 10.1. Transactions with Affiliates 32

Section 10.2. Merger, Consolidation, Fundamental Changes, Etc 33

Section 10.3. Line of Business 35

Section 10.4. Economic Sanctions, Etc 35

Section 10.5. Liens 36

Section 10.6. Restricted Payments 37

Section 10.7. Investments 38

Section 10.8. Certain Financial Covenants 39

Section 11. Events of Default 40

Section 12. Remedies on Default, Etc 43

Section 12.1. Acceleration 43

Section 12.2. Holder Action 43

Section 12.3. Rescission 43

Section 12.4. No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, Etc 44

Section 13. Registration; Exchange; Substitution of Notes 44

Section 13.1. Registration of Notes 44

Section 13.2. Transfer and Exchange of Notes 44

Section 13.3. Replacement of Notes 45

Section 14. Payments on Notes 46

Section 14.1. Place of Payment 46

Section 14.2. Payment by Wire Transfer 46

Section 14.3. Tax Forms 46

Section 15. Expenses, Etc 47

Section 15.1. Transaction Expenses 47

Section 15.2. Certain Taxes 48

Section 15.3. Survival 48

Section 16. Survival of Representations and Warranties; Entire Agreement 48

-iii-

Section 17. Amendment and Waiver 49

Section 17.1. Requirements 49

Section 17.2. Solicitation of Holders of Notes 50

Section17.3. Binding Effect, Etc 50

Section 17.4. Notes Held by Company, Etc 51

Section 18. Notices 51

Section 19. Reproduction of Documents 52

Section20. Confidential Information 52

Section 21. Substitution of Purchaser 53

Section22. Miscellaneous 54

Section 22.1. Successors and Assigns 54

Section 22.2. Accounting Terms 54

Section 22.3. Severability 55

Section 22.4. Construction, Etc 55

Section 22.5. Counterparts; Electronic Contracting 55

Section 22.6. Governing Law 56

Section 22.7. Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial 56

Schedule A Defined Terms

Schedule 1(a) 5.54% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche A due March 25, 2031 

Schedule 1(b) 5.79% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche B due March 25, 2033 

Schedule 4.4(a) Form of Opinion of Special Counsel for the Company

Schedule 4.4(b) Form of Opinion of Special Counsel for the Purchasers

Schedule 5.4 Subsidiaries of the Company and Ownership of Subsidiary Stock

Schedule 5.5 Financial Statements

Schedule 5.15 Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 10.1 Transactions with Affiliates

Schedule 10.5 Liens

Schedule 10.7 Investments

Schedule 10.8 Excluded Assets

Exhibit S Form of Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement 

Purchaser Schedule Information Relating to Purchasers

-iv-

BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor

New York, New York 10154

$500,000,000
5.54% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche A due March 25, 2031

$500,000,000
5.79% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche B due March 25, 2033 

March 25, 2025

To Each
of the Purchasers Listed in

the
Purchaser Schedule Hereto:

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Blackstone Private Credit
Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company), agrees with each of the Purchasers as follows:

Section 1. Authorization
of Notes.

Section 1.1. Authorization
of Notes. The Company will authorize the issue and sale of (a) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.54% Series 2025A
Senior Notes, Tranche A due March 25, 2031 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to Section 17 and including
any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13, the Tranche A Notes); and (b) $500,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its 5.79% Series 2025A Senior Notes, Tranche B due March 25, 2033 (as amended, restated or otherwise
modified from time to time pursuant to Section 17 and including any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13,
the Tranche B Notes and, together with the Tranche A Notes, collectively, the Series 2025A Notes).
The Tranche A Notes and Tranche B Notes shall be substantially in the forms set out in Schedule 1(a) and Schedule 1(b) hereto, respectively.
Certain capitalized and other terms used in this Agreement are defined in Schedule A and, for purposes of this Agreement, the rules of
construction set forth in Section 22.4 shall govern.

The Series 2025A Notes, together
with each Series of Additional Notes which may from time to time be issued pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.2, are collectively
referred to as the Notes (such term shall also include any such notes as amended, restated or otherwise modified
from time to time pursuant to Section 17 and including any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13).

Section 1.2. Changes in
Interest Rate. (a) If at any time a Below Investment Grade Event occurs, then:

(i) as of the date of the occurrence
of a Below Investment Grade Event to and until the date on which such Below Investment Grade Event is no longer continuing (as evidenced
by the receipt and delivery to the holders of the Notes of any Rating necessary to cure such Below Investment Grade Event), the Notes
shall bear interest at the Adjusted Interest Rate and

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(ii) the Company shall promptly,
and in any event within twenty (20) Business Days after a Below Investment Grade Event has occurred, notify the holders of the Notes in
writing, sent in the manner provided in Section 18, that a Below Investment Grade Event has occurred, which written notice shall
be accompanied by evidence satisfactory to the Required Holders to such effect and confirming the effective date of the Below Investment
Grade Event and that the Adjusted Interest Rate will be payable in respect of the Notes in consequence thereof.

(b) The fees and expenses of any Rating
Agency and all other costs incurred in connection with obtaining, affirming or appealing a Rating pursuant to this Section 1.2 shall
be borne solely by the Company.

(c) As used herein, Adjusted
Interest Rate means the interest rate per annum which is 1.00% above the stated rate of the Notes.

(d) As used herein, a Below Investment
Grade Event shall occur if:

(i) at any time the Company has
obtained a Rating of the Notes from only one Rating Agency, the then most recent Rating received from such Rating Agency that is in full
force and effect (not having been withdrawn) is below Investment Grade;

(ii) at any time the Company
has obtained a Rating of the Notes from two Rating Agencies, the then lower of the most recent Ratings received from the Rating Agencies
that are in full force and effect (not having been withdrawn) is below Investment Grade; or

(iii) at any time the Company
has obtained a Rating of the Notes from three or more Rating Agencies, the then second lowest of the most recent Ratings received from
the Rating Agencies that is in full force and effect (not having been withdrawn) is below Investment Grade (provided, for the avoidance
of doubt, if two or more of the most recent Ratings are equal or equivalent to the lowest such Rating, then such equal or equivalent Ratings
will be deemed to be the second lowest Rating for purposes of such determination).

For the avoidance of doubt,
the Below Investment Grade Event shall end immediately upon the delivery of one or more Ratings by the Company such that the foregoing
conditions are no longer triggered. Upon the end of the Below Investment Grade Event, the applicable interest rate shall automatically
return to the stated interest rate for the Notes (or the Default Rate based on the stated interest rate for the Notes, as the case may
be).

(e) Following
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Notes shall bear interest at the Default Rate.

-2-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 1.3. Original Issue Discount.
The Company and the Purchasers agree that (i) for purposes of Section 1273(b) of the Code and Treasury Reg. Section 1.1275 3(b), the aggregate
issue price of (a) the Tranche A Notes is $492,740,000 or $985.48 per $1,000 principal amount of the Tranche A Notes, and (b) the Tranche
B Notes is $490,295,000 or $980.59 per $1,000 principal amount of the Tranche B Notes; (ii) for purposes of Section 1273 of the Code,
(a) the Tranche A Notes have aggregate original issue discount of $7,260,000 or $14.52 per $1,000 principal amount of the Tranche A Notes,
and (b) the Tranche B Notes have aggregate original issue discount of $9,705,000 or $19.41 per $1,000 principal amount of the Tranche
B Notes; (iii) the issue date of the Series 2025A Notes is the date of the Series 2025A Closing; and (iv) for purposes of Treasury Reg.
Section 1.1272 1(b), the yield to maturity of (a) the Tranche A Notes is 5.83%, compounded semi-annually, and (b) the Tranche B Notes
is 6.10%, compounded semi-annually. These shall be the issue price and values ascribed to the Series 2025A Notes by the Company and the
Purchasers and any subsequent holder of the Series 2025A Notes for all purposes, including the preparation of tax returns and the preparation
of the Companys financial statements.

Section 2. Sale
and Purchase of Notes.

Section 2.1. Sale and Purchase
of Series 2025A Notes. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company will issue and sell to each Purchaser and
each Purchaser will purchase from the Company, at the Series 2025A Closing provided for in Section 3, Series 2025A Notes in the principal
amount and tranche specified opposite such Purchasers name in the Purchaser Schedule at the purchase price of (i) 98.5% of the
principal amount thereof, with respect to the Tranche A Notes, and (ii) 98.0% of the principal amount thereof, with respect to the Tranche
B Notes. The Purchasers obligations hereunder are several and not joint obligations and no Purchaser shall have any liability to
any Person for the performance or non-performance of any obligation by any other Purchaser hereunder.

Section 2.2. Additional Series
of Notes. The Company may, from time to time, in its sole discretion but subject to the terms hereof, issue and sell prior to March
25, 2035 one or more additional Series of its promissory notes under the provisions of this Agreement pursuant to a supplement (a Supplement)
substantially in the form of Exhibit S. Each additional Series of Notes (the Additional Notes) issued pursuant
to a Supplement shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:

(i) each Series of Additional
Notes, when so issued, shall be differentiated from all previous Series by sequential designation inscribed thereon;

(ii) Additional Notes of the
same Series may consist of more than one different and separate tranches and may differ with respect to outstanding principal amounts,
maturity dates, interest rates and premiums, if any, and price and terms of redemption or payment prior to maturity, but all such different
and separate tranches of the same Series shall vote as a single class and constitute one Series;

(iii) each Series of Additional
Notes shall be dated the date of issue, bear interest at such rate or rates, mature on such date or dates, be subject to such mandatory
and optional prepayment on the dates and at the premiums, if any, have such additional or different conditions precedent to closing, such
representations and warranties and such additional covenants as shall be specified in the Supplement under which such Additional Notes
are issued and upon execution of any such Supplement, this Agreement shall be amended (a) to reflect such additional covenants without
further action on the part of the holders of the Notes outstanding under this Agreement, provided, that any such additional covenants
shall inure to the benefit of all holders of Notes so long as any Additional Notes issued pursuant to such Supplement remain outstanding
and, provided further, for the avoidance of doubt, no covenant, definition or default expressly set forth in this Agreement
as of the date of this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended or deleted in any respect to be less favorable to the holders of the Notes
by virtue of the provisions of this clause (iii), and (b) to reflect such representations and warranties as are contained in such Supplement
for the benefit of the holders of such Additional Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 16;

-3-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(iv) each Series of Additional
Notes issued under this Agreement shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit 1 to Exhibit S hereto with such variations,
omissions and insertions as are necessary or permitted hereunder;

(v) the minimum principal amount
of any Note issued under a Supplement shall be $100,000, except as may be necessary to evidence the outstanding amount of any Note originally
issued in a denomination of $100,000 or more;

(vi) all Additional Notes shall
rank pari passu with all other outstanding Notes; and

(vii) no Additional Notes shall
be issued hereunder if at the time of issuance thereof and after giving effect to the application of the proceeds thereof, any Default
or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Section 3. Closing.

The sale and purchase of the
Series 2025A Notes to be purchased by each Purchaser shall occur at the offices of Chapman and Cutler LLP, 320 South Canal Street, Chicago,
IL 60606, at 8:00 am Chicago time, on March 25, 2025 (or such other place and time agreed by the Company and the Purchasers) (the Series
2025A Closing). At the Series 2025A Closing, the Company will deliver to each Purchaser the Series 2025A Notes to be purchased
by such Purchaser in the form of a single Series 2025A Note (or such greater number of Series 2025A Notes in denominations of at least
$100,000 as such Purchaser may request) dated the date of the Series 2025A Closing and registered in such Purchasers name (or in
the name of its nominee), against delivery by such Purchaser to the Company or its order of immediately available funds in the amount
of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds for the account of the Company pursuant to the applicable
funding instructions in Section 4.10 in connection with the Series 2025A Closing. If at the Series 2025A Closing the Company shall fail
to tender such Series 2025A Notes to any Purchaser as provided above in this Section 3, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4
shall not have been fulfilled to such Purchasers satisfaction, such Purchaser shall, at its election, be relieved of all further
obligations under this Agreement, without thereby waiving any rights such Purchaser may have by reason of such failure by the Company
to tender such Series 2025A Notes or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 not having been fulfilled to such Purchasers
satisfaction.

-4-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

The sale and purchase of any
Additional Notes shall occur at the times, in the manner and at the places specified in the Supplement with respect to such Additional
Notes (each an Additional Note Closing). At any such Additional Note Closing, the Company will deliver to each Purchaser
listed in the Supplement relating thereto the Additional Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser as set forth in the Supplement with respect
to such Additional Notes, in the form of one or more Notes in authorized denominations as such Purchaser may request for each such Series
of Additional Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser on the day of any such Additional Note Closing, dated as of the date of any such
Additional Note Closing and registered in such Purchasers name (or in the name of its nominee), against delivery by such Purchaser
to the Company or its order of immediately available funds in the amount of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the account of the Company specified in the Supplement for such Additional Notes and the applicable funding instructions
delivered pursuant to such Supplement in connection with the applicable Additional Note Closing.

Section 4. Conditions
to Closing.

Each Purchasers obligation
to purchase and pay for the Notes to be sold to such Purchaser at a Closing is subject to the fulfillment to such Purchasers satisfaction,
prior to or at such Closing, of the following conditions:

Section 4.1. Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall be correct when made and at such Closing.

Section 4.2. Performance; No Default.
The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement required to be performed
or complied with by it prior to or at such Closing. From the date of this Agreement until such Closing, before and after giving effect
to the issue and sale of the Notes (and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated by Section 5.14) at such Closing, no Change
in Control or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Section 4.3. Compliance Certificates.

(a) Officers Certificate.
The Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser an Officers Certificate, dated the date of such Closing, certifying that the
conditions specified in Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.9 have been fulfilled.

(b) Secretarys Certificate.
The Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser a certificate of its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, dated the date of such Closing,
certifying as to (i) the resolutions attached thereto and other corporate proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and
delivery of the Notes and this Agreement and (ii) the Companys organizational documents as then in effect.

-5-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel.
Such Purchaser shall have received opinions in form and substance satisfactory to such Purchaser, dated the date of such Closing (a) from
Dechert LLP, special counsel for the Company, covering the matters set forth in Schedule 4.4(a) and covering such other matters incident
to the transactions contemplated hereby as such Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request (and the Company hereby instructs its
counsel to deliver such opinion to the Purchasers) and (b) from Chapman and Cutler LLP, the Purchasers special counsel in
connection with such transactions, substantially in the form set forth in Schedule 4.4(b) and covering such other matters incident to
such transactions as such Purchaser may reasonably request.

Section 4.5. Purchase Permitted
By Applicable Law, Etc. On the date of the applicable Closing such Purchasers purchase of Notes shall (a) be permitted
by the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction to which such Purchaser is subject, without recourse to provisions (such as section 1405(a)(8)
of the New York Insurance Law) permitting limited investments by insurance companies without restriction as to the character of the
particular investment, (b) not violate any applicable law or regulation (including Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System) and (c) not subject such Purchaser to any tax, penalty or liability under or pursuant to any applicable
law or regulation, which law or regulation was not in effect on the date hereof. If requested by such Purchaser, such Purchaser shall
have received an Officers Certificate certifying as to such matters of fact as such Purchaser may reasonably specify to enable
such Purchaser to determine whether such purchase is so permitted.

Section 4.6. Sale of Other Notes.
Contemporaneously with the applicable Closing the Company shall sell to each other Purchaser and each other Purchaser shall purchase the
Notes to be purchased by it at such Closing as specified in the Purchaser Schedule.

Section 4.7. Payment of Special
Counsel Fees. Without limiting Section 15.1, the Company shall have paid on or before the applicable Closing the reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of the Purchasers special counsel referred to in Section 4.4 to the extent
reflected in a statement of such counsel rendered to the Company at least two (2) Business Days prior to such Closing.

Section 4.8. Private Placement
Number. A Private Placement Number issued by the PPN CUSIP Unit of CUSIP Global Services (in cooperation with the SVO) shall have
been obtained for each Series and/or tranche of the Notes.

Section 4.9. Changes in Legal Structure.
The Company shall not have changed its jurisdiction of organization or been a party to any merger or consolidation (in each case, other
than as permitted under Section 10.2) or succeeded to all or any substantial part of the liabilities of any other entity, at any
time following the date of the most recent financial statements referred to in Schedule 5.5.

Section 4.10. Funding Instructions.
At least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the applicable Closing, each Purchaser shall have received written instructions
signed by a Responsible Officer on letterhead of the Company confirming the information specified in Section 3 including (a) the
name and address of the transferee bank, (b) such transferee banks ABA number and (c) the account name and number into
which the purchase price for the Notes is to be deposited, which account shall be fully opened and able to receive micro deposits in accordance
with this Section at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing. Each Purchaser has the right, but not the obligation,
upon written notice (which may be by email) to the Company, to elect to deliver a micro deposit ($50.00 or less) to the account identified
in the written instructions no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Closing. If a Purchaser delivers a
micro deposit, a Responsible Officer must verbally verify the receipt and amount of the micro deposit to such Purchaser on a telephone
call initiated by such Purchaser prior to the applicable Closing. The Company shall not be obligated to return the amount of the
micro deposit, nor will the amount of the micro deposit be netted against the Purchasers purchase price of the Notes.

-6-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

At least two Business Days
prior to such Closing, if requested by a Purchaser, a Responsible Officer of the Company shall have confirmed such written instructions
in a live video conference call made available to the Purchasers.

Section 4.11. Rating. The Notes
shall have received a Rating of BBB- (or its equivalent) or better by a Rating Agency.

Section 4.12. Proceedings and Documents.
All corporate and other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all documents and instruments
incident to such transactions shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser and its special counsel, and such Purchaser and its special
counsel shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as such Purchaser or such special
counsel may reasonably request.

Section 4.13. Conditions to Issuance
of Additional Notes. The obligations of the Additional Purchasers to purchase any Additional Notes shall be subject to the following
conditions precedent, in addition to the conditions specified in the Supplement pursuant to which such Additional Notes may be issued:

(a) Compliance Certificate.
A duly authorized Senior Financial Officer shall execute and deliver to each Additional Purchaser an Officers Certificate dated
the date of issue of such Series of Additional Notes stating that such officer has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement (including
any Supplements hereto) and setting forth the information and computations (in sufficient detail) required in order to establish whether
the Company is in compliance with the requirements of Section 10.8 on such date (based upon the financial statements for the most
recent fiscal quarter ended prior to the date of such certificate but after giving effect to the issuance of the Additional Series of
Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof).

(b) Execution and Delivery
of Supplement. The Company and each such Additional Purchaser shall execute and deliver a Supplement substantially in the form of
Exhibit S hereto.

(c) Representations of Additional
Purchasers. Each Additional Purchaser shall have confirmed in the Supplement that the representations set forth in Section 6
are true with respect to such Additional Purchaser on and as of the date of issue of the Additional Notes.

(d) Execution and Delivery
of Guaranty Ratification. Each Subsidiary Guarantor, if any, shall execute and deliver a ratification of its Subsidiary Guaranty.

-7-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 5. Representations
and Warranties of the Company.

The Company represents and
warrants to each Purchaser as of the date of each applicable Closing (or, if any such representations and warranties expressly relate
to an earlier date (other than the date of an earlier Closing), then as of such earlier date) that:

Section 5.1. Organization; Power
and Authority. The Company is a statutory trust duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware, and is duly qualified as a foreign statutory trust and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification
is required by law, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has the statutory trust power and authority to own or hold under lease the
properties it purports to own or hold under lease, to transact the business it transacts and proposes to transact, to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the Notes and to perform the provisions hereof and thereof.

Section 5.2. Authorization, Etc.
This Agreement and the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary statutory trust action on the part of the Company, and this Agreement
constitutes, and upon execution and delivery thereof each Note will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles
of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

Section 5.3. Disclosure. This
Agreement, the financial statements listed in Schedule 5.5 and the documents, certificates or other writings delivered to the Purchasers
by or on behalf of the Company (other than information relating to third parties and general economic information) prior to February 25,
2025 in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (this Agreement and such documents, certificates or other writings and such
financial statements delivered to each Purchaser being referred to, collectively, as the Disclosure Documents), taken
as a whole, did not as of February 25, 2025 and (after taking account all updates thereto and the same having been delivered to the Purchasers),
do not, as of the Effective Date, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure
Documents, since December 31, 2023, there has been no change in the financial condition, operations, business or properties of the
Company or any Subsidiary except changes that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. There is no fact known to the Company that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been set
forth herein or in the Disclosure Documents.

-8-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 5.4. Organization and Ownership
of Shares of Subsidiaries; Affiliates. (a) Schedule 5.4 (as may be updated by the Company for each Closing pursuant to any
Supplement executed and delivered in connection with such Closing) contains (except as noted therein) complete and correct lists as of
the Effective Date of (i) the Companys Subsidiaries, showing, as to each Subsidiary, the name thereof, the jurisdiction of its
organization, the percentage of shares of each class of its capital stock or similar equity interests outstanding owned by the Company
and each other Subsidiary and whether such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor, and (ii) the Companys trustees and senior officers.

(b) All of the outstanding shares of capital
stock or similar equity interests of each Subsidiary shown in Schedule 5.4 (as may be updated by the Company for each Closing pursuant
to any Supplement executed and delivered in connection with such Closing) as being owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries have been
validly issued, and, to the extent applicable, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by the Company or another Subsidiary free
and clear of any Lien that is prohibited by this Agreement.

(c) Each Subsidiary is a limited liability
company or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of organization or incorporation, as applicable, and is duly qualified as a foreign limited liability company or other legal entity and,
where applicable, is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by law, except where the failure to
do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each such Subsidiary has
the limited liability company or other applicable power and authority to own or hold under lease the properties it purports to own or
hold under lease and to transact the business it transacts and proposes to transact, except where the failure to do so would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) No Subsidiary is subject to any legal,
regulatory, contractual or other restriction (other than the agreements listed on Schedule 5.4 (as may be updated by the Company for each
Closing pursuant to any Supplement executed and delivered in connection with such Closing) and customary limitations imposed by corporate
law or similar statutes) restricting the ability of such Subsidiary to pay dividends out of profits or make any other similar distributions
of profits to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that owns outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity interests of such
Subsidiary.

Section 5.5. Financial Statements;
Material Liabilities. The Company has delivered to each Purchaser copies of the financial statements of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries. All of such financial statements (including in each case the related schedules and notes, but excluding all financial projections,
pro forma financial information and other forward-looking information) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the respective dates specified in such Schedule and the consolidated results
of their operations and cash flows for the respective periods so specified and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied throughout the periods involved except as set forth in the notes thereto (subject, in the case of any interim financial statements,
to normal year-end adjustments and lack of footnotes).

-9-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws,
Other Instruments, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Notes will not (i) contravene,
result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any Lien in respect of any property of the Company
or any Subsidiary under, any (A) indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan, purchase or credit agreement, lease or any other agreement
or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or by which the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
may be bound or affected or (B) the declaration of trust or by-laws of the Company, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach
of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any order, judgment, decree or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority
applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or (iii) violate any provision of any statute or other rule or regulation of any Governmental
Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary, in each case, except where any of the foregoing (other than clause (i)(B) above),
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations,
Etc. No consent, approval or authorization of, or registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required
in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Company of this Agreement or the Notes, other than any filing required
under the Exchange Act or the rules or regulations promulgated thereunder on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K.

Section 5.8. Litigation; Observance
of Agreements, Statutes and Orders. (a) There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or any property of the Company or any Subsidiary
in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any Governmental Authority that would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is (i) in default under any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, (ii) in violation of any order, judgment,
decree or ruling of any court, any arbitrator of any kind or any Governmental Authority or (iii) in violation of any applicable law, ordinance,
rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws, the USA PATRIOT Act or any of the other laws and regulations
that are referred to in Section 5.16), which default or violation would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.9. Taxes. The Company
and its Subsidiaries have filed all federal and state income and other material tax returns that are required to have been filed in any
jurisdiction, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and all other taxes and assessments levied upon them
or their properties, assets, income or franchises, to the extent such taxes and assessments have become due and payable and before they
have become delinquent, except for any taxes and assessments (i) the amount of which, individually or in the aggregate, is not Material
or (ii) the amount, applicability or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
with respect to which the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, has established adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP.

-10-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 5.10. Title to Property.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and sufficient title to their respective properties that individually or in the aggregate are
Material, including all such properties reflected in the most recent audited balance sheet referred to in Section 5.5 or purported to
have been acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary after such date (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of
business), in each case free and clear of Liens prohibited by this Agreement.

Section 5.11. Licenses, Permits,
Etc. (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess all licenses, permits, franchises, authorizations, patents, copyrights,
proprietary software, service marks, trademarks and trade names, or rights thereto, that individually or in the aggregate are Material,
without known conflict with the rights of others, except for any such conflicts that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) To the knowledge of the Company, no
product or service of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries infringes in any material respect any license, permit, franchise, authorization,
patent, copyright, proprietary software, service mark, trademark, trade name or other right owned by any other Person, except for any
such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) To the knowledge of the Company, there
is no Material violation by any Person of any right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any license, permit, franchise,
authorization, patent, copyright, proprietary software, service mark, trademark, trade name or other right owned or used by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 5.12. Compliance with Employee
Benefit Plans. (a) The Company does not maintain, contribute to and is not obligated to maintain or contribute to, or has, at any
time within the past six years, maintained, contributed to or been obligated to maintain or contribute to, any employee benefit plan which
is subject to Title I or Title IV of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (a U.S. Plan), and no ERISA Affiliate of the Company
has, or in the past six years maintained, contributed to or is obligated to maintain or contribute to any U.S. Plan that would reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect None of the assets of the Company are or shall be treated as plan assets
pursuant to 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.

(b) The present value of the
aggregate benefit liabilities under each of the Pension Plans, determined as of the end of such Pension Plans most recently ended
plan year on the basis of the actuarial assumptions specified for funding purposes in such Pension Plans most recent actuarial
valuation report, did not exceed the aggregate current value of the assets of such Pension Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities
by an amount that has resulted in or could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The term benefit liabilities has the meaning specified in section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA and the terms current value
and present value have the meaning specified in section 3(26) and section 3(27), respectively, of ERISA.

-11-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(c) The Company has not, and
its ERISA Affiliates have not (except as would not otherwise be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) incurred withdrawal liabilities
(and are not subject to contingent withdrawal liabilities) under section 4201 or 4204 of ERISA in respect of Multiemployer Plans that
individually or in the aggregate have resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Notes hereunder do not involve any transaction that is subject
to the prohibitions of section 406(a) of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D)
of the Code. The representation by the Company to each Purchaser in the first sentence of this Section 5.12(e) is made in reliance upon
and subject to the accuracy of such Purchasers representation in Section 6.2.

(e) The Company and its Subsidiaries
do not have any Non-U.S. Plans that have resulted or could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 5.13. Private Offering by the
Company. Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has offered the Series 2025A Notes or any substantially similar debt
Securities for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy the Series 2025A Notes or any substantially similar debt Securities from, or otherwise
approached or negotiated in respect thereof with, any Person other than the Purchasers, each of which has been offered the Series 2025A
Notes at a private sale for investment. Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would
subject the issuance or sale of the Series 2025A Notes to the registration requirements of section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration
requirements of any Securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction.

Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds;
Margin Regulations. The Company will apply the proceeds of the sale of the Series 2025A Notes hereunder for the general corporate
purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries, including to make investments, repay existing debt and make distributions permitted by this
Agreement. No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Series 2025A Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose
of buying or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(12 CFR 221), or for the purpose of buying or carrying or trading in any Securities under such circumstances as to involve the Company
in a violation of Regulation X of said Board (12 CFR 224) or to involve any broker or dealer in a violation of Regulation T of said Board
(12 CFR 220). Margin stock does not constitute more than 25% of the value of the consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries
and the Company does not have any present intention that margin stock will constitute more than 25% of the value of such assets. As used
in this Section, the terms margin stock and purpose of buying or carrying shall have the meanings
assigned to them in said Regulation U.

-12-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 5.15. Existing Indebtedness;
Future Liens. (a) Except as described therein, Schedule 5.15 (as may be updated by the Company for each Closing pursuant to any
Supplement executed and delivered in connection with such Closing) sets forth a complete and correct list of all outstanding Material
Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (provided that the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness for borrowed money not
listed on Schedule 5.15 does not exceed $500,000,000) as of March 25, 2025, since which date there has been no Material change in the
amounts, interest rates, sinking funds, installment payments or maturities of the Material Indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries.
As of March 25, 2025, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default is currently in effect, in the payment
of any principal or interest on any Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, no event or condition
exists with respect to any Material Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary that would permit (or that with notice or the lapse
of time, or both, would permit) one or more Persons to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due and payable before its stated maturity
or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment.

(b) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.15
(as may be updated by the Company for each Closing pursuant to any Supplement executed and delivered in connection with such Closing),
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has agreed or consented to cause or permit any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, to be subject to a Lien that secures Indebtedness for borrowed money or to cause or permit in the future (upon the happening
of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien that secures Indebtedness.

(c) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is a party to, or otherwise subject to any provision contained in, any instrument evidencing Material Indebtedness of the Company or such
Subsidiary, any agreement relating thereto or any other agreement (including its charter or any other organizational document) which limits
the amount of, or otherwise imposes restrictions on the incurring of, Material Indebtedness of the Company, except as disclosed in Schedule 5.15
(as may be updated by the Company for each Closing pursuant to any Supplement executed and delivered in connection with such Closing).

Section 5.16. Foreign Assets Control
Regulations, Etc.. As of the Effective Date: (a) Neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity (i) is a Blocked Person
or Canada Blocked Person, (ii) has been notified that its name appears or may in the future appear on a State Sanctions List or (iii) is
a target of sanctions that have been imposed by Canada, the United Nations, the United Kingdom or the European Union.

(b) Neither the Company nor any Controlled
Entity (i) has violated, been found in violation of, or been charged or convicted under, any applicable U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws,
Canadian Economic Sanctions Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws or (ii) to the Companys knowledge, is
under investigation by any Governmental Authority for possible violation of any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, Canadian Economic Sanctions
Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws.

-13-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(c) No part of the proceeds from the sale
of the Notes hereunder:

(i) constitutes or will constitute
funds obtained on behalf of any Blocked Person or Canada Blocked Person or will otherwise be used by the Company or any Controlled Entity,
directly or indirectly, (A) in connection with any investment in, or any transactions or dealings with, any Blocked Person or Canada
Blocked Person, (B) for any purpose that would cause any Purchaser to be in violation of any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws or Canadian
Economic Sanctions or (C) otherwise in violation of any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws or Canadian Economic Sanctions Laws;

(ii) will be used, directly or
indirectly, in violation of, or cause any Purchaser to be in violation of, any applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws; or

(iii) will be used, directly
or indirectly, for the purpose of making any improper payments, including bribes, to any Governmental Official or commercial counterparty
in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in each case which would be in violation of, or cause
any Purchaser to be in violation of, any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws.

(d) The Company has established procedures
and controls which it reasonably believes are adequate (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that the Company and each
Controlled Entity is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, Canadian Economic Sanctions
Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws.

Section 5.17. Investment Company Act.
(a) The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act and has elected to be treated as a RIC.

(b) The business and other activities of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the issuance of the Notes hereunder, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof
by the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not result in a violation or breach in any material
respect of the provisions of the Investment Company Act or any rules, regulations or orders issued by the SEC thereunder, in each case
that are applicable to the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(c) The Company is in compliance in all
respects with the Investment Policies, except to the extent that the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 5.18. Priority of Obligations.
The payment obligations of the Company under this Agreement and the Notes, and the payment obligations of any Subsidiary Guarantor under
its Subsidiary Guaranty, rank at least pari passu, without preference or priority, with all other unsecured and unsubordinated
Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable.

-14-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 6. Representations
of the Purchasers.

Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment. (a) Each
Purchaser severally represents that it is purchasing the Notes for its own account or for one or more separate accounts maintained by
such Purchaser or for the account of one or more pension or trust funds and not with a view to the distribution thereof, provided
that the disposition of such Purchasers or their property shall at all times be within such Purchasers or their control.
Each Purchaser understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and may be resold only if registered pursuant
to the provisions of the Securities Act or if an exemption from registration is available, except under circumstances where neither such
registration nor such an exemption is required by law, and that the Company is not required to register the Notes.

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, each
Purchaser and each subsequent holder of any Note severally agrees that, in the event the Notes or any part or portion thereof are held
by a Person (i) which directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control
with the Company or (ii) whose investments or investment related decisions are managed by the Company or any its Controlled or Controlling
Affiliates, such Person shall have no rights whatsoever to exercise any voting rights in respect of any such Note or Notes so acquired,
nor have any rights to participate, directly or indirectly, in any meetings or other written, telegraphic, telecommunication, internet
or other communications between and among holders of the Notes regarding enforcement or other rights of such holders, except with relation
to any amendment, waiver or consent pursuant to Section 17.1(a)(1), (2) or (3), and, solely for the purpose of determining whether the
holders of the requisite percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding approved or consented to any amendment,
waiver or consent to be given under this Agreement or the Notes or in the Subsidiary Guaranty, or have directed the taking of any action
provided herein or in the Notes or in the Subsidiary Guaranty to be taken upon the direction of the holders of a specified percentage
of the aggregate principal amount of Notes of any tranche then outstanding, such Note or Notes so acquired shall be deemed not to be outstanding
except with respect to any amendment, waiver or consent pursuant to Section 17.1(a)(1), (2) or (3).

Section 6.2. Source of Funds. Each
Purchaser severally represents that at least one of the following statements is an accurate representation as to each source of funds
(a Source) to be used by such Purchaser to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser
hereunder:

(a) the Source is an insurance
company general account (as the term is defined in the United States Department of Labors Prohibited Transaction Exemption
(PTE) 95-60) in respect of which the reserves and liabilities (as defined by the annual statement for life insurance
companies approved by the NAIC (the NAIC Annual Statement)) for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf
of any employee benefit plan together with the amount of the reserves and liabilities for the general account contract(s) held by or on
behalf of any other employee benefit plans maintained by the same employer (or affiliate thereof as defined in PTE 95-60) or by the same
employee organization in the general account do not exceed 10% of the total reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive
of separate account liabilities) plus surplus as set forth in the NAIC Annual Statement filed with such Purchasers state of domicile;
or

-15-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(b) the Source is a separate
account that is maintained solely in connection with such Purchasers fixed contractual obligations under which the amounts payable,
or credited, to any employee benefit plan (or its related trust) that has any interest in such separate account (or to any participant
or beneficiary of such plan (including any annuitant)) are not affected in any manner by the investment performance of the separate account;

(c) the Source is either (i)
an insurance company pooled separate account, within the meaning of PTE 90-1 or (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within the meaning
of the PTE 91-38 and, except as disclosed by such Purchaser to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (c), no employee benefit
plan or group of plans maintained by the same employer or employee organization beneficially owns more than 10% of all assets allocated
to such pooled separate account or collective investment fund;

(d) the Source constitutes assets
of an investment fund (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14 (the QPAM Exemption)) managed by
a qualified professional asset manager or QPAM (within the meaning of Part VI of the QPAM Exemption), no employee
benefit plans assets that are managed by the QPAM in such investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee
benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption)
of such employer or by the same employee organization and managed by such QPAM, represent more than 20% of the total client assets managed
by such QPAM, the conditions of Part I(c) and (g) of the QPAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the QPAM nor a person controlling or controlled
by the QPAM maintains an ownership interest in the Company that would cause the QPAM and the Company to be related within
the meaning of Part VI(h) of the QPAM Exemption and (i) the identity of such QPAM and (ii) the names of any employee benefit plans whose
assets in the investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same
employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization,
represent 10% or more of the assets of such investment fund, have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (d);

(e) the Source constitutes assets
of a plan(s) (within the meaning of Part IV(h) of PTE 96-23 (the INHAM Exemption)) managed by
an in-house asset manager or INHAM (within the meaning of Part IV(a) of the INHAM Exemption), the conditions
of Part I(a), (g) and (h) of the INHAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the INHAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the INHAM
(applying the definition of control in Part IV(d)(3) of the INHAM Exemption) owns a 10% or more interest in the Company
and (i) the identity of such INHAM and (ii) the name(s) of the employee benefit plan(s) whose assets constitute the Source have been disclosed
to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (e);

-16-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(f) the Source is a governmental
plan;

(g) the Source is one or more
employee benefit plans, or a separate account or trust fund comprised of one or more employee benefit plans, each of which has been heretofore
identified to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (g); or

(h) the Source does not include
assets of any employee benefit plan, other than a plan that is not subject to ERISA or section 4975 of the Code.

As used in this Section 6.2, the terms employee
benefit plan, governmental plan and separate account shall have the respective meanings
assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA.

Section 6.3. Investment Experience;
Access to Information. Each Purchaser severally represents that it (a) is an institutional accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, an Institutional Account as defined in FINRA
Rule 4512(c), (b) either alone or together with its representatives has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment and make an informed decision to so invest, and has so evaluated
the risks and merits of such investment, (c) has the ability to bear the economic risks of this investment and can afford a complete
loss of such investment, (d) understands the terms of and risks associated with the purchase of the Notes, including, without limitation,
a lack of liquidity, pricing availability and risks associated with the industry in which the Company operates, (e) has had the opportunity
to review (i) the Disclosure Documents, (ii) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024, and (iii) such other disclosure regarding the Company, its business and its financial condition as such Purchaser has determined
to be necessary in connection with the purchase of the Notes, and (f) has had an opportunity to ask such questions and make such
inquiries concerning the Company, its business, its management and its financial affairs and condition, in each case, as such Purchaser
has deemed appropriate in connection with such purchase and to receive satisfactory answers to such questions and inquiries.

Section 6.4. Authorization. Each
Purchaser severally represents that (a) it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (b) this Agreement, when
executed and delivered by such Purchaser, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of such Purchaser, enforceable in accordance
with their terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and any other
laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

Section 6.5. Legends. Each Purchaser
understands that the Notes may be notated with one or both of the following legends:

(a) THE NOTE REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION
WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO UNLESS
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 IS AVAILABLE. 

-17-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(b) Any legend required by the
securities laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to the Notes represented by the certificate, instrument or book entry
so legended.

Section 6.6. Acknowledgment. Each
Purchaser acknowledges (for itself and for each account for which such purchaser is acquiring Notes hereunder) that such Purchaser has
carefully reviewed the Disclosure Documents and has been furnished with all other materials that it considers relevant to an investment
in the Notes, has had a full opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from the Company or any person or persons acting on behalf
of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of an investment in the Notes, has independently made its own analysis and decision
to invest in the Notes, and no statement or printed material which is contrary to the Disclosure Documents has been made or given to such
Purchaser by or on behalf of the Company.

Section 7. Information
as to Company.

Section 7.1. Financial and Business
Information. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser and each holder of a Note that, in each case, is an Institutional Investor:

(a) Quarterly
Statements within 60 days (or such shorter period as is the earlier of (x) 15 days greater than the period applicable to
the filing of the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q) with the SEC regardless of
whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof and (y) the date by which such financial statements are required
to be delivered under any Material Credit Facility or the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under
any Material Credit Facility if such delivery occurs earlier than such required delivery date) after the end of each quarterly
fiscal period in each fiscal year of the Company (other than the last quarterly fiscal period of each such fiscal year), copies
of:

(i) a consolidated balance sheet
of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and

(ii) consolidated statements of
operations, changes in net assets and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, for such quarter and (in the case of
the consolidated statements of operations for the second and third quarters) for the portion of the fiscal year ending with such quarter,

setting forth in each case in comparative
form the figures for the corresponding periods in the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP
applicable to quarterly financial statements generally (other than absence of footnotes and year-end adjustments), and certified by a
Senior Financial Officer as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries
being reported on and their results of operations and cash flows, subject to changes resulting from year-end adjustments;

-18-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(b) Annual Statements
within 105 days (or such shorter period as is the earlier of (x) 15 days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject
to the filing requirements thereof and (y) the date by which such financial statements are required to be delivered under any Material
Credit Facility or the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under any Material Credit Facility if such
delivery occurs earlier than such required delivery date) after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, copies of:

(i) a consolidated balance sheet
of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the end of such year, and

(ii) consolidated statements of
operations, changes in net assets and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for such year,

setting forth in each case in comparative
form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by an opinion
thereon (without a going concern qualification or exception as to the Company (other than as a result of the impending maturity
or any prospective default under any credit document of the Company, including this Agreement and the Notes) and without any qualification
or exception as to the scope of the audit on which such opinion is based) of independent public accountants of recognized national standing,
which opinion shall state that such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies
being reported upon and their results of operations and cash flows and have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, and that the examination
of such accountants in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards,
and that such audit provides a reasonable basis for such opinion in the circumstances;

(c) SEC and Other Reports
promptly upon their becoming available, one copy of (i) each financial statement, report, notice, proxy statement or similar document
sent by the Company or any Subsidiary to its public Securities holders generally, and (ii) each regular or periodic report, each
registration statement (without exhibits except as expressly requested by such holder), and each prospectus and all amendments thereto
filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC and of all press releases and other statements made available generally by the Company
or any Subsidiary to the public concerning developments that are Material;

(d) Notice of Event of Default
promptly, and in any event within 5 Business Days, after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the existence of any Event of
Default or that any Person (other than a Purchaser or a holder of a Note (except with respect to any claimed default of the type referred
to in Section 11(a) or 11(b) provided by any single holder of a Note)) has given any notice or taken any action with respect to a claimed
default hereunder or that any Person (other than a Purchaser or a holder of a Note) has given any notice or taken any action with respect
to a claimed default of the type referred to in Section 11(f), a written notice specifying the nature and period of existence thereof
and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto;

-19-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(e) Employee Benefits Matters
promptly, and in any event within 5 days, after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of any of the following, a written notice
setting forth the nature thereof and the action, if any, that the Company or an ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto:

(i) with respect to any Pension
Plan, any reportable event, as defined in section 4043(c) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, for which notice thereof has not
been waived pursuant to such regulations as in effect on the date hereof;

(ii) the taking by the PBGC of
steps to institute, or the threatening by the PBGC of the institution of, proceedings under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination
of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice
from a Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan;

(iii) any event, transaction or
condition that would reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant
to Title I or IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans (as defined in section
3(3) of ERISA), or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant
to Title I or IV of ERISA or such penalty or excise tax provisions, if such liability or Lien, taken together with any other such liabilities
or Liens then existing, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(iv) receipt of notice of the imposition
of a financial penalty (which for this purpose shall mean any tax, penalty or other liability, whether by way of indemnity or otherwise)
with respect to one or more Non-U.S. Plans that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) Notices from Governmental
Authority promptly, and in any event within 30 days of receipt thereof, copies of any notice to the Company or any Subsidiary
from any Governmental Authority relating to any order, ruling, statute or other law or regulation that would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect and to the extent such notice is required to be disclosed in connection with any regulation or disclosure
obligations under the Securities Act;

(g) Resignation or Replacement
of Auditors within 10 days following the date on which the Companys auditors resign or the Company elects to change
auditors, as the case may be, notification thereof, together with such further information as the Required Holders may request;

-20-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(h) Requested Information
with reasonable promptness, such other data and information relating to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition,
assets or properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or relating to the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder
and under the Notes as from time to time may be reasonably requested by a holder of the Notes, in each case to the extent reasonably available
to the Company; and

(i) Supplements 
promptly, and in any event within 10 Business Days after the execution and delivery of any Supplement, a copy thereof.

Section 7.2. Officers Certificate.
Each set of financial statements delivered to a Purchaser or holder of a Note pursuant to Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b) shall
be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer:

(a) Covenant Compliance
setting forth the information from such financial statements that is required in order to establish whether the Company was in
compliance with the requirements of Section 10.8 during the quarterly or annual period covered by the financial statements then being
furnished (including with respect to each such provision that involves mathematical calculations, the information from such financial
statements that is required to perform such calculations) and detailed calculations of the maximum or minimum amount, ratio or percentage,
as the case may be, permissible under the terms of such Section, and the calculation of the amount, ratio or percentage then in existence.
In the event that the Company or any Subsidiary has made an election to measure any financial liability using fair value (which election
is being disregarded for purposes of determining compliance with this Agreement pursuant to Section 22.2) as to the period covered by
any such financial statement, such Senior Financial Officers certificate as to such period shall include a reconciliation from
GAAP with respect to such election;

(b) Event of Default 
certifying that such Senior Financial Officer has reviewed the relevant terms hereof and has made, or caused to be made, under his or
her supervision, a review of the transactions and conditions of the Company and its Subsidiaries from the beginning of the quarterly or
annual period covered by the statements then being furnished to the date of the certificate and that such review shall not have disclosed
the existence during such period of any condition or event that constitutes an Event of Default or, if any such condition or event existed
or exists (including any such event or condition resulting from the failure of the Company or any Subsidiary to comply with any Environmental
Law), specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company shall have taken or proposes to take with respect
thereto; and

(c) Subsidiary Guarantors
setting forth a statement of any changes to the list of all Subsidiaries that are Subsidiary Guarantors since the most recent
statement delivered pursuant to this Section 7.2(c) and certifying that each Subsidiary that is required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor
pursuant to Section 9.7 is a Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case, as of the date of such certificate of Senior Financial Officer.

-21-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 7.3. Visitation. The Company
shall permit the representatives of each Purchaser and each holder of a Note that, in each case, is an Institutional Investor:

(a) No Default 
if no Event of Default then exists and is continuing, at the expense of such holder and upon at least ten (10) Business Days prior
notice to the Company, to visit the principal executive office of the Company, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company
and its Subsidiaries with the Companys officers, and (with the consent of the Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld
and so long as a Senior Financial Officer or his or her delegee is given reasonable notice and the opportunity to be present during such
discussions) its independent public accountants, and (with the consent of the Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld)
to visit the other offices and properties of the Company and each Subsidiary, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably
requested in writing; provided, that such visitation rights set forth in this clause (a) may only be exercised once per calendar
year for all holders of the Notes, collectively; and

(b) Default if
an Event of Default then exists and is continuing, at the expense of the Company and upon at least ten (10) Business Days prior
notice to the Company, to visit and inspect any of the offices or properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, to examine all their respective
books of account, records, reports and other papers, to make copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances
and accounts with their respective officers and independent public accountants (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants
to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries), all at such reasonable times and as often as may be
reasonably requested.

Section 7.4. Electronic Delivery.
Financial statements, opinions of independent certified public accountants, other information and Officers Certificates that are
required to be delivered by the Company pursuant to Sections 7.1(a), (b) or (c) and Section 7.2 shall be deemed to have been delivered
if the Company satisfies any of the following requirements with respect thereto:

(a) such
financial statements satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or (b) and related Officers Certificate satisfying the requirements
of Section 7.2 and any other information required under Section 7.1(c) are delivered to each holder of a Note by e-mail at the e-mail
address set forth in such holders Purchaser Schedule or as communicated from time to time in a separate writing delivered to the
Company;

(b) the Company shall have timely
filed such Form 10Q or Form 10K, satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a), Section 7.1(b) or Section 7.1(i), as the
case may be, with the SEC on EDGAR and shall have made such form accessible from its home page on the internet, which is located at http://www.bcred.com/
as of the date of this Agreement and shall have delivered and, with respect to Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b), the related Officers
Certificate satisfying the requirements of Section 7.2 to each holder of a Note by electronic mail;

-22-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(c) such financial statements
satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b) and related Officers Certificate(s) satisfying the requirements
of Section 7.2 and any other information required under Section 7.1(c), or any Supplement referred to in Section 7.1(i), as applicable,
is/are timely posted by or on behalf of the Company on Intralinks or on any other similar website to which each holder of Notes has free
access; or

(d) the Company shall have timely
filed any of the items referred to in Section 7.1(c) or Section 7.1(i) with the SEC on EDGAR and shall have made such items available
on its home page on the internet or on Intralinks or on any other similar website to which each holder of Notes has free access;

provided however, that in no case shall
access to such financial statements, other information and Officers Certificates be conditioned upon any waiver or other agreement
or consent (other than confidentiality provisions consistent with Section 20 of this Agreement); provided further, that in the
case of any of clauses (b), (c) or (d), the Company shall have given each holder of a Note prior written notice, which may be by e-mail,
included in the Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 7.2 or in accordance with Section 18, of such posting or filing
in connection with each delivery, provided further, that upon request of any holder to receive paper copies of such forms, financial
statements, other information and Officers Certificates or to receive them by e-mail, the Company will promptly e-mail them or
deliver such paper copies, as the case may be, to such holder.

Section 8. Payment
and Prepayment of the Notes.

Section 8.1. Maturity. As provided
therein, the entire unpaid principal balance of each Note shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date thereof.

Section 8.2. Optional Prepayments
with Prepayment Settlement Amount. The Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided below, prepay at any time all, or from
time to time, to the extent permitted by the last sentence of this Section 8.2, any part of, any Series or tranche of the Notes, in an
amount not less than 10% of the aggregate principal amount of such Series or tranche of Notes then outstanding in the case of a partial
prepayment, at 100% of the principal amount so prepaid, and the Prepayment Settlement Amount (if any) applicable to such Series or tranche
of Notes determined for the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount. The Company will give each holder of such Series or
tranche of Notes written notice of each optional prepayment under this Section 8.2 not less than 10 days and not more than 60 days
prior to the date fixed for such prepayment unless the Company and the Required Holders agree to another time period pursuant to Section
17. Each such notice shall specify such date (which shall be a Business Day), the aggregate principal amount of such Series or tranche
of Notes to be prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each Note held by such holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with
Section 8.3), and the interest in such Series or tranche to be paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount being
prepaid, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer as to the estimated Prepayment Settlement Amount (if
any) applicable to such Series or tranche of Notes due in connection with such prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were
the date of the prepayment), setting forth the details of such computation. Two Business Days prior to such prepayment, the Company shall
deliver to each holder of Notes in such Series or tranche a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such
Prepayment Settlement Amount (if any) applicable to such Series or tranche of Notes as of the specified prepayment date. Notwithstanding
the foregoing and anything contained in this Section to the contrary, if and so long as any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, or if such partial prepayment is made before the Clean-Up Period Start Date for such Series or tranche, as applicable,
any partial prepayment of Notes pursuant to the provisions of this Section 8.2 shall be allocated among all of the Notes of all Series
and tranches at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof.

-23-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 8.3. Allocation of Partial Prepayments.
In the case of each partial prepayment of the Notes pursuant to Section 8.2, the principal amount of the Notes to be prepaid shall be
allocated among all of the Notes at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts
thereof not theretofore called for prepayment. For the avoidance of doubt, so long as no Event of Default then exists, the Company may
optionally prepay any Series or tranche of Notes without the allocation of such prepayment among all of the Notes at the time outstanding,
provided that such Series or tranche, as applicable, is paid in full after the Clean-Up Period Start Date for such Series or tranche,
as applicable.

Section 8.4. Maturity;
Surrender, Etc. In the case of each prepayment of any Series or tranche of Notes pursuant to this Section 8, the
principal amount of each Note to be prepaid shall mature and become due and payable on the date fixed for such prepayment, together
with interest on such principal amount accrued to such date and the applicable Prepayment Settlement Amount, if any, or Make-Whole
Amount, if any. From and after such date, unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so due and payable,
together with the interest and Prepayment Settlement Amount, if any, or Make-Whole Amount, if any, as aforesaid, interest on such
principal amount shall cease to accrue. Any Note paid or prepaid in full shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled and shall
not be reissued, and no Note shall be issued in lieu of any prepaid principal amount of any Note.

Section 8.5. Purchase of Notes.
The Company will not and will not permit any Affiliate to purchase, redeem, prepay or otherwise acquire after the date of the first Closing,
directly or indirectly, any of the outstanding Notes except (a) upon the payment or prepayment of such Notes in accordance with this Agreement
and such Notes or (b) pursuant to an offer to purchase made by the Company or an Affiliate pro rata to the holders of all Notes in any
Series or tranche at the time outstanding upon the same terms and conditions. Any such offer shall provide each applicable holder with
sufficient information to enable it to make an informed decision with respect to such offer, and shall remain open for at least 10 Business
Days. If the holders of more than 25% of the principal amount of the Notes in such Series or tranche then outstanding accept such offer,
the Company shall promptly notify the remaining holders of Notes in such Series or tranche of such fact and the expiration date for the
acceptance by holders of Notes in such Series or tranche of such offer shall be extended by the number of days necessary to give each
such remaining holder at least 5 Business Days from its receipt of such notice to accept such offer. The Company will promptly cancel
such Notes acquired by it or any Affiliate after the date of the first Closing pursuant to any payment, prepayment or purchase of such
Notes pursuant to this Agreement and no Notes may be issued in substitution or exchange for any such Notes. For the avoidance of doubt,
no Prepayment Settlement Amount shall be owed in connection with any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 8.5(b).

Section 8.6. Make-Whole Amount;
Prepayment Settlement Amount.

-24-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Prepayment Settlement Amount
means, with respect to any Series 2025A Note, an amount equal to the Prepayment Settlement Amount, as follows:

Prepaid during the period Prepayment Settlement Amount

On or before the Clean-Up Period Start Date Make-Whole Amount

After the Clean-Up Period Start Date Zero

Make-Whole Amount
means, with respect to any Note, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with
respect to the Called Principal of such Note over the amount of such Called Principal, provided that the Make-Whole Amount may
in no event be less than zero. For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount, the following terms have the following meanings:

Called Principal
means, with respect to any Note, the principal of such Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2 or has become or is declared
to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires.

Clean-Up Period
Start Date means, (i) with respect to any Tranche A Note, September 25, 2030, (ii) with respect to any Tranche B Note, September
25, 2032, (iii) with respect to any Additional Notes, the date set forth as the Clean-Up Period Start Date applicable to such Note in
the Supplement with respect thereto.

Discounted Value
means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect
to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance
with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the Notes is
payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal.

Reinvestment Yield
means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, the sum of (a) 0.50% plus (b) the yield to maturity implied by the Ask
Yield(s) reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect
to such Called Principal, on the display designated as Page PX1 (or such other display as may replace Page PX1) on Bloomberg
Financial Markets for the most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities (Reported) having
a maturity equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. If there are no such U.S. Treasury
securities Reported having a maturity equal to such Remaining Average Life, then such implied yield to maturity will be determined by
(i) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (ii) interpolating
linearly between the Ask Yields Reported for the applicable most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury
securities with the maturities (1) closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) closest to and less than
such Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of
the applicable Note.

-25-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

If such yields are not Reported
or the yields Reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), then Reinvestment Yield
means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, the sum of (x) 0.50% plus (y) the yield to maturity implied by the U.S.
Treasury constant maturity yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second Business Day
preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (or any comparable successor
publication) for the U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of
such Settlement Date. If there is no such U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to such Remaining Average Life, such implied
yield to maturity will be determined by interpolating linearly between (1) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term
closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest
to and less than such Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the
interest rate of the applicable Note.

Remaining Average
Life means, with respect to any Called Principal, the number of years obtained by dividing (i) such Called Principal into
(ii) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the principal component of each Remaining Scheduled Payment with respect
to such Called Principal by (b) the number of years, computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and
calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal and the scheduled
due date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment.

Remaining Scheduled
Payments means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, all payments of such Called Principal and interest thereon
that would be due after the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal were made prior
to its scheduled due date, provided that if such Settlement Date is not a date on which interest payments are due to be made under
the Notes, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such
Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Settlement Date pursuant to Section 8.2 or Section 12.1.

Settlement Date
means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, the date on which such Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2
or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1, as the context requires.

-26-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 8.7. Payments Due on Non-Business
Days. Anything in this Agreement or the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, (x) except as set forth in clause (y), any payment
of interest on any Note that is due on a date that is not a Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day without including
the additional days elapsed in the computation of the interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day; and (y) any payment of principal
of or Make-Whole Amount on, or the Prepayment Settlement Amount on, any Note (including principal due on the Maturity Date of such Note)
that is due on a date that is not a Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the additional days
elapsed in the computation of interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day.

Section 8.8. Change in Control.
(a) Notice of Change in Control. The Company will, within fifteen Business Days after any Responsible Officer has knowledge
of the occurrence of any Change in Control, give written notice of such Change in Control to each holder of Notes. Such notice shall contain
and constitute an offer to prepay Notes as described in subparagraph (b) of this Section 8.8 and shall be accompanied by the certificate
described in subparagraph (e) of this Section 8.8.

(b) Offer
to Prepay Notes. The offer to prepay Notes contemplated by subparagraph (a) of this Section 8.8 shall be an offer to prepay, in accordance
with and subject to this Section 8.8, all, but not less than all, the Notes held by each holder (in this case only, holder
in respect of any Note registered in the name of a nominee for a disclosed beneficial owner shall mean such beneficial owner) on a date
specified in such offer (the Section 8.8 Proposed Prepayment Date). Such date shall be not less than 30 days and
not more than 60 days after the date of such offer (if the Section 8.8 Proposed Prepayment Date shall not be specified in such offer,
the Section 8.8 Proposed Prepayment Date shall be the first Business Day after the 45th day after the date of such offer).

(c) Acceptance/Rejection.
A holder of Notes may accept the offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 8.8 by causing a notice of such acceptance to be delivered
to the Company not later than 15 Business Days after receipt by such holder of the most recent offer of prepayment. A failure by a holder
of Notes to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 8.8 shall be deemed to constitute rejection of such offer by such
holder.

(d) Prepayment.
Prepayment of the Notes to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 8.8 shall be at 100% of the principal amount of such Notes, together with
interest on such Notes accrued to, but excluding, the date of prepayment, but without Make-Whole Amount, Prepayment Settlement Amount
or other premium.

(e) Officers
Certificate. Each offer to prepay the Notes pursuant to this Section 8.8 shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior
Financial Officer of the Company and dated the date of such offer, specifying: (i) the Section 8.8 Proposed Prepayment Date; (ii) that
such offer is made pursuant to this Section 8.8; (iii) the principal amount of each Note offered to be prepaid; (iv) the interest that
would be due on each Note offered to be prepaid, accrued to, but excluding, the Section 8.8 Proposed Prepayment Date; (v) that the conditions
of this Section 8.8 have been fulfilled; and (vi) in reasonable detail, the nature and date of the Change in Control.

-27-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(f) Definitions.

Change
in Control means the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within
the meaning of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) of shares representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting
power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in the Investment Advisor or the Company.

Section 9. Affirmative
Covenants.

The Company covenants that
so long as any of the Notes are outstanding:

Section 9.1. Compliance with Laws.
Without limiting Section 10.4, the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, ordinances or
governmental rules or regulations to which each of them is subject (including ERISA, Environmental Laws, the USA PATRIOT Act and the other
laws and regulations that are referred to in Section 5.16) and will obtain and maintain in effect all licenses, certificates, permits,
franchises and other governmental authorizations necessary to the ownership of their respective properties or to the conduct of their
respective businesses, in each case to the extent necessary to ensure that non-compliance with such laws, ordinances or governmental rules
or regulations or failures to obtain or maintain in effect such licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 9.2. Insurance. The
Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain insurance with respect to their respective properties and businesses
against such casualties and contingencies, of such types, on such terms and in such amounts (including deductibles, co-insurance and self-insurance,
if adequate reserves are maintained with respect thereto) as is customary in the case of similarly situated entities engaged in the same
or a similar business.

Section 9.3. Maintenance of Properties.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and keep, or cause to be maintained and kept, their respective
properties in good repair, working order and condition (other than ordinary wear and tear), so that the business carried on in connection
therewith may be properly conducted at all times, provided that this Section 9.3 shall not prevent the Company or any subsidiary
from discontinuing the operation and the maintenance of any of its properties if such discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its
business and the Company has concluded that such discontinuance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 9.4. Payment of Taxes and Claims.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, file all federal and state income and other material tax returns required
to be filed in any jurisdiction and to pay and discharge all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and all other taxes, assessments,
governmental charges, or levies imposed on them or any of their properties, assets, income or franchises, to the extent the same have
become due and payable and before they have become delinquent and all claims for which sums have become due and payable that have or might
become a Lien on properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, provided that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary need
pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim if (i) the amount, applicability or validity thereof is contested by the Company
or such Subsidiary on a timely basis in good faith and in appropriate proceedings, and the Company or a Subsidiary has established adequate
reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP on the books of the Company or such Subsidiary or (ii) the nonpayment of all such taxes,
assessments, charges, levies and claims would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

-28-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 9.5. Corporate Existence,
Etc. Subject to Section 10.2, the Company will at all times preserve and keep its corporate existence in full force and effect.
Subject to Section 10.2, the Company will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect the corporate existence of each of its
Subsidiaries (unless merged into the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) and all rights and franchises of the Company and its Subsidiaries
unless, in the good faith judgment of the Company, the termination of or failure to preserve and keep in full force and effect such corporate
existence, right or franchise would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 9.6. Books and Records.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account in conformity with GAAP and
all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having legal or regulatory jurisdiction over the Company or such Subsidiary,
as the case may be. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep books, records and accounts which, in reasonable
detail, accurately reflect all transactions and dispositions of assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have devised a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that their respective books, records, and accounts accurately reflect
all transactions and dispositions of assets and the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, continue to maintain such
system.

Section 9.7. Subsidiary Guarantors.
(a) The Company will cause each of its subsidiaries (other than Foreign Subsidiaries) that guarantees or otherwise becomes liable at any
time, whether as a borrower or an additional or co-borrower or otherwise, for or in respect of any Indebtedness under any Material Credit
Facility for which the Company is a borrower or guarantor to concurrently therewith:

(i) enter into (A) an agreement
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders providing for the guaranty by such Subsidiary, on a joint and several
basis with all other such Subsidiaries providing a guaranty, of (x) the prompt payment in full when due of all amounts payable by the
Company pursuant to the Notes (whether for principal, interest, Prepayment Settlement Amount, Make-Whole Amount or otherwise) and this
Agreement, including all indemnities, fees and expenses payable by the Company thereunder and (y) the prompt, full and faithful performance,
observance and discharge by the Company of each and every covenant, agreement, undertaking and provision required pursuant to the Notes
or this Agreement to be performed, observed or discharged by it (a Subsidiary Guaranty) or (B) a joinder to the Subsidiary
Guaranty, which may include changes as necessary or appropriate (in the reasonable determination of counsel to the Required Holders) to
take into account local law requirements or other customary limitations regarding guarantees provided by entities formed or organized
in any applicable jurisdiction; and

-29-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(ii) deliver the following to
each holder of a Note:

(A) an executed counterpart of
such Subsidiary Guaranty or a joinder thereto;

(B) a certificate signed by an
authorized responsible officer of such Subsidiary containing representations and warranties on behalf of such Subsidiary to the same effect,
mutatis mutandis, as those contained in Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.6 and 5.7 of this Agreement (but with respect to such Subsidiary and
such Subsidiary Guaranty rather than the Company);

(C) all documents as may be reasonably
requested by the Required Holders to evidence the due organization, continuing existence and, where applicable, good standing of such
Subsidiary and the due authorization by all requisite action on the part of such Subsidiary of the execution and delivery of such Subsidiary
Guaranty and the performance by such Subsidiary of its obligations thereunder; and

(D) upon request of the Required
Holders, a customary opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders covering such matters relating to such Subsidiary
and such Subsidiary Guaranty as the Required Holders may reasonably request.

(b) At
the election of the Company and by written notice to each holder of Notes, any Subsidiary Guarantor may be discharged from all of its
obligations and liabilities under its Subsidiary Guaranty and shall be automatically released from its obligations thereunder without
the need for the execution or delivery of any other document by the holders, provided that (i) if such Subsidiary Guarantor
is a guarantor or is otherwise liable for or in respect of any Material Credit Facility, then such Subsidiary Guarantor has been released
and discharged (or will be released and discharged concurrently with the release of such Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guaranty)
under such Material Credit Facility, (ii) at the time of, and after giving effect to, such release and discharge, no Default or Event
of Default shall be existing, (iii) no amount is then due and payable under such Subsidiary Guaranty, (iv) if in connection with such
Subsidiary Guarantor being released and discharged under any Material Credit Facility (other than in connection with a sale of such Subsidiary
or its Equity Interests), any fee or other form of consideration is given to any holder of Indebtedness under such Material Credit Facility
specifically for such release, equivalent consideration (determined in the case of a fee as an equivalent proportion of outstanding commitments
or principal amount as applicable) shall be given, pro rata, to the holders of the Notes substantially concurrently therewith and (v)
each holder shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to the matters set forth in clauses (i) through (iv).

-30-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 9.8. Status of BDC and
RIC. The Company shall at all times maintain its status as a business development company under the Investment Company
Act. The Company shall at all times maintain its status as a RIC under the Code.

Section 9.9. Investment Policies.
The Company shall at all times be in compliance with its Investment Policies, except to the extent that the failure to so comply would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 9.10. Rating Confirmation.
The Company covenants and agrees that, at its sole cost and expense, it shall cause to be maintained at all times a Rating from at least
one NRSRO that indicates that it will monitor the rating on an ongoing basis. No later than March 25 of each year (beginning March 25,
2026), and promptly upon any change in the Rating, the Company further covenants and agrees it shall provide a notice to each of the holders
of the Notes sent in the manner provided in Section 18 with respect to all then current Ratings.

Section 9.11. Most Favored Lender.
(a) If a Specified Credit Facility shall include any MFL Financial Covenant or MFL Cure Right Provision and (i) such MFL Financial Covenant
is not contained in this Agreement or (ii) such MFL Financial Covenant or MFL Cure Right Provision would be more beneficial to the holders
of Notes than any analogous restriction, event of default, cure right or provision contained in this Agreement (any such restriction,
event of default, cure right or provision, an Additional Covenant), then the Company shall provide a Most Favored
Lender Notice to the holders of Notes; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the foregoing, the absence
of an MFL Cure Right Provision in a Specified Credit Facility that has financial covenants that are the same as the financial covenants
set forth in Section 10.8 (and have the same related definitions) would be more beneficial to the holders of Notes. Thereupon, unless
waived in writing by the Required Holders within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such notice by the holders of the Notes, such
Additional Covenant (including any associated cure or grace period) shall be deemed automatically incorporated by reference into this
Agreement, or in the case of the absence of an MFL Cure Right Provision in a Specified Credit Facility that has financial covenants that
are the same as the financial covenants set forth in Section 10.8 (and have the same related definitions), the Cure Right set forth in
this Agreement shall be deemed automatically removed from this Agreement, mutatis mutandis, as if set forth fully herein or so
removed, without any further action required on the part of any Person, effective as of the date when such Additional Covenant became
effective under such Specified Credit Facility. Thereafter, upon the request of any holder of a Note, the Company shall enter into
any additional agreement or amendment to this Agreement reasonably requested by such holder evidencing any of the foregoing. 

-31-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(b) Any Additional Covenant (including
any associated cure right, cure period or grace period and any associated defined term and all qualifications, limitations and exceptions
thereto) incorporated into this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.11 (herein referred to as an Incorporated Covenant)
(i) shall be deemed automatically amended herein to reflect any subsequent waivers, supplements, modifications or amendments made to such
Additional Covenant (including any associated cure right, cure period or grace period and any associated defined term and all qualifications,
limitations and exceptions thereto) under the Specified Credit Facility that contains the relevant Additional Covenant; provided
that if any Default or Event of Default then exists (including in respect of such Incorporated Covenant) and the amendment of such Additional
Covenant would result in such Additional Covenant being less restrictive on the Company, such Incorporated Covenant shall only be deemed
automatically amended at such time as no Default or Event of Default then exists and (ii) shall be deemed automatically deleted from this
Agreement at such time as such Additional Covenant is deleted or otherwise removed from the Specified Credit Facility, including if the
Specified Credit Facility is terminated or otherwise no longer in effect; provided that, if a Default or an Event of Default then
exists (including in respect of such Incorporated Covenant), such Incorporated Covenant shall only be deemed automatically deleted from
this Agreement at such time as no Default or Event of Default then exists; provided further, however, that in the case of both
clauses (i) and (ii) above, if any fee or other consideration (determined in the case of a fee as an equivalent proportion of outstanding
commitments or principal amount as applicable) shall be given to the lenders under such Specified Credit Facility for such amendment or
deletion, the equivalent of such fee or other consideration shall be given, pro rata, to the holders of the Notes. Upon the request of
the Company, the holders of Notes shall (at the Companys sole cost and expense) enter into any additional agreement or amendment
to this Agreement requested by the Company evidencing the waiver, supplement, modification or amendment or deletion of any such Incorporated
Covenant in accordance with the terms hereof.

Section 10. Negative
Covenants.

The Company covenants that
so long as any of the Notes are outstanding:

Section 10.1. Transactions with
Affiliates. The Company will not, and will not permit any other Obligor to, enter into directly or indirectly any transaction or group
of related transactions (including the purchase, lease, sale or exchange of properties of any kind or the rendering of any service) with
any Affiliate, even if otherwise permitted under this Agreement, except:

(a) transactions in the ordinary
course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company or such other Obligor, as applicable, than
could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties;

(b) transactions between or among
the Company and any other Obligors not involving any other Affiliate;

(c) transactions among
the Company and/or its subsidiaries pursuant to Section 10.2, Investments permitted by Section 10.7 and Restricted Payments
permitted by Section 10.6;

(d) the Affiliate Agreements
and the transactions provided in the Affiliate Agreements (as such agreements are amended, modified or supplemented from time to time
in a manner not materially adverse to the holders of the Notes);

(e) transactions described or
referenced on Schedule 10.1;

-32-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(f) any Investment that results
in the creation of an Affiliate;

(g) transactions with one (1)
or more Affiliates as permitted by any SEC exemptive order (as may be amended from time to time), exemptive rule or no action relief that
a majority of the independent members of the board of trustees of the Company determines is reasonable and fair to the Company and does
not involve overreaching of the Company on the part of the Affiliate;

(h) any co-investment transaction
to the extent not in violation of applicable law;

(i) the payment of compensation
and reimbursement of expenses and indemnification to officers and directors in the ordinary course of business;

(j) transactions between or among
the Obligors and any Excluded Asset (i) at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Obligors than could be obtained
at the time on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties or (ii) arising from, in connection with or related to Standard
Securitization Undertakings; or

(k) transactions approved by
a majority of the independent members of the board of trustees of the Company.

Section 10.2. Merger, Consolidation,
Fundamental Changes, Etc. The Company will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation
or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution). The Company will not, nor will it
permit any other Obligor to, acquire any business or property from, or capital stock of, or be a party to any acquisition of, any Person,
except for purchases or acquisitions of Portfolio Investments and other assets in the normal course of the day-to-day business activities
of the Company and its subsidiaries and not in violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Company will not, nor will
it permit any other Obligor to, convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one (1) transaction or a series of transactions,
any part of its assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, but excluding (w) any transaction permitted under Section 10.6,
(x) assets sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of business (including to make expenditures of cash in the normal course of
the day-to-day business activities of the Company and its subsidiaries and the use of Cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course
of business) (other than the transfer of Portfolio Investments to Excluded Assets), (y) subject to the provisions of clause (d)
below, the transfer or sale of Portfolio Investments to Excluded Assets or Immaterial Subsidiaries and (z) subject to the provisions
of clauses (c) and (e) below, any Obligors ownership interest in any Excluded Asset or any Immaterial Subsidiary.

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 10.2:

-33-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(a) any Subsidiary Guarantor
of the Company may be merged or consolidated with or into the Company or any other Subsidiary Guarantor; provided that if any such
transaction shall be between a Subsidiary Guarantor and a wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor, the wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor shall
be the continuing or surviving corporation or such other Person that is the continuing or surviving entity in such transaction becomes
a Subsidiary Guarantor and expressly assumes, in writing, all the obligations of a Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guaranty;

(b) any Obligor may sell, lease,
transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or any wholly owned
Subsidiary Guarantor of the Company;

(c) the capital stock of any
Subsidiary of any Obligor may be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (including by way of consolidation or merger) (i) to
the Company or any wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor of the Company or (ii) so long as such transaction results in an Obligor receiving
the proceeds of such disposition, to any other Person; provided that in the case of this clause (ii), if such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary
Guarantor or holds any Portfolio Investments, such sale, transfer or disposition is permitted by Section 6.03(c) or other similar provision
of the Bank Credit Agreement;

(d) the Obligors may sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Portfolio Investments to an Excluded Asset or Immaterial Subsidiary so long as immediately
after giving effect to such sale, transfer or disposition and any Concurrent Transactions, such sale, transfer or disposition is permitted
by Section 6.03(d) or other similar provision of the Bank Credit Agreement;

(e) the Obligors may sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of direct ownership interests in any Excluded Asset to any Subsidiary that is not an Obligor, if immediately after
giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition, no more than 25% of the Value of all Obligors direct ownership interests
in all Excluded Assets (calculated as of the date of the most recently delivered financial statements on or prior to the date of such
sale, transfer or other disposition) are subject to Excluded Asset Liens or have been sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to a
Subsidiary that is not an Obligor pursuant to this clause (e); provided that, notwithstanding that a transfer may violate such 25%
limitation, such transfer shall nevertheless be permitted if it is required by law, rule, regulation or interpretive position of the SEC;

(f) the Company may merge or
consolidate with, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any other Person so long as (i) the Company is the continuing
or surviving entity in such transaction and (ii) immediately after giving effect thereto and any Concurrent Transaction, no Default
or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(g) the Company or the other
Obligors may dissolve or liquidate (i) any Immaterial Subsidiary or (ii) any other Subsidiary so long as, with respect to this clause (ii),
(A) in connection with such dissolution or liquidation, any and all of the assets of such Subsidiary shall be distributed or otherwise
transferred to an Obligor (or, if such Subsidiary is an Excluded Asset, to another Excluded Asset) and (B) such dissolution or liquidation
is not materially adverse to the holders of the Notes and the Company determines in good faith that such dissolution or liquidation is
in its best interests;

-34-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(h) the Company and the other
Obligors may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of equipment or other property or assets that do not consist of Portfolio Investments
so long as the aggregate amount of all such sales, leases, transfer and dispositions does not exceed $50,000,000 in any fiscal year;

(i) the Obligors may transfer
assets that such Obligor would otherwise be permitted to own to an Excluded Asset for the sole purpose of facilitating the transfer of
assets from one (1) Excluded Asset (or a Subsidiary that was an Excluded Asset immediately prior to such disposition) to another
Excluded Asset, directly or indirectly through such Obligor (such assets, the Transferred Assets); provided
that the transfer is not prohibited under Section 6.03(i) or other similar provision of the Bank Credit Agreement; and

(j) the Company may deposit and
use cash to purchase shares of common stock of the Company in connection with a Tender Offer;

provided that in no event shall the Company
enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or effect any internal reorganization, if the surviving entity
would be organized under any jurisdiction other than a jurisdiction of the United States.

No such conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially
all of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor shall have the effect of releasing the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor,
as the case may be, or any successor corporation or limited liability company that shall theretofore have become such in the manner prescribed
in this Section 10.2, from its liability under (x) this Agreement or the Notes (in the case of the Company) or (y) the Subsidiary
Guaranty (in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor), unless, in the case of the conveyance, transfer or lease of substantially all of the
assets of a Subsidiary Guarantor, such Subsidiary Guarantor is released from its Subsidiary Guaranty in accordance with Section 9.7(b)
in connection with or immediately following such conveyance, transfer or lease.

Section 10.3. Line of Business.
The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary to engage in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business
in which the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, would then be engaged would be substantially changed from the general nature
of the business in which the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on the date of this Agreement as described in
the Companys most recent Form 10-K, other than (i) ancillary or support businesses; (ii) any business in or related to
private credit or that other business development companies enter into or are engaged in; or (iii) as is otherwise in accordance
with its Investment Policies.

Section 10.4. Economic Sanctions,
Etc. The Company will not, and will not permit any Controlled Entity to (a) become (including by virtue of being owned or controlled
by a Blocked Person or Canada Blocked Person), own or control a Blocked Person or Canada Blocked Person or (b) directly or indirectly
have any investment in or engage in any dealing or transaction (including any investment, dealing or transaction involving the proceeds
of the Notes) with any Person if such investment, dealing or transaction (i) would cause any holder or any affiliate of such holder
to be in violation of, or subject to sanctions under, any law or regulation applicable to such holder, or (ii) is prohibited by or
subject to sanctions under any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws or Canadian Economic Sanctions Laws.

-35-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 10.5. Liens. The Company
will not and will not permit any other Obligor to directly or indirectly create, incur, assume or permit to exist (upon the happening
of a contingency or otherwise) any Lien on or with respect to any property or asset (including any document or instrument in respect of
goods or accounts receivable) of the Company or any such Obligor, whether now owned or held or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits
therefrom, or assign or otherwise convey any right to receive income or profits, except:

(a) any Lien on any property
or asset of the Company or another Obligor existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 10.5, provided that (i) no
such Lien shall extend to any other property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantors (other than proceeds thereof or accessions
thereto) and (ii) any such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals
and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof, except to the extent not prohibited hereunder;

(b) Liens created pursuant to
the Security Documents;

(c) Liens on Special Equity Interests
included in the Portfolio Investments to the extent permitted under the Bank Credit Agreement;

(d) Liens securing Indebtedness
or other obligations, permitted by Section 6.02(d) or other similar provision of the Bank Credit Agreement;

(e) Liens on an Obligors
direct ownership interests in Excluded Assets (Excluded Asset Liens) but only to the extent that at the time any
such Lien is incurred, no more than 25% of the Value of all Obligors direct ownership interests in all Excluded Assets (calculated
as of the most recently delivered financial statements) have become subject to an Excluded Asset Lien or have been transferred pursuant
to Section 10.2(e);

(f) Permitted Liens;

(g) Liens on the direct ownership
interest of any Obligor in an Excluded Asset to secure obligations owed to a creditor of such Excluded Asset;

(h) Liens on assets securing
Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.01(e) and (f) or other similar provision of the Bank Credit Agreement;

(i) Liens created by posting
of cash collateral in connection with Hedging Agreements permitted under Section 10.7(c) and Credit Default Swaps and total return
swaps permitted under Section 10.7(i); and

-36-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(j) Liens existing on any property
or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or another Obligor; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation
of or in connection with such acquisition and (ii) such Lien does not apply to any other property or assets (other than proceeds thereof
or accessions thereto) of the Company or such Obligor.

Section 10.6. Restricted
Payments. The Company will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly,
any Restricted Payment, except that any Obligor may declare and pay:

(a) dividends with respect to
the capital stock of the Company to the extent payable in additional shares of the Companys common stock;

(b) dividends and distributions
in either case in cash or other property (excluding for this purpose the Companys common stock) in or with respect to any taxable
year (or any calendar year, as relevant) of the Company in amounts not to exceed 110% of the higher of (x) the net investment income of
the Company for the applicable year determined in accordance with GAAP and as specified in the annual financial statements most recently
delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(a) and (y) the amount that is estimated in good faith to allow the Company (i) to satisfy
the minimum distribution requirements imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain the Companys
eligibility to be taxed as a RIC for any such taxable year, (ii) to reduce to zero (0) for any such taxable year its liability for federal
income taxes imposed on (A) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto),
and (B) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) to avoid federal
excise taxes for such taxable year (or for the previous taxable year) imposed by Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto);

(c) any settlement in respect
of a conversion feature in any convertible security that may be issued by the Company to the extent made through the delivery of common
stock (except in the case of interest (which may be payable in cash));

(d) other Restricted Payments
so long as (i) such Restricted Payment is permitted by Section 6.05(d) or other similar provision of the Bank Credit Agreement and
(ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(e) Restricted Payments in connection
with a Tender Offer, so long as immediately after giving effect thereto and any Concurrent Transaction, no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing and the Company is in compliance on a pro forma basis with Section 10.8(b).

In calculating the amount
of Restricted Payments made by the Company during any period referred to in paragraph (b) above, any Restricted Payments made by
Designated Subsidiaries or any other Excluded Asset that is a Subsidiary during such period (other than any such Restricted Payments that
are made directly or indirectly to Obligors) shall be treated as Restricted Payments made by the Company during such period.

-37-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Nothing herein shall be deemed
to prohibit the payment of Restricted Payments by any Subsidiary Guarantor of the Company to the Company or to any other Subsidiary Guarantor.

For the avoidance of doubt,
the Company shall not declare any dividend to the extent such declaration violates the provisions of the Investment Company Act applicable
to it and the determination of the amounts referred to in paragraph (b) above shall be made separately for the taxable year and the
calendar year and the limitation on dividends or distributions imposed by such paragraphs shall apply separately to the amounts so determined

Section 10.7. Investments.
The Company will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, acquire, make or enter into, or hold, any Investments except:

(a) operating deposit accounts
and securities accounts with banks;

(b) Investments by the Company
and the Subsidiary Guarantors in the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors;

(c) Hedging Agreements entered
into in the ordinary course of any Obligors business for financial planning and not for speculative purposes;

(d) Portfolio Investments by
the Company and its Subsidiaries (including investments in Excluded Assets) to the extent such Portfolio Investments are permitted under
the Investment Company Act and the Companys Investment Policies and are not prohibited by Section 6.04(d) or other similar provision
of the Bank Credit Agreement;

(e) Investments in (or capital
contribution to) Excluded Assets to the extent permitted by Section 10.2(d) or (i);

(f) Investments described on
Schedule 10.7 hereto;

(g) Investments in Controlled
Foreign Corporations to the extent such Investments are not prohibited by Section 6.04(g) or other similar provision of the Bank Credit
Agreement;

(h) Investments in Immaterial
Subsidiaries to extent such Investments are not prohibited by Section 6.04(h) or other similar provision of the Bank Credit Agreement;

(i) Investments constituting
Credit Default Swaps and total return swaps; and

(j) additional Investments up
to but not exceeding $100,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding.

-38-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

For purposes of clause (e)
of this Section 10.7, the aggregate amount of an Investment at any time shall be deemed to be equal to (A) the aggregate amount
of cash, together with the aggregate fair market value of property, loaned, advanced, contributed, transferred or otherwise invested that
gives rise to such Investment (calculated at the time such Investment is made) minus (B) the aggregate amount of dividends,
distributions or other payments received in cash in respect of such Investment, provided that in no event shall the aggregate amount
of such Investment be deemed to be less than zero (0); the amount of an Investment shall not in any event be reduced by reason of any
write-off of such Investment nor increased by any increase in the amount of earnings retained in such Investment or as a result of any
other matter (other than any cash or assets contributed by or invested in such Investment).

Section 10.8. Certain
Financial Covenants.

(a) [reserved]

(b) Asset Coverage Ratio. The Company
will not permit the Asset Coverage Ratio as of the last Business Day of any fiscal quarter of the Company to be less than 1.50:1.00.

(c) Cure Right. If, within thirty
(30) calendar days after delivery of an officers certificate delivered pursuant to Section 7.2(a), which certificate demonstrates
(i) a Financial Covenant Default and (ii) an Asset Coverage Ratio not less than 1.35:1.00, the Company may present the Required Holders
with a reasonably feasible plan for the Company to offer or sell Equity Interests or raise Indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
(the Cure Right), the proceeds of which shall be deemed received immediately prior to such default and used immediately
prior to such default as specified in such plan to enable such Financial Covenant Default to be cured within one hundred twenty (120)
calendar days after the expiration of the 30-day period above, then, once such plan is submitted, the Company shall be deemed to have
complied with the relevant covenant under Section 10.8 that gave rise to such Financial Covenant Default as of the relevant date of determination
with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable Financial Covenant Default
that had occurred shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement; provided, that if the transaction specified in such
plan is not consummated within such 120-day period, it shall constitute an immediate Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, (i) no more than two (2) Cure Rights may be exercised during the term of this Agreement, and (ii) the Cure
Right shall not be exercised in any two (2) consecutive fiscal quarters.

The holders of the Notes agree
that from and after their receipt of notice from the Company of its intent to exercise the Cure Right in respect of any Financial Covenant
Default in accordance with this Section 10.6(c), no holder of the Notes shall accelerate its Notes, or exercise any of its rights or remedies
pursuant to Section 12 solely on the basis of the occurrence and continuance of such Financial Covenant Default during the period from
the date of delivery of such notice and until the date that is one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the end of the applicable
quarter or fiscal year to which such officers certificate relates.

-39-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 11. Events
of Default.

An Event of Default
shall exist if any of the following conditions or events shall occur and be continuing:

(a) the Company defaults in the
payment of any principal, Make-Whole Amount or Prepayment Settlement Amount, if any, on any Note when the same becomes due and payable,
whether at maturity or at a date fixed for prepayment or by declaration or otherwise; or

(b) the Company defaults in the
payment of any interest on any Note for more than five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or

(c) (i) subject to Section
10.8(c), the Company defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained in Section 10.8(b) or any Incorporated
Covenant or (ii) any covenant in a Supplement which specifically provides that it shall have the benefit of this paragraph (c);
or

(d) the Company or any Subsidiary
Guarantor defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein (other than those referred to in Sections 11(a),
(b) and (c)), in any Supplement or in any Subsidiary Guaranty and such default is not remedied within 30 days after the earlier of (i)
a Responsible Officer obtaining actual knowledge of such default and (ii) the Company has received written notice of such default from
any holder of a Note (any such written notice to be identified as a notice of default and to refer specifically to this
Section 11(d)); or

(e) (i) any representation or
warranty made in writing by or on behalf of the Company or by any officer of the Company in this Agreement or any Supplement or in any
writing furnished in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect
on the date as of which made, or (ii) any representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of any Subsidiary Guarantor or by
any officer of such Subsidiary Guarantor in any Subsidiary Guaranty or in any writing furnished in connection with such Subsidiary Guaranty
proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which made; or

(f) (i) the Company or any Subsidiary
is in default (as principal or as guarantor or other surety) in the payment of any principal of or premium or make-whole amount or interest
on any Indebtedness for borrowed money that is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at least $125,000,000 (or its equivalent
in the relevant currency of payment) beyond any period of grace provided with respect thereto, or (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary
is in default in the performance of or compliance with any term of any evidence of any Indebtedness for borrowed money (including any
indenture or mortgage) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $125,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency
of payment) or any other condition exists, and as a consequence of such default or condition such Indebtedness has become, or has been
declared, due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (iii) as a consequence
of the occurrence or continuation of any event or condition (other than the passage of time or the right of the holder of such Indebtedness
to convert such Indebtedness into equity interests), the Company or any Subsidiary has become obligated to purchase or repay Indebtedness
for borrowed money before its regular maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment in an aggregate outstanding principal
amount of at least $125,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment); provided that this clause (f) shall not
apply to (1) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such
Indebtedness, the net cash proceeds of which are used to repay such Indebtedness within thirty (30) days after such sale or transfer;
or (2) convertible debt that becomes due as a result of a conversion or redemption event, other than as a result of an event of
default (as defined in the documents governing such convertible debt); or

-40-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(g) the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary (i) is generally not paying, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, (ii) files,
or consents by answer or otherwise to the filing against it of a petition for relief or reorganization or arrangement or any other petition
in bankruptcy, for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar law of
any jurisdiction, (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) consents to the appointment of a custodian,
receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its property, (v) is
adjudicated as insolvent or to be liquidated, or (vi) takes corporate action for the purpose of any of the foregoing; or

(h) a court or other Governmental
Authority of competent jurisdiction enters an order appointing, without consent by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries,
a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its
property, or constituting an order for relief or approving a petition for relief or reorganization or any other petition in bankruptcy
or for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy or insolvency law of any jurisdiction, or ordering the dissolution, winding-up
or liquidation of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or any such petition shall be filed against the Company or any of
its Significant Subsidiaries and such petition shall not be dismissed within 60 days; or

(i) any event occurs with respect
to the Company or any Significant Subsidiary which under the laws of any jurisdiction is analogous to any of the events described in Section 11(g)
or Section 11(h), provided that the applicable grace period, if any, which shall apply shall be the one applicable to the relevant
proceeding which most closely corresponds to the proceeding described in Section 11(g) or Section 11(h); or

(j) one or more final judgments
or orders for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $125,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment) (to the
extent not covered by independent third-party insurance or by an enforceable indemnity) are rendered against one or more of the Company
and its Significant Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within 60 days after entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending
appeal, or are not discharged within 60 days after the expiration of such stay; or

(k) if (i) any Pension Plan
shall fail to satisfy the minimum funding standards of section 303 of ERISA or section 430 of the Code for any plan year or part thereof
or a waiver of such standards or extension of any amortization period is sought or granted under section 412 of the Code, (ii) a
notice of intent to terminate any Pension Plan shall have been or is reasonably expected to be filed with the PBGC or the PBGC shall
have instituted proceedings under ERISA section 4042 to terminate or appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan or the PBGC shall
have notified the Company or any ERISA Affiliate that a Pension Plan may become a subject of any such proceedings, (iii) there is
any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (within the meaning of section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA) under one or more Pension
Plans, determined in accordance with Title IV of ERISA, (iv) the aggregate present value of accrued benefit liabilities under all
funded Non-U.S. Plans exceeds the aggregate current value of the assets of such Non-U.S. Plans allocable to such liabilities, (v) the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate shall have incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any liability pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA
or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans, (vi) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate withdraws
from any Multiemployer Plan, (vii) the Company or any Subsidiary establishes or amends any employee welfare benefit plan that provides
post-employment welfare benefits in a manner that would increase the liability of the Company or any Subsidiary thereunder, (viii) the
Company or any Subsidiary fails to administer or maintain a Non-U.S. Plan in compliance with the requirements of any and all applicable
laws, statutes, rules, regulations or court orders or any Non-U.S. Plan is involuntarily terminated or wound up, or (ix) the Company or
any Subsidiary becomes subject to the imposition of a financial penalty (which for this purpose shall mean any tax, penalty or other liability,
whether by way of indemnity or otherwise) with respect to one or more Non-U.S. Plans; and any such event or events described in clauses
(i) through (ix) above, either individually or together with any other such event or events, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. As used in this Section 11(k), the terms employee benefit plan and employee welfare benefit
plan shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA; or

-41-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(l) (i) any Subsidiary Guaranty
shall cease to be in full force and effect in any material respect, (ii) any Subsidiary Guarantor or any Person acting on behalf
of any Subsidiary Guarantor shall contest in any manner the validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Subsidiary Guaranty, or
(iii) the obligations of any Subsidiary Guarantor under any Subsidiary Guaranty are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and
enforceable in accordance with the terms of such Subsidiary Guaranty, except in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii) above pursuant to a
transaction permitted hereunder; or

(m) the Company shall cease to
be managed by the Investment Advisor.

Section 12. Remedies
on Default, Etc.

Section 12.1. Acceleration.
(a) If an Event of Default with respect to the Company described in Section 11(g), (h) or (i) (other than an Event of Default described
in clause (i) of Section 11(g) or described in clause (vi) of Section 11(g) by virtue of the fact that such clause encompasses
clause (i) of Section 11(g)) has occurred, all the Notes then outstanding shall automatically become immediately due and payable.

(b) If any other Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Super-Majority Holders may at any time at their option, by notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes
then outstanding to be immediately due and payable.

(c) If any Event of Default described in
Section 11(a) or (b) has occurred and is continuing, any holder or holders of Notes at the time outstanding affected by such Event
of Default may at any time, at its or their option, by notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes held by it or them to be
immediately due and payable.

Upon any Notes becoming due
and payable under this Section 12.1, whether automatically or by declaration, such Notes will forthwith mature and the entire unpaid
principal amount of such Notes, plus (x) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including interest accrued thereon at the Default Rate)
and (y) the Make Whole Amount determined in respect of such principal amount, shall all be immediately due and payable, in each and every
case without presentment, demand, protest or further notice, all of which are hereby waived. The Company acknowledges, and the parties
hereto agree, that each holder of a Note has the right to maintain its investment in the Notes free from repayment by the Company (except
as herein specifically provided for) and that the provision for payment of a Make Whole Amount by the Company in the event that the Notes
are prepaid or are accelerated as a result of an Event of Default, is intended to provide compensation for the deprivation of such right
under such circumstances.

Section 12.2. Holder Action.
Each Purchaser and each holder of a Note agrees that it shall not take or institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise,
for any right or remedy against the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other obligor under this Agreement or any of the Notes
(including the exercise of any right of setoff, rights on account of any bankers lien or similar claim or other rights of self-help),
or institute any actions or proceedings, or otherwise commence any remedial procedures, with respect to any property of any Obligor, except
as provided in Section 12.1(c), without the prior written consent of the Super-Majority Holders. The provisions of this Section 12.2
are for the sole benefit of the holders of the Notes and shall not afford any right to, or constitute a defense available to, the Obligors.

Section 12.3. Rescission. At
any time after any Notes have been declared due and payable pursuant to Section 12.1(b) or (c), the Super-Majority Holders, by written
notice to the Company, may rescind and annul any such declaration and its consequences if (a) the Company has paid all overdue interest
on the Notes, all principal of and Make-Whole Amount, if any, on any Notes that are due and payable and are unpaid other than by reason
of such declaration, and all interest on such overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount, if any, and (to the extent permitted by applicable
law) any overdue interest in respect of the Notes, at the Default Rate, (b) neither the Company nor any other Person shall have paid
any amounts which have become due solely by reason of such declaration, (c) all Events of Default and Defaults, other than non-payment
of amounts that have become due solely by reason of such declaration, have been cured or have been waived pursuant to Section 17,
and (d) no judgment or decree has been entered for the payment of any monies due pursuant hereto or to the Notes. No rescission and
annulment under this Section 12.3 will extend to or affect any subsequent Event of Default or Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

-42-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 12.4. No Waivers or Election
of Remedies, Expenses, Etc. No course of dealing and no delay on the part of any holder of any Note in exercising any right, power
or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice such holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting the
obligations of the Company under Section 15, the Company will pay on demand such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of up to one firm of outside counsel for all of the holders of the Notes collectively
incurred in any enforcement or collection under this Section 12.

Section 13. Registration;
Exchange; Substitution of Notes.

Section 13.1. Registration of Notes.
The Company shall keep at its principal executive office a register for the registration and registration of transfers of Notes. The name
and address of each holder of one or more Notes, each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of one or more Notes
shall be registered in such register. If any holder of one or more Notes is a nominee, then (a) the name and address of the beneficial
owner of such Note or Notes shall also be registered in such register as an owner and holder thereof and (b) at any such beneficial owners
option, either such beneficial owner or its nominee may execute any amendment, waiver or consent pursuant to this Agreement. Prior to
due presentment for registration of transfer, the Person in whose name any Note shall be registered shall be deemed and treated as the
owner and holder thereof for all purposes hereof, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice or knowledge to the contrary. The
Company shall give to any holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor promptly upon request therefor, a complete and correct copy
of the names and addresses of all registered holders of Notes.

Section 13.2. Transfer
and Exchange of Notes.

(a) Subject to clause (b) below, any registered
holder of a Note or a Purchaser (an Assigning Party) may assign to one or more assignees (other than a Competitor)
(an Assignee) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under its Note and/or under this Agreement.

(b) Any such assignment or transfer shall
be subject to the following conditions: (i) the Assigning Party shall deliver to the Company a written instrument of transfer duly
executed by the Assigning Party or such Assigning Partys attorney duly authorized in writing and accompanied by the relevant name,
address and other information for notices of each transferee of such Note or part thereof; (ii) if no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, the Company has consented to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld); (iii) the
Assignee shall have made the representations set forth in Section 6 to the Company; (iv) an exemption from registration of the Notes
under the Securities Act is available; and (v) if requested by the Company, the Assigning Party shall have delivered to the Company
such legal opinions, certifications or other evidence to determine that such assignment or transfer is being made in compliance with the
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, in each case at the sole expense of the Assigning Party.

-43-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

(c) Upon satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in clause (b) above and surrender of any Note to the Company at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all
as specified in Section 18(iii)), for registration of transfer or exchange (and in the case of a surrender for registration of transfer
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed by the registered holder of such Note or such holders attorney duly
authorized in writing and accompanied by the relevant name, address and other information for notices of each transferee of such Note
or part thereof), within 10 Business Days thereafter, the Company shall execute and deliver, at the Companys expense (except as
provided below), one or more new Notes of the same Series (and of the same tranche if such Series has separate tranches) (as requested
by the holder thereof) in exchange therefor, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the surrendered
Note. Each such new Note shall be payable to such Person as such holder may request and shall be substantially in the form of Schedule 1(a)
or Schedule 1(b), as applicable, or attached to the applicable Supplement with respect to any Additional Notes. Each such new Note shall
be dated and bear interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on the surrendered Note or dated the date of the surrendered
Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon. The Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp tax or governmental
charge imposed in respect of any such transfer of Notes. Notes shall not be transferred in denominations of less than $100,000, provided
that if necessary to enable the registration of transfer by a holder of its entire holding of Notes of a tranche, one Note of such tranche
may be in a denomination of less than $100,000. Any transferee, by its acceptance of a Note registered in its name (or the name of its
nominee), shall be deemed to have made the representations set forth in Section 6.

Section 13.3. Replacement of Notes.
Upon receipt by the Company at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all as specified in Section 18(iii)) of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the ownership of and the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note (which evidence
shall be, in the case of an Institutional Investor, notice from such Institutional Investor of such ownership and such loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation in the form of a lost note affidavit), and

(a) in the case of loss, theft
or destruction, of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (provided that if the holder of such Note is, or is a nominee for, an original
Purchaser or Additional Purchaser or another holder of a Note with a minimum net worth of at least $50,000,000 or a Qualified Institutional
Buyer, such Persons own unsecured agreement of indemnity shall be deemed to be satisfactory), or

(b) in the case of mutilation,
upon surrender and cancellation thereof,

within 10 Business Days thereafter, the Company
at its own expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Note of the same Series (and of the same tranche if such Series has
separate tranches), dated and bearing interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on such lost, stolen, destroyed or
mutilated Note or dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon.

-44-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 14. Payments
on Notes.

Section 14.1. Place
of Payment. Subject to Section 14.2, payments of principal, Prepayment Settlement Amount, if any, or Make-Whole Amount, if any, and
interest becoming due and payable on the Notes shall be made in New York, New York at the principal office of the Company in
such jurisdiction. The Company (or its agent or sub-agent) may at any time, by notice to each holder of a Note, change the place of payment
of the Notes so long as such place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company, the principal office of the Companys
agent or sub-agent in such jurisdiction or the principal office of a bank or trust company in such jurisdiction.

Section 14.2. Payment by Wire Transfer.
So long as any Purchaser or Additional Purchaser or its nominee shall be the holder of any Note, and notwithstanding anything contained
in Section 14.1 or in such Note to the contrary, the Company (or its agent or sub-agent) will pay all sums becoming due on such Note
for principal, Prepayment Settlement Amount, if any, interest and all other amounts becoming due hereunder by the method and at the address
specified for such purpose below such Purchasers name in the Purchaser Schedule or, in the case of any Additional Purchaser, Schedule
A attached to any Supplement to which such Additional Purchaser is a party or by such other method or at such other address as such Purchaser
or Additional Purchaser shall have from time to time specified to the Company in writing for such purpose, without the presentation or
surrender of such Note or the making of any notation thereon, except that upon written request of the Company made concurrently with or
reasonably promptly after payment or prepayment in full of any Note, such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser shall surrender such Note
for cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such request, to the Company at its principal executive office or at the place of payment
most recently designated by the Company pursuant to Section 14.1. Prior to any sale or other disposition of any Note held by a Purchaser
or Additional Purchaser or its nominee, such Person will, at its election, either endorse thereon the amount of principal paid thereon
and the last date to which interest has been paid thereon or surrender such Note to the Company in exchange for a new Note or Notes of
the same tranche pursuant to Section 13.2. The Company will afford the benefits of this Section 14.2 to any Institutional Investor
that is the direct or indirect transferee of any Note purchased by a Purchaser or Additional Purchaser under this Agreement or any Supplement
and that has made the same agreement relating to such Note as the Purchasers have made in this Section 14.2.

Section 14.3. Tax Forms.
Any holder that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Note shall
deliver to the Company, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably
requested by the Company as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any holder, if reasonably requested by the Company, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably
requested by the Company as will enable the Company to determine whether or not such holder is subject to backup withholding or information
reporting requirements (including FATCA). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any holder that is a United States person
shall deliver to the Company on or before the date on which such holder obtains a Note (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable
request of the Company), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such holder is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding
tax. Any holder that is a not United States person shall deliver to the Company on or before the date on which such holder obtains a Note
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company), executed copies of the applicable IRS Form W-8 and
any documentation prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption (if any) from or a reduction (if any) in U.S. federal
withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company
to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. If a payment made to a holder under any Note would be subject to U.S. federal
withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such holder were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including
those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such holder shall deliver to the Company at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including
as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company as may be
necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such holder has complied with such holders
obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. For purposes of this Section 14.3,
FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

-45-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 15. Expenses,
Etc.

Section 15.1. Transaction
Expenses. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company will pay all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses (but limited, in the case of attorneys fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
attorneys fees of one special counsel (reasonably acceptable to each Purchaser or holder) for, collectively, the Purchasers (and
Additional Purchasers under any Supplement) and each other holder of a Note, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably required by the Required
Holders, one local counsel (reasonably acceptable to each Purchaser or holder) in each relevant jurisdiction) incurred by the Purchasers,
the Additional Purchasers, if any, and each other holder of a Note in connection with such transactions and in connection with any amendments,
waivers or consents under or in respect of this Agreement (including any Supplement), any Subsidiary Guaranty or the Notes (whether or
not such amendment, waiver or consent becomes effective), including: (a) the costs and expenses incurred in enforcing or defending (or
determining whether or how to enforce or defend) any rights under this Agreement, any Subsidiary Guaranty or the Notes or in responding
to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Agreement (including any Supplement),
any Subsidiary Guaranty or the Notes, or by reason of being a holder of any Note, (b) the costs and expenses, including financial advisors
fees, incurred in connection with the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or any Subsidiary or in connection with any work-out or
restructuring of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Notes and any Subsidiary Guaranty and (c) the costs and expenses incurred
in connection with the initial filing of this Agreement and all related documents and financial information with the SVO provided,
that such costs and expenses under this clause (c) shall not exceed $3,500. If required by the NAIC, the Company shall obtain and
maintain at its own cost and expense a Legal Entity Identifier (LEI).

The Company will pay, and
will save each Purchaser, Additional Purchaser and each other holder of a Note harmless from, (i) all claims in respect of any fees, costs
or expenses, if any, of brokers and finders (other than those, if any, retained by a Purchaser and an Additional Purchaser, or other holder
in connection with its purchase of the Notes), and (ii) any judgment, liability, claim, order, decree, fine, penalty, cost, fee, expense
(but limited, in the case of attorneys fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees
of one special counsel (reasonably acceptable to each Purchaser or holder) for, collectively, the Purchasers, the Additional Purchasers,
if any, and each other holder of a Note, taken as a whole) or obligation resulting from the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the use of the proceeds of the Notes by the Company, in each case, other than any such judgment, liability, claim, order,
decree, fine, penalty, cost, fee, expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) or obligation that resulted from (x)
the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement or any Note by such Purchaser, such Additional Purchaser
or such holder of a Note or (y) a claim between a Purchaser and an Additional Purchaser, or holder of a Note, on the one hand, and
any other Purchaser, Additional Purchaser or holder of a Note, on the other hand (other than claims arising out of any act or omission
by the Company and/or its Affiliates). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall not be liable to a Purchaser and an
Additional Purchaser, or holder of a Note for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual
damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under any Subsidiary Guaranty
or Note.

Section 15.2. Certain Taxes.
The Company agrees to pay all stamp, documentary or similar taxes or fees which may be payable in respect of the execution and delivery
or the enforcement of this Agreement (including any Supplement), or any Subsidiary Guaranty or the execution and delivery (but not the
transfer) or the enforcement of any of the Notes in the United States or any other jurisdiction where the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor
has assets or of any amendment of, or waiver or consent under or with respect to, this Agreement (including any Supplement), or any Subsidiary
Guaranty or of any of the Notes, and to pay any value added tax due and payable in respect of reimbursement of costs and expenses by the
Company pursuant to this Section 15, and will save each holder of a Note to the extent permitted by applicable law harmless against any
loss or liability resulting from nonpayment or delay in payment of any such tax or fee required to be paid by the Company hereunder.

Section 15.3. Survival. The
obligations of the Company under this Section 15 will survive the payment or transfer of any Note, the enforcement, amendment or waiver
of any provision of this Agreement any Supplement, any Subsidiary Guaranty or the Notes, and the termination of this Agreement.

-46-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 16. Survival
of Representations and Warranties; Entire Agreement.

All representations and warranties
contained herein or in any Supplement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, such Supplement and the Notes, the purchase
or transfer by any Purchaser or any Additional Purchaser of any Note or portion thereof or interest therein and the payment of any Note,
and may be relied upon by any subsequent holder of a Note, regardless of any investigation made at any time by or on behalf of such Purchaser
or any Additional Purchaser or any other holder of a Note. All statements contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by
or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any Supplement shall be deemed representations and warranties of the Company
under this Agreement. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement, the Notes and any Subsidiary Guaranties embody the entire agreement
and understanding between each Purchaser and Additional Purchaser and the Company and supersede all prior agreements and understandings
relating to the subject matter hereof.

Section 17. Amendment
and Waiver.

Section 17.1. Requirements.

(a) Amendments. This Agreement (including
any Supplement) and the Notes may be amended, and the observance of any term hereof or of the Notes may be waived (either retroactively
or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Holders, except that:

(1) no amendment or waiver of
any of Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 21 hereof or the corresponding provision of any Supplement, or any defined term (as it is used
in any such Section or such corresponding provision of any Supplement), will be effective as to any Purchaser or Additional Purchaser
unless consented to by such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser in writing;

(2) no amendment or waiver may,
without the written consent of each Purchaser directly and adversely affected thereby, Additional Purchaser directly and adversely affected
thereby and the holder of each Note directly and adversely affected thereby at the time outstanding, (i) subject to Section 12 relating
to acceleration or rescission, change the amount or time of any prepayment or payment of principal of, or reduce the rate or change the
time of payment or method of computation of (x) interest on the Notes or (y) the Make-Whole Amount or Prepayment Settlement Amount,
in each case, with respect to such Series of Notes; (ii) change the percentage of the principal amount of the Notes the holders of which
are required to consent to any amendment or waiver or (iii) amend any of Sections 8 (except as set forth in the second sentence of Section
8.2 (or such corresponding provision of any Supplement) and Section 11(a), 11(b), 12, 17 or 20. In addition, whenever an amendment or
waiver requires the consent of each Purchaser and holder of a Note directly affected thereby, such amendment or waiver shall,
upon consent of such Purchaser and holder of Note directly affected thereby, become effective as to such Purchaser and holder
of Note directly affected thereby whether or not it becomes effective as to any other Purchaser or holder of Note, so long
as the Required Holders consent to such amendment or waiver as provided above; and

(3) no amendment
or waiver may, without the written consent of each Affiliated Holder, affect any Affiliated Holder more adversely than any other affected
Purchasers, Additional Purchasers or other holders of each Note.

(b) Supplements. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company may enter into any Supplement providing for the issuance of one or more Series
of Additional Notes consistent with, and in compliance with, Sections 2.2 and 4.13 hereof without obtaining the consent of any holder
of any other Series of Notes.

-47-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 17.2. Solicitation of Holders
of Notes.

(a) Solicitation. The Company will
provide each Purchaser and holder of a Note with sufficient information, sufficiently far in advance of the date a decision is required,
to enable such Purchaser or such holder to make an informed and considered decision with respect to any proposed amendment, waiver or
consent in respect of any of the provisions hereof, any Supplement or of the Notes or any Subsidiary Guaranty. The Company will deliver
executed or true and correct copies of each amendment, waiver or consent effected pursuant to this Section 17 or any Subsidiary Guaranty
to each Purchaser and holder of a Note promptly following the date on which it is executed and delivered by, or receives the consent or
approval of, the requisite Purchasers or holders of Notes.

(b) Payment. The Company will not
directly or indirectly pay or cause to be paid any remuneration, whether by way of supplemental or additional interest, fee or otherwise,
or grant any security or provide other credit support, to any Purchaser or holder of a Note as consideration for or as an inducement to
the entering into by such Purchaser or holder of any waiver or amendment of any of the terms and provisions hereof, any Supplement or
of any Subsidiary Guaranty or any Note unless such remuneration is concurrently paid, or security is concurrently granted or other credit
support concurrently provided, on the same terms, ratably to each Purchaser or holder of a Note even if such Purchaser or holder did not
consent to such waiver or amendment.

(c) Consent in Contemplation of Transfer.
Any consent given pursuant to this Section 17 or any Subsidiary Guaranty by a holder of a Note that has transferred or has agreed
to transfer its Note to (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary or any other Affiliate or (iii) any other Person in connection with, or in
anticipation of, such other Person acquiring, making a tender offer for or merging with the Company and/or any of its Affiliates, in each
case in connection with such consent, shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such holder, and any amendments effected
or waivers granted or to be effected or granted that would not have been or would not be so effected or granted but for such consent (and
the consents of all other holders of Notes that were acquired under the same or similar conditions) shall be void and of no force or effect
except solely as to such holder.

Section 17.3. Binding Effect, Etc.
Any amendment or waiver consented to as provided in this Section 17 or any Subsidiary Guaranty applies equally to all Purchasers or holders
of Notes and is binding upon them and upon each future Purchaser or holder of any Note and upon the Company without regard to whether
such Note has been marked to indicate such amendment or waiver. No such amendment or waiver will extend to or affect any obligation, covenant,
agreement, Default or Event of Default not expressly amended or waived or impair any right consequent thereon. No course of dealing between
the Company and any Purchaser or any holder of a Note and no delay in exercising any rights hereunder or under any Note or Subsidiary
Guaranty shall operate as a waiver of any rights of any Purchaser or any holder of such Note.

-48-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 17.4 . Notes Held by Company,
Etc. Solely for the purpose of determining whether the holders of all or the requisite percentage of the aggregate principal
amount of Notes then outstanding approved or consented to any amendment, waiver or consent to be given under this Agreement, any Subsidiary
Guaranty or the Notes, or have directed the taking of any action provided herein or in any Subsidiary Guaranty or the Notes to be taken
upon the direction of the holders of all or a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, Notes
directly or indirectly owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed not to be outstanding except with relation to any
amendment, waiver or consent pursuant to Section 17.1(a)(1), (2) or (3).

Section 18. Notices.

Except to the extent otherwise
provided in Section 7.4, all notices and communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and sent (a) by telecopy to any Person
who has provided its telecopy number in its notice instructions, if the sender on the same day sends a confirming copy of such notice
by an internationally recognized overnight delivery service or express or priority mail with on-line tracking service available (charges
prepaid), (b) by registered or certified mail with return receipt requested (postage prepaid), (c) by an internationally recognized overnight
delivery service with on-line tracking service available (charges prepaid) or (d) by e-mail, provided, that, in the case of this
clause (d), upon written request of any holder to receive paper copies of such notices or communications, the Company will promptly deliver
such paper copies to such holder. Any such notice must be sent:

(i) if to any Purchaser or its
nominee, to such Purchaser or nominee at the address specified for such communications in the Purchaser Schedule, or at such other address
as such Purchaser or nominee shall have specified to the Company in writing,

(ii) if to any other holder of
any Note, to such holder at such address as such other holder shall have specified to the Company in writing,

(iii) if to the Company, to the
Company c/o Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP, 345 Park Ave., New York, NY 10154,
Attention of Carlos De Mello and Victoria Chant (E-mail: [l]; [l];
[l]; and [l]) (Telephone No. [l]),
or at such other address as the Company shall have specified to the holder of each Note in writing, in each case, with a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to: Dechert LLP, 1095 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036, Attn: Jay Alicandri, Fax: (212)
698-3599, Email: jay.alicandri@dechert.com, or

(iv) if to an Additional Purchaser
or such Additional Purchasers nominee, to such Additional Purchaser or such Additional Purchasers nominee at the address
specified for such communications in Schedule A to any Supplement, or at such other address as such Additional Purchaser or such
Additional Purchasers nominee shall have specified to the Company in writing.

-49-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Notices under this Section 18 will be deemed given
only when actually received. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any notice to be given by the Company (other than
an officers certificate) may be delivered by an agent or sub-agent of the Company.

Section 19. Reproduction
of Documents.

This Agreement and all documents
relating thereto, including (a) consents, waivers and modifications that may hereafter be executed, (b) documents received by any Purchaser
or Additional Purchaser at the Closing (except the Notes themselves), and (c) financial statements, certificates and other information
previously or hereafter furnished to any Purchaser or Additional Purchaser, may be reproduced by such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser
by any photographic, photostatic, electronic, digital, or other similar process and such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser may destroy
any original document so reproduced. The Company agrees and stipulates that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such reproduction
shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in
existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser in the regular course of business) and
any enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction of such reproduction shall likewise be admissible in evidence. This Section 19 shall
not prohibit the Company or any other holder of Notes from contesting any such reproduction to the same extent that it could contest the
original, or from introducing evidence to demonstrate the inaccuracy of any such reproduction.

Section 20. Confidential
Information.

For the purposes of this Section
20, Confidential Information means information delivered to any Purchaser or Additional Purchaser by or on behalf
of the Company or any subsidiary in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement or any Supplement
that is proprietary in nature and that was clearly marked or labeled or otherwise adequately identified when received by such Purchaser
or Additional Purchaser as being confidential information of the Company or such subsidiary, provided that such term does not include
information that (a) was publicly known or otherwise known to such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser prior to the time of such disclosure,
(b) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser or any Person acting on such
Purchasers or Additional Purchasers behalf, (c) otherwise becomes known to such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser other
than through disclosure by the Company or any subsidiary or (d) constitutes financial statements delivered to such Purchaser or Additional
Purchaser under Section 7.1 that are otherwise publicly available. Each Purchaser or Additional Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality
of such Confidential Information in accordance with procedures adopted by such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser in good faith to protect
confidential information of third parties delivered to such Purchaser and Additional Purchaser, provided that such Purchaser or
Additional Purchaser may deliver or disclose Confidential Information to (i) its affiliates (who are not Competitors) and its and
their respective directors, managers, officers, employees (legal and contractual), agents, attorneys, trustees and partners (collectively,
Related Persons) (to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to the administration of the investment represented
by its Notes) and such disclosure is made on a confidential basis, (ii) its auditors, financial advisors, investment advisors and other
professional advisors and in the case of any Purchaser or holder that is a Related Fund, to its investors and partners who are Institutional
Investors and their Related Persons, in each case under this clause (ii) who agree to hold confidential the Confidential Information substantially
in accordance with this Section 20, (iii) any other holder of any Note, (iv) any Institutional Investor to which it sells or offers to
sell such Note or any part thereof or any participation therein (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential
Information to be bound by this Section 20), (v) any Person from which it offers to purchase any Security of the Company (if such Person
has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by this Section 20), (vi) any federal or state
regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser, (vii) the NAIC or the SVO or, in each case, any
similar organization, or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about such Purchasers or Additional
Purchasers investment portfolio, or (viii) any other Person to which such delivery or disclosure may be necessary or appropriate
(w) to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser, (x) in response
to any subpoena or other legal process, (y) in connection with any litigation to which such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser is
a party or (z) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the extent such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser may reasonably
determine such delivery and disclosure to be necessary in the enforcement or for the protection of the rights and remedies under such
Purchasers or Additional Purchasers Notes, this Agreement or any Subsidiary Guaranty. Each holder of a Note, by its acceptance
of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to be entitled to the benefits of this Section 20 as though it were a party
to this Agreement. On reasonable request by the Company in connection with the delivery to any holder of a Note of information required
to be delivered to such holder under this Agreement or requested by such holder (other than a holder that is a party to this Agreement
or its nominee), such holder will enter into an agreement with the Company embodying this Section 20.

-50-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

In the event that as a condition
to receiving access to information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by or
otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, any Purchaser or Additional Purchaser or holder of a Note is required to agree to a confidentiality
undertaking (whether through Intralinks, another secure website, a secure virtual workspace or otherwise) which is different from this
Section 20, this Section 20 shall not be amended thereby and, as between such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser or such holder and the
Company, this Section 20 shall supersede any such other confidentiality undertaking.

Section 21. Substitution
of Purchaser.

Prior to the purchase of Notes
at any Closing, each Purchaser or Additional Purchaser shall have the right to substitute any one of its Affiliates or another Purchaser
or Additional Purchaser or any one of such other Purchasers or Additional Purchasers Affiliates (a Substitute
Purchaser) as the purchaser of the Notes that it has agreed to purchase at such Closing, by written notice to the Company,
which notice shall be signed by both such Purchaser or Additional Purchaser and such Substitute Purchaser, shall contain such Substitute
Purchasers agreement to be bound by this Agreement and shall contain a confirmation by such Substitute Purchaser of the accuracy
with respect to it of the representations set forth in Section 6. Upon receipt of such notice, any reference to such Purchaser in this
Agreement (other than in this Section 21) or any Additional Purchaser in any Supplement, shall be deemed to refer to such Substitute Purchaser
in lieu of such original Purchaser or Additional Purchaser, as the case may be. In the event that such Substitute Purchaser is so substituted
as a Purchaser hereunder or any Additional Purchaser in any Supplement and such Substitute Purchaser thereafter transfers to such original
Purchaser or Additional Purchaser all of the Notes then held by such Substitute Purchaser, upon receipt by the Company of notice of such
transfer, any reference to such Substitute Purchaser as a Purchaser in this Agreement (other than in this Section 21),
shall no longer be deemed to refer to such Substitute Purchaser, but shall refer to such original Purchaser or Additional Purchaser, as
the case may be, and such original Purchaser or Additional Purchaser shall again have all the rights of an original holder of the Notes
under this Agreement.

Section 22. Miscellaneous.

Section 22.1. Successors
and Assigns. All covenants and other agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto bind
and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns (including any subsequent holder of a Note) permitted hereby, whether
so expressed or not, except that, subject to Section 10.2, the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations
hereunder or under the Notes without the prior written consent of each holder. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall
be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby) any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section 22.2. Accounting Terms.
(a) All accounting terms used herein which are not expressly defined in this Agreement have the meanings respectively given to them in
accordance with GAAP. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, (i) all computations made pursuant to this Agreement shall
be made in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) all financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of determining
compliance with this Agreement (including Section 9, Section 10 and the definition of Indebtedness), any election by the
Company to measure any financial liability using fair value (as permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codification Topic No. 825-10-25 Fair Value Option, International Accounting Standard 39 Financial Instruments:
Recognition and Measurement or any similar accounting standard) shall be disregarded and such determination shall be made as if such
election had not been made.

(b) If the Company notifies the holders
that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date
in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Required Holders request an amendment to any provision
hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof,
then the Company and the holders agree to enter into negotiations in good faith in order to amend such provisions of this Agreement so
as to equitably reflect such change to comply with GAAP with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Companys financial
condition shall be the same after such change to comply with GAAP as if such change had not been made; provided, however, until
such amendments to equitably reflect such changes are effective and agreed to by the Company and the Required Holders (or until such notice
shall have been withdrawn), the Companys compliance with such financial covenants shall be determined on the basis of GAAP as in
effect and applied immediately before such change in GAAP becomes effective.

-51-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 22.3. Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall (to the full extent permitted by law) not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction.

Section 22.4. Construction, Etc.
Each covenant contained herein shall be construed (absent express provision to the contrary) as being independent of each other covenant
contained herein, so that compliance with any one covenant shall not (absent such an express contrary provision) be deemed to excuse compliance
with any other covenant. Where any provision herein refers to action to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from
taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such Person.

Defined terms herein shall
apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning
and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein)
and, for purposes of the Notes, shall also include any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13, (b) subject
to Section 22.1, any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the
words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer
to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Sections and Schedules
shall be construed to refer to Sections of, and Schedules to, this Agreement, and (e) any reference to any law or regulation herein
shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Section 22.5. Counterparts; Electronic
Contracting. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but
together signed by all, of the parties hereto. The parties agree to electronic contracting and signatures with respect to this Agreement. 
Delivery of an electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement or any Supplement by facsimile, email or other electronic
transmission shall be fully binding on the parties to the same extent as the delivery of the signed originals and shall be admissible
into evidence for all purposes. The words execution, execute, signed, signature,
and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic
signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Company, or the
keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law,
including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

-52-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

Section 22.6. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the
State of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a
jurisdiction other than such State.

Section 22.7. Jurisdiction
and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) The Company and each Purchaser irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, over any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company
and each Purchaser and Additional Purchaser irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise,
any claim that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding
brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

(b) The Company and each Purchaser and
Additional Purchaser agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any suit, action or proceeding
of the nature referred to in Section 22.7(a) brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon it subject to rights of appeal,
as the case may be, and may be enforced in the courts of the United States of America or the State of New York (or any other courts
to the jurisdiction of which it or any of its assets is or may be subject) by a suit upon such judgment.

(c) The Company and each Purchaser and
Additional Purchaser consents to process being served by or on behalf of any holder of Notes in any suit, action or proceeding of the
nature referred to in Section 22.7(a) by mailing a copy thereof by registered, certified, priority or express mail (or any substantially
similar form of mail), postage prepaid, return receipt or delivery confirmation requested or on-line tracking service available, to it
at its address specified in Section 18 or at such other address of which such holder shall then have been notified pursuant to said
Section. The Company and each Purchaser and Additional Purchaser agrees that such service upon receipt (i) shall be deemed in every
respect effective service of process upon it in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal service upon and personal delivery to it. Notices hereunder shall be conclusively
presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished or made available by the United States Postal Service or any reputable
commercial delivery service, or including by on-line tracking service service.

(d) Nothing in this Section 22.7 shall
affect the right of any holder of a Note to serve process in any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that the holders of any of
the Notes may have to bring proceedings against the Company in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce in any lawful
manner a judgment obtained in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction.

(e) The
parties hereto hereby waive trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Agreement, the Notes or any other document
executed in connection herewith or therewith.

* * * * *

-53-

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

If you are in agreement with
the foregoing, please sign the form of agreement on a counterpart of this Agreement and return it to the Company, whereupon this Agreement
shall become a binding agreement between you and the Company.

Very truly yours,

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

By /s/ Oran Ebel

Oran Ebel

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

[Signature
Page]

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

This Agreement is hereby accepted and agreed to
as of the date hereof.

Athene Annuity and Life Company

By: Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP,

its investment adviser

By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P.,

its sub adviser

By: Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC,

its General Partner

By /s/ William Kuesel

Name: William Kuesel

Title: Vice President

Athene Annuity Re Ltd.

By: Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP,

its investment adviser

By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P.,

its sub adviser

By: Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC,

its General Partner

By /s/ William Kuesel

Name: William Kuesel

Title: Vice President

Royal Neighbors of America

By: Apollo RN Credit Management, LLC,

its investment adviser

By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P.,

its sole member

By: Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC,

its General Partner

By /s/ William Kuesel

Name: William Kuesel

Title: Vice President

[Signature
Page]

Blackstone Private Credit Fund Note Purchase Agreement

FWD Life Insurance Public Company Ltd

By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P.,

a Delaware limited partnership (the Manager)

By: Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC,

its general partner

By /s/ William Kuesel

Name: William Kuesel

Title: Vice President

FWD Life Insurance Company (Macau) Limited

By: Apollo Management Asia Pacific Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, its HK Manager

By /s/ Ian Bell

Name: Ian Bell

Title: Authorised Signatory

[Signature
Page]

Defined Terms

As used herein, the following
terms have the respective meanings set forth below or set forth in the Section hereof following such term:

Additional Covenant
is defined in Section 9.11.

Additional Note
Closing is defined in Section 3.

Additional Notes
is defined in Section 2.2.

Additional Purchasers
means purchasers of Additional Notes.

Adjusted Interest
Rate is defined in Section 1.2(c).

Affiliate
means, at any time, and with respect to any Person, any other Person that at such time directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person. Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any
reference to an Affiliate is a reference to an Affiliate of the Company. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
the term Affiliate shall not include any Person that constitutes a Portfolio Investment held by any Obligor or any of its
or their subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business.

Affiliate Agreements
means the (i) Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2025, by and between the Company and
the Investment Advisor, (ii) Administration Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investment
Advisor, (iii) Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2025, by and among the Company, the Investment Advisor and
Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, (iv) Intermediary Manager Agreement, dated October 5, 2020, by and between the Company and Blackstone
Securities Partners L.P., and (v) Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, dated October 5, 2020, by and between the Company
and GSO Asset Management LLC.

Affiliated Holder
is defined in the definition of Required Holders.

Agreement
means this Master Note Purchase Agreement, including all Supplements, Schedules and Exhibits attached to this Agreement (including
all Schedules and Exhibits attached to any Supplement), as each may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means any law or regulation in a U.S. or any non-U.S. jurisdiction regarding bribery or any other corrupt activity, including
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010.

Anti-Money Laundering
Laws means any law or regulation in a U.S. or any non-U.S. jurisdiction regarding money laundering, drug trafficking, terrorist-related
activities or other money laundering predicate crimes, including the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (otherwise
known as the Bank Secrecy Act) and the USA PATRIOT Act.

Schedule A

(to Note Purchase Agreement)

Asset Coverage Ratio
means the ratio, determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of (a) the value of total assets
of the Company and its subsidiaries, less all liabilities and indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries not represented by Senior
Securities, to (b) the aggregate amount of Senior Securities representing indebtedness (including the Notes) in each case, of the Company
and its subsidiaries (all as determined pursuant to the Investment Company Act in effect on the Effective Date and any orders, declarations,
opinions, relief or letters issued by the SEC or any other government or regulatory authority). The calculation of the Asset Coverage
Ratio shall be made in accordance with any exemptive order issued by the SEC under Section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act relating
to the exclusion of any Indebtedness of any SBIC Subsidiary from the definition of Senior Securities only so long as (a) such order is
in effect, and (b) no obligations have become due and owing pursuant to the terms of any Permitted SBIC Guarantee to which the Company
or any other Obligor is a party. The outstanding utilized notional amount of any total return swap and the notional amount of any Credit
Default Swap where an Obligor is a protection seller, in each case less the value of the margin posted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
thereunder at such time shall be treated as a Senior Security of the Company for the purposes of calculating the Asset Coverage Ratio
with respect to the Company.

Bank Credit Agreement
means that certain Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2022, by and among the Company, as the borrower,
and certain banks and other financial intuitions party thereto from time to time as lenders and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent,
as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 and Extension Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2023, by that certain Amendment No. 2, dated as
of June 12, 2024 and by that certain Amendment No. 3, dated as of August 6, 2024, and as the same may be amended, restated, amended and
restated, supplemented, refinanced, substituted or otherwise modified from time to time.

Below Investment
Grade Event is defined in Section 1.2(d).

Blocked Person
means (a) a Person whose name appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by OFAC, (b) a Person,
entity, organization, country or regime that is blocked or a target of comprehensive sanctions that have been imposed under U.S. Economic
Sanctions Laws or (c) a Person that is an agent, department or instrumentality of, or is otherwise beneficially owned by, controlled by
or acting on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any Person, entity, organization, country or regime described in clause (a) or (b).

Borrowing Base
is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Borrowing Base Certificate
is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Business Day
means (a) for the purposes of Section 8.6 only, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York
City are required or authorized to be closed, and (b) for the purposes of any other provision of this Agreement, any day other than a
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are required or authorized to be closed.

A-2

Canada Blocked Person
means (i) a terrorist group as defined for the purposes of Part II.1 of the Criminal Code (Canada), as amended or (ii) a
Person identified in or pursuant to (w) Part II.1 of the Criminal Code (Canada), as amended or (x) the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering)
and Terrorist Financing Act, as amended or (y) the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Sergei Magnitsky Law), as amended
or (z) regulations or orders promulgated pursuant to the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), as amended, the United Nations Act
(Canada), as amended, or the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), as amended, in any case pursuant to this clause
(ii) as a Person in respect of whose property or benefit a holder of Notes would be prohibited from entering into or facilitating a related
financial transaction.

Canadian Economic
Sanctions Laws means those laws, including enabling legislation, orders-in-council or other regulations administered and enforced
by Canada or a political subdivision of Canada pursuant to which economic sanctions have been imposed on any Person, entity, organization,
country or regime, including Part II.1 of the Criminal Code (Canada), as amended, the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), as amended,
the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act, as amended, the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials
Act (Sergei Magnitsky Law), as amended, the United Nations Act (Canada), as amended, the Export and Import Permits Act (Canada), as amended,
and the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), as amended, and including all regulations promulgated under any of
the foregoing, or any other similar sanctions program or action.

Capital Lease Obligations
of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the
right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as
capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof
determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any change in GAAP after December 15, 2018
that would require an operating lease to be treated similar to a capital lease shall not be given effect hereunder.

Cash means
any immediately available funds in Dollars or in any currency other than Dollars which is a freely convertible currency.

Cash Equivalents
means investments (other than Cash) that are one (1) or more of the following obligations:

(a) U.S. Government Securities,
in each case maturing within one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(b) investments in commercial
paper or other short-term corporate obligations maturing within two hundred seventy (270) days from the date of acquisition thereof and
having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys;

A-3

(c) investments in certificates
of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of acquisition thereof
(i) issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial
bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or under the laws of the jurisdiction or any constituent
jurisdiction thereof of any Agreed Foreign Currency (as defined in the Bank Credit Agreement) and (ii) having, at such date of acquisition,
a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys;

(d) fully collateralized repurchase
agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days from the date of acquisition thereof for U.S. Government Securities and entered
into with (i) a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) of this definition or (ii) an Approved
Dealer (as defined in the Bank Credit Agreement) having (or being a member of a consolidated group having) at such date of acquisition,
a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys;

(e) a Reinvestment Agreement
(as defined in the Bank Credit Agreement);

(f) money market funds that have,
at all times, credit ratings of Aaa and MR1+ by Moodys and AAAm or AAAM-G
by S&P, respectively; and

(g) any of the following offered
by the Custodian (as defined in the Bank Credit Agreement) (or other entity acting in a similar capacity with respect to the Company)
(I) money market deposit accounts, (II) eurodollar time deposits, (III) commercial eurodollar sweep services or (IV) open
commercial paper services, in each case having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least
P-1 from Moodys and maturing not later than two hundred seventy (270) days from the date of acquisition thereof,

provided, that (i) in no event shall
Cash Equivalents include any obligation that provides for the payment of interest alone (for example, interest-only securities or IOs);
(ii) if any of Moodys or S&P changes its rating system, then any ratings included in this definition shall be deemed to
be an equivalent rating in a successor rating category of Moodys or S&P, as the case may be; (iii) Cash Equivalents (other
than U.S. Government Securities, certificates of deposit or repurchase agreements) shall not include any such investment representing
more than 10% of total assets of the Obligors in any single issuer; and (iv) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation
that is not denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency.

CDO Securities
means debt securities, equity securities or composite or combination securities (i.e. securities consisting of a combination of debt and
equity securities that are issued in effect as a unit), including synthetic securities that provide synthetic credit exposure to debt
securities, equity securities or composite or combination securities, that entitle the holders thereof to receive payments that (i) depend
on the cash flow from a portfolio consisting primarily of ownership interests in debt securities, corporate loans or asset-backed securities
or (ii) are subject to losses owing to credit events (howsoever defined) under credit derivative transactions with respect to debt
securities, corporate loans or asset-backed securities.

A-4

Closing
means the Series 2025A Closing and each closing under a Supplement.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time.

Company
is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Competitor
means (a) any entity that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act;
(b) any Person who is not an Affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and who engages, as its primary business, in (i) the
same or similar business as a material business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) the business of providing or buying
loans in the middle market and such Person is not a bank or an insurance company; or (c) any Affiliate of any of the foregoing entities
described in clauses (a) or (b) (other than an Affiliate that (i) has not elected to be regulated as a business development company
under the Investment Company Act, (ii) does not engage, as its primary business, in the business of providing loans in the middle
market, (iii) has established procedures which will prevent confidential information supplied to such Affiliate from being transmitted
or otherwise made available to such affiliated entities described in clauses (a) or (b), and (iv) is managed by Persons other than Persons
who manage such affiliated entities described in clauses (a) or (b)); provided that:

(i) the provision of investment
advisory services by a Person to a Plan which is owned or controlled by a Person which would otherwise be a Competitor shall not in any
event cause the Person providing such services to be deemed to be a Competitor, provided that such Person providing such services
has established and maintains procedures which will prevent Confidential Information supplied to such Person from being transmitted or
otherwise made available to such Plan;

(ii) in no event shall an Institutional
Investor be deemed a Competitor if such Institutional Investor is a pension plan sponsored by a Person which would otherwise be a Competitor
but which is a regular investor in privately placed Securities and such pension plan has established and maintains procedures which will
prevent Confidential Information supplied to such pension plan by the Company from being transmitted or otherwise made available to such
plan sponsor; and

(iii) in any event that any Private
Placement Agent that would otherwise be deemed to be a Competitor pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this definition, such Private
Placement Agent shall not be deemed to be a Competitor if such Private Placement Agent holds the Notes only in connection with its role
as an intermediary in the prompt and expeditious sale in accordance with customary financial market conditions of the Note or Notes owned
by one Institutional Investor who is not a Competitor to another purchasing Institutional Investor who is not a Competitor and such Private
Placement Agent has established procedures which will prevent confidential information supplied to either the selling or buying Institutional
Investor by the Company from being transmitted or otherwise made available to such Private Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates in
any capacity other than as the agent and intermediary in connection with such sale of any such Note or Notes.

A-5

Concurrent Transactions
means, with respect to any proposed action or transaction hereunder, (a) any acquisition or sale of Portfolio Investments or other
property or assets, (b) any payment of outstanding loans, cash collateralization of letters of credit as contemplated by Section 2.04(l)
or other similar provision of the Bank Credit Agreement, or payment of other Indebtedness, (c) any return of capital or other distribution
or receipt of cash from any Investment, (d) any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, and (e) any pro
forma adjustments related to any of the actions or transactions described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), in each case,
that occurs substantially simultaneously with such proposed action or transaction.

Confidential Information
is defined in Section 20.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms Controlled and Controlling
shall have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Controlled Entity
means (a) any of the Subsidiaries of the Company and any of their or the Companys respective Controlled Affiliates and (b) if the
Company has a parent company, such parent company and its Controlled Affiliates.

Controlled Foreign
Corporation means any Subsidiary which is (i) a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957
of the Code), (ii) a subsidiary substantially all the assets of which consist of debt or equity in Subsidiaries described in clause (i)
of this definition, or (iii) an entity treated as disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes that owns more than 65% of the
voting stock of a Subsidiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition.

Covered Debt Amount
is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Credit Default Swap
means any credit default swap entered into as a means to (i) invest in bonds, notes, loans, debentures or securities on a leveraged
basis or (ii) hedge the default risk of bonds, notes, loans, debentures or securities.

Cure Right
is defined in Section 10.8(c).

Default
means an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become
an Event of Default.

A-6

Default Rate
means that rate of interest per annum that is 2.00% above the rate of interest then in effect on the applicable Notes.

Designated Subsidiary
means:

(1) an SBIC Subsidiary; and

(2) (a)(x) BCRED Bard Peak
Funding LLC, BCRED Bison Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Blanca Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Borah Peak Funding LLC, BCRED BSL WH 2022-1 Funding LLC,
BCRED Bushnell Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Castle Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Denali Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Gannett Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Granite
Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Haydon Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Jacque Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Maroon Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Meridian Peak Funding
LLC, BCRED Middle Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Monarch Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Naomi Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Summit Peak Funding LLC, BCRED
Twin Peaks LLC, BCRED Bear Peak Funding LLC, BCRED BSL CLO 2021-1, Ltd., BCRED BSL CLO 2021-2, Ltd., BCRED BSL CLO 2022-1, Ltd., BCRED
BSL CLO 2021-1, LLC, BCRED BSL CLO 2021-2, LLC, BCRED BSL CLO 2022-1, LLC, BCRED MML CLO 2021-1, LLC, BCRED MML CLO 2022-1, LLC, BCRED
MML CLO 2022-2, LLC, BCRED Windom Peak Funding LLC, BCRED Investments LLC, BCRED X Holdings LLC, BCRED CLO 2023-1 Depositor LLC, BCRED
CLO 2023-1 LLC, BCRED CLO 2024-1 Depositor LLC, BCRED CLO 2024-1 LLC, BCRED Associates GP (Lux) S. r.l, BCRED Direct Lending I
(Lux) SCSp, BCRED C-1 LLC, BCRED C-2 Funding LLC, BCRED C-3 Funding LLC, BCRED CLO 2024-2 LLC, BCRED CLO 2024-2 Depositor LLC, BCRED Lender
Finance 2025-1 LLC, BCRED Lender Finance 2025-1 Depositor LLC, BCRED CLO 2025-1 LLC, BCRED CLO 2025-1 Depositor LLC and BCRED Phoenix
Peak Funding LLC, and (y) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company or any other Obligor designated by the Company as a Designated
Subsidiary which, in the case of any entity in clause (x) or (y), meets the following criteria:

(i) to which any Obligor sells,
conveys or otherwise transfers (whether directly or indirectly) Cash, Cash Equivalents or one (1) or more Portfolio Investments,
which engages in no material activities other than in connection with the holding, purchasing and financing of one (1) or more assets;

(ii) no portion of the Indebtedness
or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Subsidiary (A) is Guaranteed by any Obligor (other than Guarantees in
respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings), (B) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way other than pursuant to Standard
Securitization Undertakings or (C) subjects any property of any Obligor (other than property that has been contributed or sold, purported
to be sold or otherwise transferred to such Subsidiary or any equity of such Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise,
to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or any Guarantee thereof,

A-7

(iii) with which no Obligor has
any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms no less favorable to such Obligor than those that might
be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of any Obligor, other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business
in connection with servicing receivables or financial assets and pursuant to any Standard Securitization Undertakings, and

(iv) to which no Obligor has any
obligation to maintain or preserve such entitys financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating
results, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings; or

(3) a direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Company designated by the Company as a Designated Subsidiary and which satisfies each of the foregoing criteria set
forth in clauses (2)(a)(ii), (iii) and (iv).

Any such designation under clauses (2)(a)(y)
and (2)(b) by the Company shall be effected pursuant to a certificate of a Financial Officer delivered to the holders of the Notes, which
certificate shall include a statement to the effect that, to the best of such officers knowledge, such designation complied with
the foregoing conditions set forth in clauses (2)(a)(y) or (2)(b). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of clause (2)(a)(y),
no Subsidiary Guarantor shall be designated as a Designated Subsidiary unless the Company shall be in compliance with Section 10.2(d)
immediately after giving effect to any such designation. Each subsidiary of a Designated Subsidiary shall be deemed to be a Designated
Subsidiary and shall comply with the foregoing requirements of this definition. The parties hereby agree that the subsidiaries identified
as Designated Subsidiaries on Schedule 5.4 hereto, shall each constitute a Designated Subsidiary so long as they comply with the foregoing
requirements of this definition.

Disclosure Documents
is defined in Section 5.3.

Dollars
or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of America.

Domestic Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person other than a Controlled Foreign Corporation.

EDGAR
means the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System or any successor SEC electronic filing system for such
purposes.

Effective Date
means the date of this Agreement.

Environmental Laws
means any applicable federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits,
concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, or settlement or consent agreements relating to pollution and the protection of the environment
or the release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment.

Equity Interests
means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust
or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or
acquire any such Equity Interest. As used in this Agreement, Equity Interests shall not include convertible debt unless
and until such debt has been converted to capital stock or other Equity Interests.

A-8

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is treated as a single employer together with the Company under section 414(b),
(c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

Event of Default
is defined in Section 11.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect

Excluded Asset Lien
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.5(e).

Excluded Assets
means the entities identified as Excluded Assets in Schedule 10.8 hereto, any CDO Securities and finance lease obligations, and each
Designated Subsidiary, and any similar assets or entities in which any Obligor holds an interest on or after the Effective Date, and,
in each case, their respective subsidiaries, unless, in the case of any such asset or entity, the Company designates in writing to the
holders of the Notes that such asset or entity is not to be an Excluded Asset.

Existing Note Purchase
Agreements means (a) that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated June 21, 2021 among the Company and the purchasers named in
the Purchaser Schedule thereto, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented from time to time, (b) that certain Note Purchase Agreement
dated May 3, 2022, among the Company and the purchasers named in the Purchaser Schedule thereto, as the same may be amended, restated,
supplemented from time to time, and (c) that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated October 11, 2022, among the Company and the purchasers
named in the Purchaser Schedule thereto, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented from time to time.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any
agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the
Code.

Financial Covenant
Default means an Event of Default under Section 10.8(b).

Foreign Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Company that is a Controlled Foreign Corporation or a Subsidiary of a Controlled Foreign Corporation.

A-9

Form 10-K
is defined in Section 7.1(b).

Form 10-Q
is defined in Section 7.1(a).

GAAP
means (a) generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America and (b) for purposes
of Section 9.6, with respect to any Subsidiary, generally accepted accounting principles (including International Financial Reporting
Standards, as applicable) as in effect from time to time in the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary.

Governmental Authority
means

(a) the government of

(i) the United States of America
or any state or other political subdivision thereof, or

(ii) any other jurisdiction in
which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts all or any part of its business, or which asserts jurisdiction over any properties of the
Company or any Subsidiary, or

(b) any entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, any such government.

Governmental Official
means any governmental official or employee, employee of any government-owned or government-controlled entity, political party, any
official of a political party, candidate for political office, official of any public international organization or anyone else acting
in an official capacity.

Gross Borrowing
Base is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Guarantee
of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing
or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor)
in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase
or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance
or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services
for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital,
equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay
such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued
to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or
deposit in the ordinary course of business or customary indemnification agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business in
connection with obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness. The amount of any Guarantee at any time shall be deemed to be an amount
equal to the maximum stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is incurred, unless the
terms of such Guarantee expressly provide that the maximum amount for which such Person may be liable thereunder is a lesser amount (in
which case the amount of such Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to such lesser amount).

A-10

Hazardous Materials
means any and all pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous wastes, substances or which are regulated by Environmental Law, including
asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum, or petroleum products.

Hedging Agreement
means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange protection agreement, commodity price protection agreement or
other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement.

holder
means, with respect to any Note, the Person in whose name such Note is registered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to
Section 13.1, provided, however, that if such Person is a nominee, then for the purposes of Sections 7, 12 and 18 and any
related definitions in this Schedule A, holder shall mean the beneficial owner of such Note whose name and address appears
in such register.

Immaterial Subsidiary
means any subsidiary that is not a Significant Subsidiary.

Incorporated Covenant
is defined in Section 9.11.

Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication,

(a)(i) all obligations of such
Person for borrowed money or (ii) with respect to deposits or advances of any kind that are required to be to accounted for under
GAAP as a liability on the financial statements of such Person (other than deposits received in connection with a portfolio investment
(including Portfolio Investments) of such Person in the ordinary course of such Persons business (including, but not limited to,
any deposits or advances in connection with expense reimbursement, prepaid agency fees, other fees, indemnification, work fees, tax distributions
or purchase price adjustments)),

(b) all obligations of such Person
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar debt instruments,

(c) all obligations of such Person
under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person,

(d) all obligations of such Person
in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding accounts payable and accrued expenses and trade accounts
incurred in the ordinary course of business),

(e) all Indebtedness of others
secured by any Lien (other than a Lien permitted by Section 10.5(c)) on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not
the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (with the amount of such Indebtedness being the lower of the outstanding amount of such
debt and the fair market value of the property subject to such Lien),

A-11

(f) all Guarantees by such Person
of Indebtedness of others,

(g) all Capital Lease Obligations
of such Person,

(h) all obligations, contingent
or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, and

(i) all obligations, contingent
or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances.

The Indebtedness of any Person
shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent
such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except
to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing Indebtedness
shall not include (v) indebtedness of such Person on account of the sale by such Person of the first out tranche of any First Lien
Bank Loan (as defined in the Bank Credit Agreement) that arises solely as an accounting matter under ASC 860, (w) purchase price
holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset or Investment to satisfy
unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset or Investment, (x) a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to
make a future portfolio investment (including Portfolio Investments) or fund the delayed draw or unfunded portion of any existing portfolio
investment (including Portfolio Investments), (y) any accrued incentive, management or other fees to an investment manager or its
affiliates (regardless of any deferral in payment thereof), or (z) non-recourse liabilities for participations sold by any Person
in any Bank Loan (as defined in the Bank Credit Agreement).

INHAM Exemption
is defined in Section 6.2(e).

Institutional Investor
means (a) any Purchaser of a Note, (b) any holder of a Note holding (together with one or more of its affiliates) more than 10% of
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other
financial institution, any pension plan, any investment company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar financial
institution or entity, regardless of legal form, and (d) any Related Fund of any holder of any Note.

Investment
means, for any Person: (a) Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to
acquire any Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person (including any short sale
or any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such sale); (b) deposits,
advances, loans or other extensions of credit made to any other Person (including purchases of property from another Person subject to
an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such property to such Person); or (c) Hedging Agreements, Credit
Default Swaps and total return swaps.

A-12

Investment Advisor
means Blackstone Private Credit Strategies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or any Affiliate of Blackstone Private Credit Strategies
LLC that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America and in the business of managing or advising
clients.

Investment Company
Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time.

Investment Grade
means a rating of at least BBB- (or its equivalent) or higher by a Rating Agency without giving effect to any credit watch.

Investment Policies
means, with respect to the Company, the investment objectives, policies, restrictions and limitations as the same may be changed, altered,
expanded, amended, modified, terminated or restated from time to time.

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest
in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention
agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in
the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities (other than on market
terms at fair value), except in favor of the issuer thereof (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Investments that are loans
or other debt obligations, restrictions on assignments or transfers, buyout rights, voting rights, right of first offer or refusal thereof
pursuant to the underlying documentation of such Investment shall not be deemed to be a Lien and, in the case of portfolio
investments (including Portfolio Investments) that are equity securities, excluding customary drag along, tag along, buyout rights, voting
rights, right of first offer or refusal, restrictions on assignments or transfers and other similar rights in favor of other equity holders
of the same issuer).

Loan Documents
is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Make-Whole Amount
is defined in Section 8.6.

Material
means material in relation to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets, or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole.

Material Adverse
Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (excluding in any case a decline in the net asset value of the Company or its subsidiaries or a
change in general market conditions or values of the Portfolio Investments of the Company and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole)) or
(b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes or any Subsidiary Guaranty.

Material Credit
Facility means, as to the Company and its Subsidiaries,

(a) the Bank Credit Agreement;

A-13

(b) the Existing Note Purchase
Agreements; and

(c) any
other agreement(s) creating or evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of which the Company or any Subsidiary (other than
a Foreign Subsidiary) is an obligor or otherwise provides a guarantee or other credit support (Credit Facility),
in a principal amount outstanding or available for borrowing equal to or greater than $125,000,000 (or the equivalent of such amount in
the relevant currency of payment, determined as of the date of the closing of such facility based on the exchange rate of such other currency)
and if no Credit Facility or Credit Facilities equal or exceed such amounts, then the largest Credit Facility shall be deemed to be a
Material Credit Facility.

Material Indebtedness
means Indebtedness (other than the Notes), of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding principal
amount exceeding $125,000,000.

Maturity Date
is defined in the first paragraph of each Note.

MFL Cure Right Provision
means any provision (regardless of whether such provision is labeled or otherwise characterized as a covenant, a definition or a default)
that allows the Company or any Subsidiary to cure or otherwise remedy a default under a financial covenant that is the same
as the financial covenants set forth in Section 10.8 (and have the same related definitions) prior to such default becoming an actionable
event of default.

MFL Financial Covenant
means any financial maintenance covenant (regardless of whether such provision is labeled or otherwise characterized as a covenant, a
definition or a default) that requires the Company or any Subsidiary to (i) maintain any level of financial performance (including
any specified level of net worth, total assets, cash flows or net income, however expressed), (ii) maintain any relationship of any
component of its capital structure to any other component thereof (including the relationship of indebtedness, senior indebtedness or
subordinated indebtedness to total capitalization or to net worth, however expressed), (iii) maintain any measure of its ability
to service its indebtedness (including exceeding any specified ratio of revenues, cash flow or income to interest expense, rental expense,
capital expenditures and/or scheduled payments of indebtedness, however expressed) or (iv) not to exceed any maximum level of indebtedness,
however expressed; provided, however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, no borrowing base requirement or covenants, however expressed,
shall constitute an MFL Financial Covenant.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto.

Most Favored Lender
Notice means a written notice from the Company to each of the holders of the Notes delivered promptly, and in any event within
ten (10) Business Days after the inclusion of any Additional Covenant in a Specified Credit Facility (including by way of amendment or
other modification of any existing provision thereof), pursuant to Section 9.11 by a Senior Financial Officer in reasonable detail, including
reference to Section 9.11, a verbatim statement of such Additional Covenant (including any defined terms used therein).

A-14

Multiemployer Plan
means any Plan that is a multiemployer plan (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).

NAIC
means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.

Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization or NRSRO means a rating organization designated from time to time by the
SEC as being nationally recognized whose status has been confirmed by the SVO.

Non-U.S. Plan
means any plan, fund or other similar program that (a) is established or maintained outside the United States of America by the Company
or any Subsidiary primarily for the benefit of employees of the Company or one or more Subsidiaries residing outside the United States
of America, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation
of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and (b) is not subject to ERISA or the Code.

Noteholder Affiliate
means, with respect to any holder, any other holder (i) that is an Affiliate of such first holder or (ii) whose Note(s) are managed by
the same investment manager that manages the Note(s) of such first holder; provided that, for purposes of this definition, holder
shall mean, with respect to any holder that is a nominee, the beneficial owner of the relevant Note(s) whose name and address appears
in the register maintained by the Issuer pursuant to Section 13.1.

Notes
is defined in Section 1.1.

Obligors
means, collectively, the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors.

OFAC
means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

OFAC Sanctions Program
means any economic or trade sanction that OFAC is responsible for administering and enforcing. A list of OFAC Sanctions Programs can be
found at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx.

Officers
Certificate means a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer or of any other officer of the Company whose responsibilities
extend to the subject matter of such certificate.

Participation Interest
means a participation interest in an investment that at the time of acquisition by an Obligor satisfies each of the following criteria:
(a) the underlying investment would constitute a Portfolio Investment were it acquired directly by such Obligor, (b) the seller
of the participation is an Excluded Asset, (c) the entire purchase price for such participation is paid in full at the time of its
acquisition and (d) the participation provides the participant all of the economic benefit and risk of the whole or part of such
portfolio investment that is the subject of such participation.

A-15

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA.

Pension Plan
means any Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA.

Permitted Liens
means:

(a) Liens imposed by any Governmental
Authority for taxes, assessments or charges not yet due or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate
reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Company or any other Obligor in accordance with GAAP;

(b) Liens of clearing agencies,
broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that such Liens (i) attach only to
the securities (or proceeds) being purchased or sold and (ii) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or
sale, and not any obligation in connection with margin financing;

(c) Liens imposed by law, such
as materialmens, mechanics, carriers, workmens, landlord, storage and repairmens Liens and other similar
Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money);

(d) Liens incurred or pledges
or deposits made to secure obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business under workers compensation laws, unemployment
insurance or other similar social security legislation (other than Liens in respect of employee benefit plans arising under ERISA) or
to secure public or statutory obligations;

(e) Liens securing the performance
of, or payment in respect of, bids, insurance premiums, deductibles or co-insured amounts, tenders, government or utility contracts (other
than for the repayment of borrowed money), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds and other obligations of a similar nature incurred in
the ordinary course of business;

(f) Liens arising out of judgments
or awards that have been in force for less than the applicable period for taking an appeal so long as such judgments or awards do not
constitute an Event of Default under Section 11(j);

(g) customary rights of setoff,
bankers lien, security interest or other like right upon (i) deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions
in which such cash is maintained in the ordinary course of business, (ii) cash and financial assets held in securities accounts in
favor of banks and other financial institutions with which such accounts are maintained in the ordinary course of business and (iii) assets
held by a custodian in favor of such custodian in the ordinary course of business securing payment of fees, indemnities, charges for returning
items and other similar obligations;

A-16

(h) Liens arising solely from
precautionary filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable jurisdictions in respect of operating
leases entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(i) deposits of money securing
leases to which the obligor is a party as the lessee made in the ordinary course of business,

(j) easements, rights of way,
zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not interfere with
or affect in any material respect the ordinary course conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(k) Liens in favor of any escrow
agent solely on and in respect of any cash earnest money deposits made by any Obligor in connection with any letter of intent or purchase
agreement (to the extent that the acquisition or disposition with respect thereto is otherwise not prohibited hereunder); and

(l) precautionary Liens, and
filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code, covering assets purported to be sold or contributed to any Person not
prohibited hereunder.

Permitted SBIC Guarantee
means a guarantee by the Company of Indebtedness of an SBIC Subsidiary on the SBAs then applicable form; provided that the
recourse to the Company thereunder is expressly limited only to periods after the occurrence of an event or condition that is an impermissible
change in the control of such SBIC Subsidiary.

Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, business entity
or governmental authority.

Plan
means an employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer
Plan) that is or, within the preceding five years, has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or, within the preceding
five years, have been made or required to be made, by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate has any liability.

Portfolio Investment
means any Investment (including a Participation Interest) held by the Obligors in their asset portfolio.

Prepayment Settlement
Amount (i) is defined in Section 8.6 with respect to any Series 2025A Note and (ii) is set forth in the applicable
Supplement with respect to any other Series or tranche of Notes.

Private Placement
Agent means any company organized as a broker or dealer (as each such term is defined in Section 3(a)
(4) and (5), respectively, of the Exchange Act) of recognized national standing regularly engaged as an intermediary in the placement
or sale to and among Institutional Investors of Indebtedness Securities exempt from registration under the Securities Act.

A-17

Private Rating Rationale
Report means, with respect to any Rating that is a private letter rating, a report issued by the Rating Agency
in connection with such private rating letter setting forth an analytical review of the Notes explaining the transaction structure, methodology
relied upon, and, as appropriate, analysis of the credit, legal, and operational risks and mitigants supporting the assigned Rating for
the Notes, in each case, on the letterhead of the Rating Agency or its controlled website and generally consistent with the work product
that a Rating Agency would produce for a similar publicly rated security and otherwise in form and substance generally required by the
SVO or any other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any holder of any Notes from time to time. Such report shall not be subject
to confidentiality provisions or other restrictions which would prevent or limit the report from being shared with the SVO or any other
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any holder of any Notes.

property
or properties means, unless otherwise specifically limited, real or personal property of any kind, tangible or intangible,
choate or inchoate.

PTE is
defined in Section 6.2(a).

Purchaser
or Purchasers means each of the purchasers that has executed and delivered this Agreement to the Company and such
Purchasers successors and assigns (so long as any such assignment complies with Section 13.2) and any Substitute Purchaser (so
long as any such substitution complies with Section 21), provided, however, that any Purchaser of a Note that ceases to be the
registered holder or a beneficial owner (through a nominee) of such Note as the result of a transfer thereof pursuant to Section 13.2
or as the result of a substitution pursuant to Section 21 shall cease to be included within the meaning of Purchaser of
such Note for the purposes of this Agreement upon such transfer.

Purchaser Schedule
means the Purchaser Schedule to this Agreement listing the Purchasers of the Notes and including their notice and payment information.

QPAM Exemption
is defined in Section 6.2(d).

Qualified Institutional
Buyer means any Person who is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of such term as set forth in
Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act.

Rating means
a rating of a Series or tranche of Notes, which rating shall (a) specifically describe the Notes, including their interest rate, maturity
and Private Placement Number and (b) in the event that such Rating is a private letter rating, (i) state that the Rating
addresses the likelihood of payment of both the principal and interest of such Notes (which requirement shall be deemed satisfied if the
evidence of such Rating either confirms or is silent as to the likelihood of payment of both principal and interest and does not otherwise
include any indication to the contrary), (ii) not include any prohibition against sharing such evidence with the SVO or any other regulatory
authority having jurisdiction over the holders of the Notes, (iii) include such other information relating to the Rating for the Notes
as may be required from time to time by the SVO or any other regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the holders of the Notes and
(iv) include the related Private Rating Rationale Report and (c) be issued by an NRSRO from which the SVO accepts ratings for securities
of the type similar to the Notes.

A-18

Rating Agency
means an NRSRO.

Related Fund
means, with respect to any holder of any Note, any fund or entity that (a) invests in Securities or bank loans and (b) is advised
or managed by such holder, the same investment advisor as such holder or by an affiliate of such holder or such investment advisor.

Required Holders
means, at any time at least two (or one, as provided in clause (iv) below) distinct holders that hold, in the aggregate, greater than
50.00% in principal amount of each Series of the Notes at the time outstanding (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Company, any of its
Affiliates, or any entity whose investments or investment related decisions are managed by the Company or any its Affiliates (collectively,
the Affiliated Holders)), it being understood that, for purposes of this definition, the Series 2025A Notes shall
constitute one Series and vote together as a single class; provided, however, that Notes that any Purchaser (other than the Affiliated
Holders) is committed to purchase under this Agreement or any Supplement shall be deemed outstanding and held by such Purchaser for purposes
of the determination of Required Holders;

provided, further,
that:

(i) any determination of whether
there are two distinct holders of Notes holding the required percentage principal amount of Notes specified above shall, with respect
to any holder that is a nominee, be made by reference to the beneficial owner of the relevant Note(s) whose name and address appears in
the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 13.1;

(ii) any holder that holds Notes
managed by different investment managers shall be deemed to be a distinct holder with respect to each Note managed by a separate investment
manager;

(iii) any holders that are Noteholder
Affiliates shall be deemed to be a single holder of Notes; and

(iv) if at any time of determination
there is (or is deemed to be) only one holder of Notes, the Required Holders shall mean the holder(s) of more than 50% in principal amount
of the Notes at the time outstanding (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Affiliated Holders).

Responsible Officer
means any Senior Financial Officer and any other officer of the Company with responsibility for the administration of the relevant portion
of this Agreement.

A-19

Restricted Payment
means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any shares of any class of capital
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking
fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such shares
of capital stock of the Company or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock of the Company, provided,
for the avoidance of doubt, neither the conversion or settlement of convertible debt into capital stock nor the purchase, redemption,
retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of convertible debt made solely with capital stock (other than interest or expenses
or fractional shares, which may be payable in cash) shall be a Restricted Payment hereunder.

RIC means
a person qualifying for treatment as a regulated investment company under the Code.

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., a New York corporation, or any successor thereto.

SBA means
the United States Small Business Administration or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions thereof.

SBIC Equity Commitment
means a commitment by any Obligor to make one (1) or more capital contributions to an SBIC Subsidiary.

SBIC Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company (or such subsidiarys general partner or manager entity) that is (x) a small business
investment company licensed by the SBA (or that has applied for such a license and is actively pursuing the granting thereof by
appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted) under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended, and
(y) designated in writing by the Company (as provided below) as an SBIC Subsidiary, so long as:

(a) other
than pursuant to a Permitted SBIC Guarantee or the requirement by the SBA that the Company make an equity or capital contribution to the
SBIC Subsidiary in connection with its incurrence of SBA Indebtedness (provided that such contribution is permitted by this Agreement
and is made substantially contemporaneously with such incurrence), no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent
or otherwise) of such Person (i) is Guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than any SBIC Subsidiary), (ii) is
recourse to or obligates the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than any SBIC Subsidiary) in any way, or (iii) subjects any
property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than any SBIC Subsidiary) to the satisfaction thereof;

(b) neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries (other than any SBIC Subsidiary) has any obligation to such Person to maintain or preserve its
financial condition or cause it to achieve certain levels of operating results; and

(c) such
Person has not Guaranteed or become a co-borrower under, and has not granted a security interest in any of its properties to secure, and
the Equity Interests it has issued are not pledged to secure, in each case, any indebtedness, liabilities or obligations of any one or
more of the Obligors.

A-20

Any designation by the Company
under clause (y) above shall be effected pursuant to a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer delivered to the Purchasers, which certificate
shall include a statement to the effect that, to the best of such Senior Financial Officers knowledge, such designation complied
with the foregoing conditions.

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America.

Section 8.8 Proposed
Prepayment Date is defined in Section 8.8(b).

Securities
or Security shall have the meaning specified in section 2(1) of the Securities Act.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

Security Documents
is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Senior Financial
Officer means the president, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or comptroller
of the Company.

Senior Securities
means senior securities (as such term is defined and determined pursuant to the Investment Company Act and any orders of the SEC issued
to the Company thereunder).

Series
means any series of Notes issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Supplement hereto.

Series 2025A Closing
is defined in Section 3 of this Agreement.

Series 2025A Notes
is defined in Section 1.1 of this Agreement.

Significant Subsidiary
means (a) any Obligor or (b) any other Subsidiary that, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, has aggregate assets
or aggregate revenues greater than the greater of $820,000,000 and 10% of the aggregate assets or aggregate revenues of the Company and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter in respect of which financial statements have been
delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(a) or (b), as applicable.

Source
is defined in Section 6.2.

Special Equity Interest
is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Specified Credit
Facility means any Material Credit Facility that is unsecured and in respect of which the Company is a borrower or guarantor.

A-21

Standard Securitization
Undertakings means, collectively, (a) customary arms-length servicing obligations (together with any related performance
guarantees), (b) obligations (together with any related performance guarantees) to refund the purchase price or grant purchase price
credits for dilutive events or misrepresentations (in each case unrelated to the collectability of the assets sold or the creditworthiness
of the associated account debtors), (c) representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities (together with any related performance
guarantees) of a type that are reasonably customary in commercial loan securitizations, accounts receivable securitizations, securitizations
of financial assets or loans to special purpose vehicles, including those owed to customary third-party service providers in connection
with such transactions, such as rating agencies and accountants and (d) obligations (together with any related performance guarantees)
under any customary bad boy guarantee.

State Sanctions
List means a list that is adopted by any state Governmental Authority within the United States of America pertaining to Persons
that engage in investment or other commercial activities in Iran or any other country that is a target of economic sanctions imposed under
U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial
statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more
than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership
interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or
one (1) or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one (1) or more subsidiaries of the parent. Anything herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Subsidiary shall include any Subsidiary Guarantor but shall not include any Designated
Subsidiary or Person that constitutes an Investment held by any Obligor in the ordinary course of business and that is not, under GAAP
(as in effect on the Effective Date), consolidated on the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified,
Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company.

Subsidiary Guarantor
means each Subsidiary that has executed and delivered a Subsidiary Guaranty or a joinder thereto.

Subsidiary Guaranty
is defined in Section 9.7(a).

Substitute Purchaser
is defined in Section 21.

Super-Majority Holders
means, at any time at least two distinct holders that hold, in the aggregate, at least 66-2/3% in principal amount of the Notes at the
time outstanding (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Affiliated Holders), it being understood that, for purposes of this definition,
the Series 2025A Notes shall constitute one Series; provided, however, that Notes that any Purchaser (other than the Affiliated
Holders) is committed to purchase under this Agreement or any Supplement shall be deemed outstanding and held by such Purchaser for purposes
of the determination of Super-Majority Holders;

A-22

provided, further,
that:

(i) any determination of whether
there are two distinct holders of Notes holding the required percentage principal amount of Notes specified above shall, with respect
to any holder that is a nominee, be made by reference to the beneficial owner of the relevant Note(s) whose name and address appears in
the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 13.1;

(ii) any holder that holds Notes
managed by different investment managers shall be deemed to be a distinct holder with respect to each Note managed by a separate investment
manager;

(iii) any holders that are Noteholder
Affiliates shall be deemed to be a single holder of Notes; and

(iv) if at any time of determination
there is (or is deemed to be) only one holder of Notes, the Super-Majority Holders shall mean the holder(s) of at least 66-2/3% in principal
amount of the Notes at the time outstanding (exclusive of Notes then owned by the Affiliated Holders).

Supplement
is defined in Section 2.2.

SVO means
the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC.

Tender Offer
means an all-cash tender offer by the Company for its shares of common stock that may be proposed to be commenced in connection with the
initial listing of the Companys common Equity Interests.

tranche
means all Notes of a Series having the same maturity, interest rate, currency and schedule for mandatory prepayments.

Tranche A Notes
is defined in Section 1.1.

Tranche B Notes
is defined in Section 1.1.

Transferred Assets
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.2(i).

United States Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

USA PATRIOT Act
means United States Public Law 107-56, Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

U.S. Economic Sanctions
Laws means those laws, executive orders, enabling legislation or regulations administered and enforced by the United States
pursuant to which economic sanctions have been imposed on any Person, entity, organization, country or regime, including the Trading with
the Enemy Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Iran Sanctions Act, the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act and
any other OFAC Sanctions Program.

U.S. Government
Securities means securities that are direct obligations of, and obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on
which is fully guaranteed by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed
by the full faith and credit of the United States and in the form of conventional bills, bonds, and notes.

Value
is defined in the Bank Credit Agreement.

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
means, at any time, any subsidiary all of the equity interests (except directors qualifying shares) and voting interests of which
are owned by any one or more of the Company and the Companys other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries at such time.

A-23

[Form of Series 2025A Note, Tranche
A]

THE NOTE REPRESENTED HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION
THEREOF. NO SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 IS AVAILABLE.

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

5.54%
Series 2025A Senior Note, Tranche A, Due March 25, 2031

No.[_____] Date
[ ]

$[_______] PPN 09261H B@5

For
Value Received, the undersigned, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (herein called
the Company), a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby promises to
pay to [____________], or registered assigns, the principal sum of [_____________________] Dollars
(or so much thereof as shall not have been prepaid) on March 25, 2031 (the Maturity Date), with interest (computed
on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a) on the unpaid balance hereof at the rate of 5.54% per annum, as may be
adjusted in accordance with Section 1.2 of the hereinafter defined Note Purchase Agreement, from the date hereof, payable semiannually,
on the 11th day of April and October in each year, commencing with October 11, 2025, and on the Maturity Date, until the principal hereof
shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the extent permitted by law, (x) on any overdue payment of interest and (y) during
the continuance of an Event of Default, on such unpaid balance and on any overdue payment of any Prepayment Settlement Amount (if any),
at a rate per annum from time to time equal to Default Rate (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), payable semiannually as aforesaid
(or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand).

Payments of principal of,
interest on and any Prepayment Settlement Amount or Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in lawful money of the
United States of America at the Company in New York, New York or at such other place as the Company shall have designated by
written notice to the holder of this Note as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below.

This Note is one of a series
of Senior Notes (herein called the Notes) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2025 (as
from time to time amended, the Note Purchase Agreement), between the Company and the respective Purchasers named
therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof. Each holder of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance hereof, to have (i) agreed
to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) made the representations set
forth in Section 6 of the Note Purchase Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the
respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement.

Schedule 1(a)

(to Note Purchase Agreement)

This Note is a registered
Note and, as provided in (and subject to the terms and conditions of) the Note Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration
of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holders attorney
duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior
to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof
for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

This Note is subject to
prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreement.

If an Event of Default occurs
and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner, at the price (including
any applicable Make-Whole Amount) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement.

This Note shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Company and the holder of this Note shall be governed by, the law of the State
of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction
other than such State.

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

By 

[Title]

1(a)-2

[Form of Series 2025A Note, Tranche
B]

THE NOTE REPRESENTED HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION
THEREOF. NO SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 IS AVAILABLE.

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

5.79%
Series 2025A Senior Note, Tranche B, Due March 25, 2033

No.[_____] Date
[ ]

$[_______] PPN 09261H B#3

For
Value Received, the undersigned, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (herein called
the Company), a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby promises to
pay to [____________], or registered assigns, the principal sum of [_____________________] Dollars
(or so much thereof as shall not have been prepaid) on March 25, 2033 (the Maturity Date), with interest (computed
on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a) on the unpaid balance hereof at the rate of 5.79% per annum, as may be
adjusted in accordance with Section 1.2 of the hereinafter defined Note Purchase Agreement, from the date hereof, payable semiannually,
on the 11th day of April and October in each year, commencing with October 11, 2025, and on the Maturity Date, until the principal hereof
shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the extent permitted by law, (x) on any overdue payment of interest and (y) during
the continuance of an Event of Default, on such unpaid balance and on any overdue payment of any Prepayment Settlement Amount (if any),
at a rate per annum from time to time equal to Default Rate (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), payable semiannually as aforesaid
(or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand).

Payments of principal of,
interest on and any Prepayment Settlement Amount or Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in lawful money of the
United States of America at the Company in New York, New York or at such other place as the Company shall have designated by
written notice to the holder of this Note as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below.

This Note is one of a series
of Senior Notes (herein called the Notes) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2025 (as
from time to time amended, the Note Purchase Agreement), between the Company and the respective Purchasers named
therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof. Each holder of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance hereof, to have (i) agreed
to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) made the representations set
forth in Section 6 of the Note Purchase Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the
respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement.

This Note is a registered
Note and, as provided in (and subject to the terms and conditions of) the Note Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for registration
of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holders attorney
duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior
to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof
for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

This Note is subject to
prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreement.

If an Event of Default occurs
and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner, at the price (including
any applicable Make-Whole Amount) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement.

This Note shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Company and the holder of this Note shall be governed by, the law of the State
of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction
other than such State.

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

By 

[Title]

1(a)-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>na-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>na-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>na-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 814-01358

Entity Registrant Name Blackstone Private Credit Fund

Entity Central Index Key 0001803498

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-7071531

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 345 Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 31st Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10154

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 503-2100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bpcf.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0235531-02_8k.htm 
na-20250325.xsd 
na-20250325_lab.xml 
na-20250325_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-002714-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea0235531-02_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001803498 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001803498 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
DE 
814-01358 
84-7071531 
345 Park Avenue 
31st Floor 
New York 
NY 
10154 
212 
503-2100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>