<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-001965.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-001965.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127093116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-001965
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARNES GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000009984
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				060247840
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04801
		FILM NUMBER:		25556012

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MAIN ST
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8605837070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MAIN ST
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASSOCIATED SPRING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760518
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20042046_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false12-31000000998400000099842025-01-272025-01-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 27, 2025

BARNES GROUP INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

1-4801

06-0247840

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

123 Main StreetBristol, Connecticut06010

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(860) 583-7070

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

B

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

On January 27, 2025, Goat Holdco, LLC (Parent), a Delaware limited liability company, completed the previously announced acquisition of Barnes Group
Inc., a Delaware corporation (Barnes), pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 6, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Barnes, Parent, and Goat Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Barnes (the Merger), with Barnes surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of
funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc.

At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of common stock,
par value $0.01 per share, of Barnes (each such share, a Common Share and, collectively, the Barnes Common Stock) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than (a) Common Shares issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time that were owned or held in treasury by Barnes, or otherwise owned or held by any wholly owned subsidiary of Barnes or by Parent or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) and (b) Common
Shares that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and were held by holders who did not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement or consent thereto in writing and who properly exercised appraisal rights
with respect to such Common Shares in accordance with, and who have complied with, Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and did not fail to perfect, effectively withdraw or lose their right to appraisal and payment
under Delaware law with respect to such Common Shares), were automatically converted into the right to receive $47.50 per share in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration).

At the Effective Time, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, each then-outstanding Barnes stock option award (a Barnes
Option), time-based restricted stock unit award (a Barnes RSU Award) (other than Barnes RSU Awards granted after the date of the Merger Agreement), deferred stock unit award and performance-based restricted stock unit award (a Barnes PSU
Award) was cancelled in exchange for the Merger Consideration (less the applicable exercise price in the case of Barnes Options) in respect of the number of Common Shares subject to such award (with any Barnes Option with an exercise price per
share equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration cancelled without any payment being made in respect thereof). The number of Common Shares subject to each Barnes PSU Award was determined by deeming the applicable performance goals to be
achieved at the greater of the target level of performance and the actual level of performance as of the Effective Time. Barnes RSU Awards granted on or after the date of the Merger Agreement vested on a pro rata basis at the Effective Time (with
any unvested portion forfeited) and were cancelled in exchange for the Merger Consideration for each underlying Common Share.

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

2032 Notes

Concurrently with the Effective Time, Parent, Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Trustee), Barnes and certain of Barnes subsidiaries
(together with Barnes, the Subsidiary Guarantors) entered into the Supplemental Indenture No. 1 to the Indenture, dated as of December 24, 2024, among Parent, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time and the Trustee (the 2032
Notes Indenture), governing Parents issuance of 6.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 with an initial aggregate principal amount of $750 million (the 2032 Notes), pursuant to which Barnes and the other Subsidiary Guarantors agreed to guarantee
Parents obligations under the 2032 Notes Indenture and the 2032 Notes. The 2032 Notes and the related guarantees are secured on a first-priority basis by substantially all assets of Parent and the Subsidiary Guarantors (the Collateral) (subject
to certain exclusions and exceptions). The 2032 Notes Indenture and the 2032 Notes include restrictive covenants, events of default and other provisions that are customary for obligations of this type.

-2-

First Lien Credit Agreement

In addition, concurrently with the Effective Time, Parent entered into the First Lien Credit Agreement among Goat Midco, LLC (Holdings), Parent, as
borrower, Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuing banks party thereto (the Credit Agreement), governing (a) Parents term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1,350 million, maturing on the seventh
anniversary of the date hereof, and (b) Parents revolving loan facility that provides aggregate borrowing availability of $300 million, maturing on the fifth anniversary of the date hereof. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured
(i) on a first-priority basis on assets of Parent and the Subsidiary Guarantors constituting Collateral (subject to certain exclusions and exceptions) and (ii) by a pledge of the equity interests of Parent directly held by Holdings. The Term Loan
Credit Agreement includes representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and other provisions that are customary for facilities of this type.

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

Concurrently with the occurrence of the Effective Time, Barnes repaid all loans and terminated all credit commitments outstanding under that certain
Credit Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2023 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of February 6, 2024, and Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 19, 2024), among Barnes, Barnes Group Switzerland GmbH, Barnes Group Acquisition GmbH, the lenders
and issuing banks from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, as collateral agent and as swingline lender.

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The description contained under the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

The description of the effects of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and
is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Barnes Form 8-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 6, 2024,
and which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The descriptions contained under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The descriptions contained under the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated by reference into this Item
3.01.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, on January 27, 2025, Barnes notified the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) that the Merger had
closed and requested that the NYSE (a) suspend trading of Barnes Common Stock, (b) remove Barnes Common Stock from listing on the NYSE prior to the open of trading on January 27, 2025 and (c) file with the Commission a notification of delisting of
Barnes Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). As a result, Barnes Common Stock will no longer be listed on the NYSE. Trading of Barnes Common Stock on the NYSE was halted prior to
the opening of trading on the closing date of the Merger.

Additionally, Barnes intends to file with the Commission certifications on Form 15 under the Exchange Act requesting the deregistration of Barnes
Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of Barnes reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable.

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification of Rights of Security Holders.

The descriptions contained under the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are
incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

In connection with the Merger and at the Effective Time, holders of Barnes Common Stock immediately prior to such time ceased to have any rights as
shareholders in Barnes (other than their right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement).

-3-

Item 5.01. 

Change in Control of Registrant.

The descriptions contained under the Introductory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 3.03 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated by
reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change in control of Barnes occurred. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, Merger
Sub merged with and into Barnes, with Barnes continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers Election of Directors Appointment of Certain Officers Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The descriptions contained under the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated by reference into this Item
5.02.

In connection with the Merger, each of Elijah K. Barnes, Jakki L. Haussler, Richard J. Hipple, Daphne E. Jones, Adam J. Katz, Neal J. Keating,
Hans-Peter Mnner, Anthony V. Nicolosi and JoAnna L. Sohovich resigned from the board of directors of Barnes (the Board) and the committees thereof, effective as of the Effective Time. No director resigned as a result of any disagreement with
Barnes on any matter relating to Barnes operations, policies or practices.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, Michael Kennedy was appointed to the Board, effective as of the Effective Time. Thomas J. Hook
remained on the Board following the Effective Time.

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws Change in Fiscal Year.

The descriptions contained under the Introductory Note and Items 2.01 and 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated by reference into
this Item 5.03.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, Barnes Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws were amended
and restated in their entirety. The Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-Laws are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

On January 27, 2025, Barnes issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. The full text of the press release is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. 

Exhibit

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 6, 2024, by and among Goat Holdco, LLC, Goat Merger Sub, Inc. and Barnes Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to
Barnes Group Inc.s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2024).

3.1 

Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Barnes Group Inc.

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Barnes Group Inc.

99.1 

Press Release, dated as of January 27, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Barnes hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted
schedules or exhibits upon request by the Commission; provided that Barnes may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedules or exhibits so furnished.

-4-

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 27, 2025 

BARNES GROUP INC.

By: /s/ Jay B. Knoll

Name:

Jay B. Knoll

Title:

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

-5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20042046_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

BARNES GROUP INC.

FIRST:The name of this corporation (the Corporation) shall be Barnes Group Inc.

SECOND: Its
registered office in the State of Delaware is to be located at Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808, United States, and the name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation
Service Company.

THIRD: The purpose
or purposes of the Corporation shall be to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

FOURTH: The total
number of shares of stock which this Corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000. All such shares are of one class and are shares of common stock with the par value of $0.01 per share.

FIFTH: The Board
of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws.

SIXTH: Director Liability.

(a)A director of this Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or
limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any repeal or modification of this Article SIXTH, Section (a) shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation
existing hereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

(b)The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as the same exist or may hereafter be amended, any person (a Covered
Person) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such Proceeding is alleged
action or inaction in an official capacity or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and losses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, employee
benefit excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Covered Person in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in this Article SIXTH, the Corporation shall indemnify any such Covered Person
seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Covered Person only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors.

(c)The right to indemnification conferred in this Article SIXTH shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred by a Covered Person in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final
disposition, provided, however, that, if the DGCL requires, payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such
person while a director or officer, including without limitation service to any employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of
the Covered Person, to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article SIXTH or otherwise.

(d)If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such action, suit or Proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this Article SIXTH is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty days after a
written claim therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Corporation, the Covered Person at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part,
such Covered Person shall be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in
defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to the Corporation) that such Covered Person has failed to meet a standard of conduct which makes it permissible
under the DGCL for the Corporation to indemnify the Covered Person for the amount claimed. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including the Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination
prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is permissible in the circumstances because he or she has met such standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including the Board, independent
legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has failed to meet such standard of conduct.

(e)The rights to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred on any Covered Person by this Article SIXTH shall not be exclusive of any
other rights which such Covered Person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, the bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

(f)The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20042046_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

BARNES GROUP INC.

Dated as of: January 27, 2025

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. REGISTERED OFFICES. The registered office shall be in Wilmington, Delaware, or such other location as the Board of Directors may
determine or the business of the corporation may require.

Section 2. OTHER OFFICES. The corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of
Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. PLACE OF MEETINGS. Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware as designated by the Board
of Directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation.

Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and a time designated by the Board
of Directors. At each annual meeting directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.

Section 3. QUORUM; ADJOURNED MEETINGS AND NOTICE THEREOF. A majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at any meeting of
stockholders, the holders of which are present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws. A quorum, once
established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum and the votes present may continue to transact business until adjournment. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of
the stockholders, a majority of the voting stock represented in person or by proxy may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned
meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new
record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote thereat.

Section 4. VOTING. When a quorum is present at any meeting, in all matters other than the election of directors, the vote of the holders of a
majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the statutes, or the Certificate of
Incorporation, or these Bylaws, a different vote is required in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or
represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors.

Section 5. PROXIES. At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder having the right to vote may vote in person or may authorize another
person or persons to act for him by proxy appointed by an instrument in writing subscribed by such stockholder and bearing a date not more than three years prior to said meeting, unless said instrument provides for a longer period. All proxies must
be filed with the Secretary of the corporation at the beginning of each meeting in order to be counted in any vote at the meeting. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of stock having voting power, registered in his name on the books
of the corporation on the record date set by the Board of Directors as provided in Article VI, Section 5 hereof.

Section 6. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the
Certificate of Incorporation, may be called by the President and shall be called by the President or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in
amount of the entire capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding, and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be
limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 7. NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of
the meeting shall be given which notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. The written notice of any meeting shall be given to each
stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address
as it appears on the records of the corporation.

Section 8. MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF STOCKHOLDER LIST. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare and make,
at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name
of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city
where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during
the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

2

Section 9. STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action
required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote,
if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares
entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in
which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein
unless, within sixty days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 9 to the corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the corporation by delivery to
its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations registered
office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not
consented in writing.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1. THE NUMBER OF DIRECTORS. The initial number of directors shall be equal to the number of directors appointed by the incorporator.
Thereafter, the Board of Directors shall consist of at least one (1) director, the number thereof to be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors need not be stockholders. The directors shall be elected at
the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 2 of this Article, and the directors elected shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified; provided, however, that unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate
of Incorporation or by law, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, either with or without cause, from the Board of Directors at any meeting of stockholders by a majority of the stock represented and entitled to vote thereat.

Section 2. VACANCIES. Vacancies on the Board of Directors by reason of death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office, or
otherwise, and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. The directors so
chosen shall hold office until the next annual election of directors and until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner
provided by statute.

3

Section 3. POWERS. The property and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Directors.

Section 4. PLACE OF DIRECTORS MEETINGS. The directors may hold their meetings and have one or more offices, and keep the books of the corporation
outside of the State of Delaware.

Section 5. REGULAR MEETINGS. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time to time
be determined by the Board.

Section 6. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the President on fortyeight hours notice to each
director, either personally or by mail; special meetings shall be called by the President or the Secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of two directors unless the Board consists of only one director; in which case special
meetings shall be called by the President or Secretary in like manner or on like notice on the written request of the sole director.

Section 7. QUORUM. At all meetings of the Board of Directors a majority of the authorized number of directors shall be necessary and sufficient to
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum, shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by
statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than
announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. If only one director is authorized, such sole director shall constitute a quorum.

Section 8. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the
minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.

Section 9. TELEPHONIC MEETINGS. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors,
or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the
meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

4

Section 10. COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more
committees, each such committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any
meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers
and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or
authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the corporations property and assets,
recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the Bylaws of the corporation; and, unless the resolution or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee
shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock.

Section 11. MINUTES OF COMMITTEE MEETINGS. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors
when required.

Section 12. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall
have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors
or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for
attending committee meetings.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 1. OFFICERS. The officers of this corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall include a Chairman of the Board of
Directors or a President, or both, and a Secretary. The corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, such other officers as are desired, including a Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Chief Executive Officer, a
Chief Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 3 hereof. At the time of the election of
officers, the directors may by resolution determine the order of their rank, if any. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws otherwise provide.

Section 2. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The Board of Directors, at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders, shall choose the officers
of the corporation.

Section 3. SUBORDINATE OFFICERS. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold their
offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board.

5

Section 4. TERM OF OFFICE; REMOVAL AND VACANCIES. The officers of the corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify in
their stead. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors. If the office of any officer or officers becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy
shall be filled by the Board of Directors.

Section 5. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. The Chairman of the Board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at all meetings of the Board
of Directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from time to time assigned to him by the Board of Directors or prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no President, the Chairman of the Board shall in addition be the
Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 6 of this Article IV.

Section 6. PRESIDENT. Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board, if there
be such an officer, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the corporation. 
He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, or if there be none, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He shall be an exofficio member of all committees and shall have the general
powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of President and Chief Executive Officer of corporations, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.

Section 7. VICE PRESIDENTS. In the absence or disability of the President, the Vice Presidents in order of their rank as fixed by the Board of
Directors, or if not ranked, the Vice President designated by the Board of Directors, shall perform all the duties of the President, and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. The Vice
Presidents shall have such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them, respectively, by the Board of Directors.

Section 8. SECRETARY. The Secretary shall attend all sessions of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all votes
and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose; and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required by the Board of Directors. He shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the
stockholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. He shall keep in safe custody the seal of the corporation, and when authorized by the Board, affix the
same to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed it shall be attested by his signature or by the signature of an Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the corporation
and to attest the affixing by his signature.

6

Section 9. ASSISTANT SECRETARY. The Assistant Secretary, or if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the
Board of Directors, or if there be no such determination, the Assistant Secretary designated by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

Section 10. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Chief Financial Officer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full
and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation and shall deposit all moneys, and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation, in such depositories as may be designated by the
Board of Directors. He shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of
Directors so requires, an account of all his transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, he shall give the corporation a bond, in such sum and with such surety or
sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors, for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books,
papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the corporation.

Section 11. ASSISTANT TREASURER. The Assistant Treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by
the Board of Directors, or if there be no such determination, the Assistant Treasurer designated by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief
Financial Officer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

ARTICLE V

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Section 1. PROCEEDINGS OTHER THAN THOSE BROUGHT BY THE CORPORATION. The corporation shall indemnify to the maximum extent permitted by law any
person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation)
by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against
expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order,
settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

7

Section 2. PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT BY THE CORPORATION. The corporation shall indemnify to the maximum extent permitted by law any person who was or is a
party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the
corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred
by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no such indemnification shall
be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper.

Section 3. INDEMNIFICATION AGAINST EXPENSES. To
the extent that a director or officer of the corporation shall be successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article V, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter
therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.

Section 4. AUTHORIZATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION AGAINST EXPENSES. Any indemnification under Sections 1 and 2 of this Article V (unless ordered by a
court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in
Sections 1 and 2 of this Article V. Such determination shall be made (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) if there are no such directors, or if such
directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders. The corporation, acting through its Board of Directors or otherwise, shall cause such determination to be made if so requested by any person who is
indemnifiable under this Article V.

Section 5. ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such
director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this Article V.

Section 6. INDEMNIFICATION OF EXPENSES NOT EXCLUSIVE. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other
paragraphs of this Article V shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise,
both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.

8

Section 7. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS INSURANCE. The Board of Directors may authorize, by a vote of a majority of a quorum of the Board of Directors, the
corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability
under the provisions of this Article V.

Section 8. CORPORATION DEFINED; EFFECTS OF MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION. For the purposes of this Article V, references to the corporation shall include,
in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify
its directors or officers so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article V with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence
had continued.

Section 9. OTHER ENTERPRISES DEFINED. For purposes
of this section, references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request
of the corporation shall include service as a director or officer of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a
person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation as referred to in this section.

Section 10. CESSATION OF DIRECTOR OR OFFICER STATUS. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this
Article V shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

Section 11. PROCEEDINGS INITIATED BY INDIVIDUAL. The corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with an action, suit or
proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if the action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

9

ARTICLE VI

CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

Section 1. CERTIFICATES. At the option of the Board of Directors, the stock of the corporation may be (i) uncertificated, evidenced by entries into
the corporation's stock ledger or other appropriate corporate books and records, as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time, or (ii) evidenced by a certificate signed by, or in the name of the corporation by, the Chairman or
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer or an Assistant Treasurer of the corporation, certifying the number of shares represented by
the certificate owned by such stockholder in the corporation.

Section 2. SIGNATURES ON CERTIFICATES. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or
registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as
if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 3. LOST CERTIFICATES. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or
certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such
issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal
representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

Section 4. TRANSFERS OF STOCK. Upon surrender to the corporation, or the transfer agent of the corporation, of a certificate for shares duly
endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction
upon its books.

Section 5. FIXED RECORD DATE. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of the
stockholders, or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose
of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders
of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. In order that the corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date which shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is
adopted by the Board of Directors.

10

Section 6. REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS. The corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in
fact thereof and accordingly shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim or interest in such share on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, save as expressly provided by the laws
of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE VII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. DIVIDENDS. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any,
may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 2. PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS; DIRECTORS DUTIES. Before payment of any dividend there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation
available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the
corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the directors may abolish any such reserve.

Section 3. CHECKS. All checks or demands for money and notes of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers as the Board of
Directors may from time to time designate.

Section 4. FISCAL YEAR. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 5. CORPORATE SEAL. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation, the year of its organization and the words
Corporate Seal, Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

Section 6. MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE. Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these Bylaws, notice
is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his address as it appears on the records of the
corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Notice to directors may also be given by telegram.

Section 7. WAIVER OF NOTICE. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation
or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto.

11

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENTS

AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS OR STOCKHOLDERS. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed or new Bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the
Board of Directors, when such power is conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of
Directors. If the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws is conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation it shall not divest or limit the power of the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.

* * * * *

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20042046_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

BARNES

860.583.7070 | info@onebarnes.com

onebarnes.com

Apollo Funds Complete Acquisition of Barnes Group

January 27, 2025

BRISTOL, Conn. and NEW YORK-- Barnes Group Inc. (NYSE: B) (Barnes or the Company), a global provider of highly engineered products, differentiated industrial
technologies and innovative solutions, and Apollo (NYSE: APO) today announced that funds managed by affiliates of Apollo (the "Apollo Funds") have completed the previously announced acquisition of Barnes in an all-cash transaction with a total
enterprise value of approximately $3.6 billion. 

We are pleased to announce the completion of our transaction with Apollo Funds, which opens the door to the next phase in Barnes evolution, said Thomas J. Hook,
President and Chief Executive Officer of Barnes. Under Apollo Funds ownership, we are well positioned to accelerate our transformation strategy, enhance our capabilities and broaden our product offerings to create new opportunities for increased
growth and innovation. 

We are excited to reach this milestone with the Barnes team and for the tremendous opportunity to accelerate the growth of the Companys strong portfolio of businesses
across the aerospace and industrial sectors, said Antoine Munfakh, Partner at Apollo. Barnes has a proud legacy of innovation, close customer relationships and is uniquely positioned to benefit from robust aerospace demand trends. We look forward
to partnering with the Barnes team to help them continue to solve their customers most complex challenges.

The transaction was announced on October 7, 2024, and approved by Barnes shareholders at the Companys Special Meeting of Shareholders on January 9, 2025. Under the terms
of the agreement, Barnes shareholders will receive $47.50 per share in cash. With the completion of the acquisition, Barnes common stock has ceased trading and will be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange. 

Advisors

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Jefferies LLC are serving as financial advisors and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is serving as legal counsel to Barnes. Latham &
Watkins LLP and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP are serving as legal counsel to Apollo Funds.

123 Main Street, Bristol, CT 06010-6376 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements often contain words such as
anticipate, believe, expect, plan, estimate, project, continue, will, should, may, and similar terms. These forward-looking statements do not constitute guarantees of future performance and are subject to a variety of risks and
uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In addition, we have based some of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events
that may prove to be inaccurate. Such factors, risks and uncertainties include: (1) risks related to disruption of managements attention from Barnes ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction; (2) the effect of the announcement of
the proposed transaction on the ability of Barnes to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business, or on its operating results and business generally; (3) the impacts
resulting from the conflict in Ukraine, the Middle East or any other geopolitical tensions; and (4) the impacts of any pandemics, epidemics or infectious disease outbreaks.

For additional information and detailed discussion of these risks, uncertainties, and other potential factors that could affect our business and performance and cause
actual results or outcomes to differ materially from the results, performance or achievements addressed in our forward-looking statements is included in our other filings with the SEC, including in the Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of our most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and subsequent filings. Barnes assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements, which speak as
of their respective dates, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

About BARNES

Barnes Group Inc. (NYSE: B) leverages world-class manufacturing capabilities and market-leading engineering to develop advanced processes, automation solutions, and applied
technologies for industries ranging from aerospace and medical & personal care to mobility and packaging. With a celebrated legacy of pioneering excellence, Barnes delivers exceptional value to customers through advanced manufacturing
capabilities and cutting-edge industrial technologies. Barnes Aerospace specializes in the production and servicing of intricate fabricated and precision-machined components for both commercial and military turbine engines, nacelles, and airframes.
Barnes Industrial excels in advancing the processing, control, and sustainability of engineered plastics and delivering innovative, custom-tailored solutions for industrial automation and metal forming applications. Established in 1857 and
headquartered in Bristol, Connecticut, USA, the Company has manufacturing and support operations around the globe. For more information, visit please visit www.onebarnes.com.

About Apollo

Apollo is a high-growth, global alternative asset manager. In our asset management business, we seek to provide our clients excess return at every point along the
risk-reward spectrum from investment grade credit to private equity. For more than three decades, our investing expertise across our fully integrated platform has served the financial return needs of our clients and provided businesses with
innovative capital solutions for growth. Through Athene, our retirement services business, we specialize in helping clients achieve financial security by providing a suite of retirement savings products and acting as a solutions provider to
institutions. Our patient, creative, and knowledgeable approach to investing aligns our clients, businesses we invest in, our employees, and the communities we impact, to expand opportunity and achieve positive outcomes. As of September 30, 2024,
Apollo had approximately $733 billion of assets under management. To learn more, please visit www.apollo.com.

2

Contacts

Barnes Contact

Media and Investors

William Pitts

Vice President Investor Relations

(860) 973-2144

wpitts@onebarnes.com

Apollo Contacts

Noah Gunn

Global Head of Investor Relations

Apollo Global Management, Inc.

(212) 822-0540

IR@apollo.com

Joanna Rose

Global Head of Corporate Communications

Apollo Global Management, Inc.

(212) 822-0491

Communications@apollo.com

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>b-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>b-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>b-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image00001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image00002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image00003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 1-4801

Entity Registrant Name BARNES GROUP INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000009984

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 06-0247840

Entity Address, Address Line One 123 Main Street

Entity Address, City or Town Bristol

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06010

City Area Code 860

Local Phone Number 583-7070

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://bginc.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

b-20250127.xsd 
b-20250127_lab.xml 
b-20250127_pre.xml 
ef20042046_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-001965-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ef20042046_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000009984 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

false 
--12-31 
0000009984 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
BARNES GROUP INC. 
DE 
1-4801 
06-0247840 
123 Main Street 
Bristol 
CT 
06010 
860 
583-7070 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
B 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>