<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-032132.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-032132.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415163015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-032132
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bit Digital, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001710350
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38421
		FILM NUMBER:		25839940

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 HUDSON YARDS, FLOOR 11
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-463-5121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 HUDSON YARDS, FLOOR 11
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golden Bull Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170626
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238042-8k_bitdigital.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171035000017103502025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) April
10, 2025

BIT DIGITAL, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-38421 98-1606989

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

31 Hudson Yards, Floor 11, New York, NY 10001

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code (212) 463-5121

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered

Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value BTBT Nasdaq Capital Market

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13a-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On April 11, 2025, Bit Digital, Inc. (the Company)
announced that through an affiliate of its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary Enovum Data Centers Corp. (Enovum), it has secured
the rights to a new data center site in Saint-Jrme, Qubec (MTL-3), which is under development and
will support the previously announced 5MW colocation agreement with Cerebras Systems (Cerebras), a leader in generative
AI infrastructure. The facility is being retrofitted to Tier 3 standards, with development costs expected to total approximately CAD $55
million (approximately USD $40MM), and a targeted go-live date of July 2025.

The facility spans approximately 202,000 square feet
on 7.7 acres and is being developed to support current contracted capacity, with future expansion potential subject to utility approvals
(the Property). The transaction was executed under a lease-to-own structure, (the MTL-3 Lease Agreement).
The lease term is 20 years, with two 5-year extension options. The annual base rent ranges from approximately $2.4 million for year 1
to approximately $3.8 million for year 20. In addition to the base rent, tenant is bound to pay additional rent, including real estate
taxes, insurance costs, business taxes and other sums pursuant to the agreement. The lease includes a fixed-price purchase option exercisable
at any time within 12 months, for a purchase price of $24,240,000.

Enovum may cease operating and occupying the Property
at any time during the term of the lease, and such in and of itself will not constitute a Default, provided however that tenant: (i) 
will remain obligated to fulfill all of the terms of lease on the part of tenant (including the payment of all rent due); (ii) will, as
soon as reasonably possible, notify landlord in writing that it intends to cease operating and occupying the Property and the period for
which it intends to so do; and (iii) comply, at its sole cost with all requirements imposed by tenants insurance company and/or
landlords insurance company resulting from tenants election to cease operating and occupying the Property.

The agreement also provides standard provisions related
to use of the property, improvement and alterations of the property by tenant, right of landlords inspection and access, sublease
and assignments, destruction of property as well as representations and warranties by each party, indemnification and events of tenants
default. In case of default which has not been cured within the applicable cure period, landlord will have those rights and remedies available
to it at law, including the right to claim damages. In addition, at the option of landlord, the lease may be ipso facto terminated without
judicial proceedings or arbitration, and landlord, to the extent permitted by Law, may immediately enter and repossess the Property and
expel all persons from the Property and may take possession of all property from the Property and store (but not sell) it in a public
warehouse or elsewhere at the cost of tenant.

Enovum is also obligated to obtain an irrevocable
letter of credit issued by a Canadian chartered bank or other Canadian financial institution acceptable to landlord, in the amount of
$3,000,000.00, as guarantee of payment and performance obligations.

The foregoing summary of the MTL-3 Lease Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by the MTL-3 Lease agreement dated April 10, 2025, attached
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Additionally, a press release dated
April 11, 2025 announcing the transaction is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit 99.1 is being
furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor
shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly
set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Number Description

10,1 MTL-3 Lease agreement dated April 10, 2025.

99.1 Press release dated April 11, 2025, entitled Bit Digital, Inc. Secures Site for New Tier 3 Data Center to Support Cerebras Colocation Contract.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

Date: April 15, 2025 Bit Digital, Inc.

(Registrant)

By: /s/ Sam Tabar

Name: Sam Tabar

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023804201ex10-1_bitdigital.htm
<DESCRIPTION>MTL-3 LEASE AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 10, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

LEASE
AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO ON APRIL 10, 2025 (the Lease).

BETWEEN: 9523-9984 QUBEC INC., legal person duly constituted under the laws of the Province of Qubec,
having its head office at 200-1170 place du Frre-Andr, Montral, Province of Qubec, H3B 3C6, represented
by William Lande, its President, Secretary and Treasurer, duly authorized as he so declares;

(the Landlord)

AND: SOCIT EN COMMANDITE EDC SAINT-JRME / EDC SAINT-JRME LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, a limited partnership duly constituted under the laws of the Province of Qubec, having its head office at D-3195
chemin Bedford, Montral, Province of Qubec, H3S 1G3, herein acting and represented by its general partner COMMANDIT
ENOVUM SAINT-JEROME INC. / ENOVUM SAINT-JEROME GP INC., a corporation incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations
Act, having its head office at D-3195 chemin Bedford, Montral, Province of Qubec, H3S 1G3, herein acting and represented
by Billy Krassakopoulos, its President, duly authorized as he so declares;

(the Tenant)

(the Landlord and the
Tenant hereinafter collectively the parties and each a party)

AND TO WHICH

INTERVENES: ENOVUM DATA CENTERS CORP., a legal person duly constituted under the laws of Canada, having its
head office at D-3195 chemin Bedford, Montral, Province of Qubec, H3S 1G3, herein acting and represented by Billy Krassakopoulos,
its President, duly authorized as he so declares;

(the Guarantor)

PREAMBLE

WHEREAS on December
31, 2024, the Landlord entered into an agreement of purchase and sale with Rayonese Textile Inc. (the Vendor) to
acquire the Property described in this Lease (the APS);

WHEREAS the Tenant
acknowledges that, as of the date of execution of this Lease, the Landlord is not the owner of the Property;

WHEREAS the Tenant
acknowledges that the Landlord will assign its right, title and interest in and to the APS to a Purchasing Entity, such that the Purchasing
Entity acquires the Property on Closing;

WHEREAS the Landlord
acknowledges that the Purchasing Entity shall assume this Lease on or prior to Closing;

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

WHEREAS this Lease
is conditional upon the closing of the acquisition of the Property by the Landlord or the Purchasing Entity in accordance with the terms
of such APS (the Closing);

WHEREAS all conditions
to Closing have been (or will be immediately following the execution of this Lease) satisfied or irrevocably waived (other than those
conditions to Closing that by their nature can only be satisfied at Closing), the Landlord has delivered (or will deliver immediately
following the execution of this Lease) an Acceptance Notice (as defined in the APS) to the Vendor pursuant to the APS and the Closing
is scheduled to occur by no later than May 11, 2025;

WHEREAS the parties
nevertheless wish to enter into this Lease in anticipation of the Landlord or the Purchasing Entity acquiring the Property, the whole
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT
WITNESSES THAT in consideration of the respective covenants and agreements of the parties herein contained and for other good and
valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged by each party), the parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 Additional
Rent means all sums of money, excluding the Base Rent, GST and QST, which are required to be paid by the Tenant pursuant
to any provision of this Lease, including, without limitation, Real Estate Taxes, Insurance Costs and all other sums which may be payable
to the Landlord hereunder or reimbursable to the Landlord hereunder.

1.2 Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person which is a holding body corporate, subsidiary, associate and/or affiliate (as these
terms are defined as of the date hereof in the Canada Business Corporations Act) of such Person.

1.3 Baseline
Report has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 18.2.

1.4 Base
Building Systems means the core base building systems serving the Property, including the mechanical, electrical, plumbing,
heating, ventilation, air conditioning, fire suppression, sprinkler, security and life safety systems.

1.5 Base
Rent has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 5.1.

1.6 Broker
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 34.1.

1.7 Building
means the building erected on the Land bearing civic address 500 Monseigneur Dubois, Saint-Jrme, Qubec.

1.8 Business
Day means any day on which commercial banks in Montral, Province of Qubec are open for business, other than
a Saturday, Sunday or statutory holiday in the Province of Qubec.

1.9 Business
Taxes means, collectively, all business taxes, license fees, water taxes, sewer taxes and other like taxes, fees, charges,
rates and assessments (whether imposed on the Landlord or the Tenant) other than Real Estate Taxes that may be levied, charged, rated
or assessed against the personal property, Tenant Equipment, Tenant Movables, Leasehold Improvements, Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, occupancy
or business of the Tenant or any other occupant of the Property.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

2

1.10 Capacity
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 12.3.

1.11 Change
of Control means the direct change in the effective control or ownership of the Tenant (whether by way of transfer or issue
by sale, subscription, assignment, bequest, inheritance, operation of law or other disposition, of all or part of the shares or units
of the Tenant), as such terms are defined in the Canada Business Corporations Act.

1.12 Commencement
Date means the date of the Closing.

1.13 Commencement
Date Notice has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 19.3.

1.14 Confidential
Information means, with respect to a party, all information whatsoever relating to it, received or observed by the other party
in any way and in any form, including, without limitation, oral, written, digital, software, on other storage depositories or otherwise,
including, without limitation: (i) such partys intellectual property, (ii) the financial data information relating to such party,
including, without limitation, financial statements, financial forecasts, budgets, costs or prices, (iii) the information relating to
customers and suppliers of such party, and (iv) the financial terms of this Lease, with the exception however of all information which
has been made public without the receiving party having violated disclosure restrictions set forth herein.

1.15 Contaminants
means (i) any material or substance, including an odour, a sound or a vibration, that is listed, defined, designated, regulated or classified
as, or otherwise determined to be, hazardous, radioactive, explosive, gaseous, poisonous, flammable, toxic, corrosive, oxidizing, deleterious
or leachable or (ii) a pollutant, a substance, a contaminant or a residual material, or words of similar import, defined or regulated
under applicable Environmental Laws, (iii) including any mixture thereof and includes, without limitation, any asbestos or asbestos-containing
materials, petroleum or petroleum-containing or petroleum-derived materials, radioactive materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, lead paint
and per- or polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS).

1.16 Environmental
Laws means all Laws, regulations, by-laws, decrees, ordinances, orders, common law, directives, policies, guides, norms and
other requirements, in each case having the force of law, of a governmental authority relating in any way to the environment or pollution,
including those relating to the withdrawal, contamination and use of groundwater and surface water, to management, excavation and soil
contamination, the delivery of authorizations and permits or to inspections and surveys, remedial actions and rehabilitation in connection
with any presence, emission, discharge, emission, generation, holding, handling, labelling, abatement, management, control, monitoring,
existence, escape or disposal or threat of same of any Contaminants, or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of any Contaminants, and, notwithstanding the foregoing, includes, but is not limited to, the
Guide dintervention Protection des sols et rhabilitation des terrains contamins published by the
Qubec Ministry of the Environment, the Fight against Climate Change, Wildlife and Parks and dated May 2021, as amended from time
to time;

1.17 Environmental
Liabilities means any and all liabilities, responsibilities, losses, costs (including, without limitation, remediation, removal,
response, abatement, clean-up, investigative, mitigation and/or monitoring costs and any other related costs and expenses), other causes
of action recognized now or at any later time, damages, settlements, expenses, charges, assessments, liens, penalties, fines, pre-judgment
and post-judgment interest, reasonable attorney fees and other legal fees and administrative or judicial actions, suits, orders, claims,
notices, notice of violations, violations or proceedings, whether civil, administrative or criminal, related to any applicable Environmental
Law brought, issued or asserted by: (i) any governmental or quasi-governmental authority in relation with the presence and/or release
of a Contaminant at, to or from the Property or any other site; or (ii) a third party seeking damages for personal injury or property
damage resulting from the presence and/or release of a Contaminant at, to or from the Property.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

3

1.18 Event
of Default or Default has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 25.1.

1.19 Fair
Market Rent means an amount determined on the basis of the then prevailing market rental rate for space comparable to the Property,
without any Leasehold Improvements, and any other relevant factors for comparable buildings in the vicinity of the Property.

1.20 First
Appraisal Period has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.2.1.

1.21 Generator
means one or more battery storage systems, back-up generators, and above-ground fuel tanks, located in the Building and/or on the Property.

1.22 GST
means all goods and services tax and similar taxes payable pursuant to the Excise Tax Act (Canada).

1.23 Guarantor
means Enovum Data Center Corp.

1.24 Including
and includes mean, where the context permits, including, without limitation and includes, without
limitation, respectively.

1.25 Initial
Term means the initial term of twenty (20) Lease Years, commencing on the Commencement
Date and terminating on the day immediately before the twentieth (20th) anniversary
of the Commencement Date.

1.26 Insurance
Costs shall mean all premiums and other amounts which the Landlord may incur in effecting or maintaining insurance coverage
under the provisions of this Lease.

1.27 Land
means the immovable property known and designated as lot number six million two hundred nine thousand
three hundred thirty-two (6 209 332) of the Cadastre of Qubec, Registration Division of Terrebonne, and includes, for greater
certainty, the Outdoor Leased Premises.

1.28 Landlord
Operating Expenses means the following:

1.28.1 costs incurred by the Landlord for the repair of damage to
the Property, to the extent that the Landlord is reimbursed by insurance proceeds, subject to Section 28.4;

1.28.2 bad debts, interest and penalties for late payment or non-payment
of amounts that the Landlord is responsible to pay, except to the extent that the Tenant is obligated to make payment of any such amount
to the Landlord under this Lease and has not paid same when due;

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

4

1.28.3 costs of the Landlords employees;

1.28.4 all fines, suits, claims, demands, costs, charges and expenses
for which the Landlord is liable by reason of gross or intentional fault or breach of any obligation hereunder by Landlord or those for
whom it is responsible under applicable Laws;

1.28.5 any costs and expenses payable by the Landlord pursuant to
this Lease;

1.28.6 any costs and expenses related to the financing or refinancing
of the Property, including payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of such financing or refinancing; and

1.28.7 the cost of any work which is paid for by a Person other
than the Landlord under a warranty obligation owed to the Landlord.

1.29 Laws
means all laws, statutes, codes, rules, regulations, by-laws, orders, rulings, decrees, directives, decisions, and ordinances of any governmental
or quasi-governmental authority with jurisdiction over the Property and legal force and effect during the Term from time to time, including
without limitation those dealing with zoning, parking, access, loading facilities, landscaped areas, building construction, fire and public
health and safety and Environmental Laws.

1.30 Lease
means this lease and the schedules attached hereto, as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time.

1.31 Leasehold
Improvements means any and all fixtures, equipment, improvements, installations, alterations and additions from time to time
made, erected or installed in or to the Property by or on behalf of the Tenant during the Term, including, without limitation, any stairways,
all washroom facilities and hot water tanks, all fixed partitions, light fixtures, plumbing fixtures, all finished floors or wall-to-wall
carpeting, all water, gas and sewage facilities, all cabinets, cupboards, shelving, and all other items which cannot be removed without
damage to the Property.

1.32 Lease
Year means each consecutive 12-month period during the Term, the first of which shall commence on the Commencement Date and
end on the day immediately preceding the first anniversary of the Commencement Date, and each subsequent Lease Year shall commence on
the anniversary of the Commencement Date.

1.33 Letter
of Credit has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 32.1.

1.34 Option
to Purchase has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 37.1.

1.35 Outdoor
Leased Premises means the portion of the Property composed of the outdoor area, the whole as shown on the plan attached hereto
as Schedule A.

1.36 Permitted
Interconnection has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 9.2.

1.37 Permitted
Licensee has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 9.2.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

5

1.38 Permitted
Transferee has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 26.5.

1.39 Permitted
Use has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 9.1.

1.40 Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation, trust, unincorporated organization, governmental authority, quasi-governmental authority,
and the successors and assigns thereof or the heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives of an individual.

1.41 Property
means, collectively, the Land and the Building, the whole as shown on the plan attached hereto as Schedule A.

1.42 Purchasing
Entity means an entity jointly controlled by Jordan Aberman and/or William Lande.

1.43 QST
means all Qubec sales tax and similar taxes payable pursuant to the Act respecting the Qubec Sales Tax.

1.44 Real
Estate Taxes means, collectively, all taxes, whether they be special or general, non-residential taxes, surtaxes (including
taxes on non-residential properties), property taxes, municipal taxes, school taxes, water taxes, road taxes, taxes on services, rates
including local improvement rates, duties and assessments of tax on capital attributable to the Property that may be levied, rated, charged
or assessed against the Property and/or all equipment and facilities thereon or therein (except for any equipment, machinery, improvements
and facility of the Tenant, including the Leasehold Improvements and the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, the tax, duty and assessment for
which shall be due and payable by the Tenant alone in its entirety), and/or the Land and appurtenant Land on which the Building is situated
and/or any property on or in the Building and/or the Land owned or brought thereon, by the Landlord or the Tenant, and any and every of
their respective assignees or subtenants and their respective officers, agents, employees, servants, visitors or licensees and/or against
the Landlord or the Tenant in respect thereof, whether such taxes, surtaxes, rates, duties or assessments are charged and/or levied by
a municipal, urban community, parliamentary, school, or any other body of competent jurisdiction. If the system of real estate taxation
is altered or varied and any new tax or levy is imposed on the Property or on the revenues from the Property or on the Landlord in substitution
for or in addition to real estate taxes currently imposed on immovables in the municipality in which the Property is situated, then any
such new tax or levy will be included within the definition of Real Estate Taxes as contained in this paragraph and the provisions of
this paragraph will apply to such new tax or levy mutatis mutandis.

1.45 Renewal
Term means either one of the two (2) renewal terms for: (i) one
(1) further term of five (5) Lease Years in the case of the first renewal term, and (ii) one
(1) further term of five (5) Lease Years in the case of the second renewal term, if exercised
by the Tenant as provided in Section 6.1, and Renewal Terms means all such renewal terms.

1.46 Rent
means, collectively, the Base Rent and the Additional Rent.

1.47 Rentable
Area means the total area of the Building available for leasing, which the parties agree, for the purposes of this Lease, is
deemed to be 202,000 square feet, notwithstanding any actual measurement. For greater certainty, this figure will be used for the
purposes of calculating the Base Rent and the Additional Rent payable by the Tenant pursuant to this Lease.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

6

1.48 Rules
and Regulations has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 21.1

1.49 Second
Appraisal Period has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.2.5.

1.50 Tenant
Equipment means all equipment installed and/or housed in the Property by the Tenant, including racks, servers, computers, switch,
communications, telecommunications and internet protocol equipment, and all such or other apparatus owned, leased or hired by or on behalf
of the Tenant and located in the Property.

1.51 Tenant-Specific
Leaseholds means any Leasehold Improvements made in or to the Property by or on behalf of the Tenant, that are designed or
constructed to meet the specific operational and functional requirements of the Permitted Use which cannot be removed without damage to
the Property, namely: (i) Computer Room Air Conditioner (CRAC) systems, (ii) switchgear, (iii) Generators, (iv) computer
systems, (v) phone systems, (vi) racking, (vii) transformers, (viii) heating, ventilating and cooling equipment; (ix) HVAC systems,
electrical, mechanical, sprinkler and plumbing systems and facilities that are in addition to the Base Building Systems; (x) electrical
house service including transformer, (xi) all telephone and other communication wiring and cabling; and (xii) all electrical equipment
specific to the Tenants operations;

1.52 Tenant
Movables means all movable items, including but not limited to movable equipment and movable property in the Property relating
to the operation of the Tenants business.

1.53 Term
shall mean the Initial Term, and to the extent the Lease is renewed in accordance with Section 6.1, the Renewal Term or Renewal Terms,
as the case may be.

1.54 Third
Party Offer means a bona fide written offer to purchase all or any portion of the Property by a third party with whom
the Landlord is dealing at arms length on terms and conditions customary for a purchase and sale of a commercial property comparable
to the Property;

1.55 Transfer
means: (i) an assignment, sale, conveyance or other disposition of this Lease or of any interest thereof, whether by operation of law
or otherwise; (ii) a sublease of the Property or any part thereof; (iii) any transaction whereby the rights of the Tenant under this
Lease are transferred; (iv) any agreement by which any right of use or occupancy of any part of the Property is conferred upon another
Person; (v) any encumbrance or hypothec of this Lease or other arrangement by the Tenant under which either this Lease or the Property
become security (whether by operation of law or otherwise); (vi) a Change of Control; (vii) the sale of all or substantially all of the
Tenants assets; (viii) a merger, amalgamation, or other similar corporate reorganization involving the Tenant; and (ix) any transaction
whatsoever (including expropriation, receivership proceedings, seizure by legal process and transfer by operation of law) resulting in
a direct disposition of this Lease or the Tenants interest therein or the Property or any part thereof. For greater certainty,
any Change of Control of the Guarantor shall not constitute a Transfer.

1.56 Transferee
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 26.1.

1.57 Unamortized
Costs of Tenant-Specific Leaseholds means, at any time (the reference date), the unamortized portion of the aggregate
costs of all Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, such amortization to be calculated according to the straight-line depreciation method from the
date the applicable Tenant-Specific Leaseholds have been paid by the Tenant over the useful life of such Tenant-Specific Leaseholds.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

7

1.58 Unavoidable
Delay means any cause beyond the control of the party affected thereby which delays or prevents the performance by such party
of any obligation under this Lease and is not caused by its default or negligence and is not avoidable by the exercise of reasonable care,
including, but without limitation, a strike, lockout or other labour dispute, inability to procure labour, materials or services, power
failure, restrictive governmental laws, decrees, ordinances or regulations, riot, insurrection, sabotage, rebellion, war, epidemic, pandemic,
health emergency or act of God, but excluding lack of funds or financial inability.

1.59 Utilities
means electricity, oil, gas, power, sewage disposal, telephone, water, and all other utility services serving the Property.

1.60 Work
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 11.1.

2. CONDITION
PRECEDENT ACQUISITION OF PROPERTY

2.1 This
Lease is conditional upon the Landlord or the Purchasing Entity acquiring the Property pursuant to the APS. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Lease, no rights, obligations, covenants or representations or warranties set forth herein shall be effective or
binding on the parties hereto unless and until the Closing occurs (including, without limitation, the Tenants obligation to pay
Rent and the Tenants right to register this Lease), except for (a) the Tenants obligation to deliver the Letter of Credit
pursuant to Section 32.1, (b) the Tenants representations and warranties pursuant to Section 20, (c) the Landlords representations
and warranties pursuant to Section 19, and (d) this Section 2.1. If such acquisition does close on or before May 11, 2025, or such other
date as may be agreed in writing by the parties hereto, all rights, obligations, covenants or representations or warranties set forth
herein shall become effective and binding on the parties automatically as of and from the Commencement Date (and not retroactively). If
such acquisition does not close on or before May 11, 2025, or such other date as may be agreed in writing by the parties hereto, (A) this
Lease shall be null and void and of no force or effect, (B) neither party shall have any further rights, liabilities or obligations hereunder
nor any recourse one against the other, and (C) the Letter of Credit shall be immediately returned to the Tenant (if such Letter of Credit
has been delivered to the Landlord in accordance with Section 32). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the failure to close the acquisition
is due to the breach of the Landlords or the Purchasing Entitys (as applicable) obligations under the APS, the Tenant shall
be entitled to liquidated damages in the amount of TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($250,000.00), as the sole and exclusive remedy
of the Tenant in such circumstance, to the complete exclusion of any and all other claims, damages, indemnities, remedies, actions, or
recourses of any nature whatsoever, whether at law, in equity, or otherwise, that the Tenant may have or could have had against the Landlord
and/or the Purchasing Entity in connection with the failure to acquire the Property and the resulting nullity of this Lease. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Landlord shall employ commercially reasonable efforts to either (i) assign this Lease to the Vendor, or (ii) cause
a new lease on substantially similar terms to be entered into between the Tenant and the Vendor. In the event that either of the foregoing
options is successfully completed within THIRTY (30) days following May 11, 2025, no liquidated damages shall be payable by the Landlord
to the Tenant, and the Tenant shall have no further claim or recourse against the Landlord in connection with the failure to close the
acquisition. All conditions to Closing have been (or will be immediately following the execution of this Lease) satisfied or irrevocably
waived (other than those conditions to Closing that by their nature can only be satisfied at Closing), the Landlord has delivered (or
will deliver immediately following the execution of this Lease) an Acceptance Notice (as defined in the APS) to the Vendor pursuant to
the APS (together with a copy to the Tenant) and the Closing is scheduled to occur by no later than May 11, 2025. The Landlord shall not
extend such Closing date without the prior written consent of the Tenant. The Landlord shall assign this Lease to the Purchasing Entity
on or prior to Closing and the Purchasing Entity shall assume and perform all obligations and covenants of Landlord under
this Lease as of such assignment date. The Landlord shall not assign the APS at any time other than to the Purchasing Entity.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

8

3. DEMISE
OF THE PROPERTY

3.1 The
Landlord hereby leases to the Tenant, and the Tenant hereby leases from the Landlord, the Property in consideration of the Rent and subject
to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

3.2 The
Tenant shall have the exclusive right to use all portions of the Property, including all loading docks, the roof of the Building and all
the cooling capacity currently on-site, in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in this Lease.

3.3 The
Tenant acknowledges that it has examined the Property, conducted its due diligence with respect thereto (including data center design
and test fits, telecom viability and costs, zoning, indication of power availability and Capacity from utility supplier and environmental
reports), and accepts it in its present state and condition (the Tenant hereby declaring itself entirely satisfied therewith) on an as
is, where is basis without any representations or warranties from the Landlord, including as to the condition of the Property or
the suitability or fitness for purpose of the Property for the Tenants Permitted Use, other than as specifically set forth in the
Lease.

3.4 The
parties hereby acknowledge and agree that this Lease is a completely carefree net, net, net lease to the Landlord. Accordingly, other
than the Landlord Operating Expenses, the Landlord is not responsible for any expenses of any nature arising from or relating to the Property
or their use or occupancy, or their contents or the business carried on therein, and all costs, expenses, and obligations of every kind
and nature whatsoever relating to the Property (other than the Landlord Operating Expenses) whether or not herein referred to and whether
or not of a kind now existing or within the contemplation of the parties, shall be paid by the Tenant. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
any other provision in this Lease, the Landlord shall be responsible for all Landlord Operating Expenses.

4. TERM
OF THE LEASE

4.1 The
Landlord leases to the Tenant, and Tenant leases from Landlord, the Property for the Term unless earlier terminated as hereinafter provided.

5. BASE
RENT

5.1 The
Tenant covenants and agrees to pay to the Landlord in lawful money of Canada the following sums of base rent, plus GST and QST thereon,
payable in equal, consecutive and monthly installments, each in advance on the first (1st) day of each month during the Term
of this Lease (the Base Rent):

Lease Year Annual Rate 

per square foot of 

Rentable Area 

Annual 

Base Rent Monthly 

Instalments 

1 $ 12.00 $ 2,424,000.00 $ 202,000.00 

2 $ 12.30 $ 2,484,600.00 $ 207,050.00 

3 $ 12.61 $ 2,546,715.00 $ 212,226.25 

4 $ 12.92 $ 2,610,382.88 $ 217,531.91 

5 $ 13.25 $ 2,675,642.45 $ 222,970.20 

6 $ 13.58 $ 2,742,533.51 $ 228,544.46 

7 $ 13.92 $ 2,811,096.85 $ 234,258.07 

8 $ 14.26 $ 2,881,374.27 $ 240,114.52 

9 $ 14.62 $ 2,953,408.62 $ 246,117.39 

10 $ 14.99 $ 3,027,243.84 $ 252,270.32 

11 $ 15.36 $ 3,102,924.94 $ 258,577.08 

12 $ 15.75 $ 3,180,498.06 $ 265,041.50 

13 $ 16.14 $ 3,260,010.51 $ 271,667.54 

14 $ 16.54 $ 3,341,510.77 $ 278,459.23 

15 $ 16.96 $ 3,425,048.54 $ 285,420.71 

16 $ 17.38 $ 3,510,674.76 $ 292,556.23 

17 $ 17.81 $ 3,598,441.62 $ 299,870.14 

18 $ 18.26 $ 3,688,402.67 $ 307,366.89 

19 $ 18.72 $ 3,780,612.73 $ 315,051.06 

20 $ 19.18 $ 3,875,128.05 $ 322,927.34 

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

9

5.2 At
the Commencement Date and upon the expiry of the Term, the Landlord and the Tenant shall pro-rate, adjust and apportion all Rent payable
by the Tenant hereunder, to the extent that the Commencement Date and the expiry of the Term do not fall on the first and last day of
a calendar month respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Landlord acknowledges that there shall be no Base Rent payable by the
Tenant for the period starting as of the Commencement Date until the end of the calendar month during which such Commencement Date occurs.

5.3 The
Tenant shall pay all Rent due under this Lease by Electronic Funds Transfer. However, when requested by the Landlord, the Tenant shall
participate in a pre-authorized payment plan whereby the Landlord will be authorized to debit the Tenants bank account each month
in an amount equal to the Rent payable on a monthly basis. Within ten (10) Business Days
following Landlords demand, the Tenant shall sign a form of application and authorization to give full force and effect to the
foregoing.

6. OPTION
TO RENEW

6.1 Provided
that the Tenant is not in Default pursuant to this Lease at the relevant time and provided that Tenant has not effected any assignment
of this Lease or sublet any part of the Property, the Tenant shall have two (2) successive
and consecutive options to renew the Lease for an additional term of five (5) Lease Years
in the case of the first Renewal Term, and for an additional term of five (5) Lease Years
in the case of the second Renewal Term. Such options shall be exercised by the Tenant upon prior written notice to the Landlord given
no later than eighteen (18) months prior to the expiry of the Initial Term or of the first
Renewal Term, as the case may be. Each Renewal Term shall commence on the day immediately following the last day of the Initial Term or
the first Renewal Term, as the case may be, and shall end at midnight on the last day of the period covered by such Renewal Term, unless
sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Lease. All terms and conditions of this Lease shall apply during each Renewal
Term for which the option is validly exercised, save and except that:

6.1.1 there shall be no further option to renew or option to extend
the Lease after the expiry of the second Renewal Term;

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

10

6.1.2 for each Lease Year of the Renewal Terms, if any, the annual
Base Rent shall be an annual sum based on the Fair Market Rent, which shall in no event be less than the annual Base Rent for the preceding
Lease Year;

6.1.3 the Tenant shall accept the Property as is, where
is without any work to be performed by the Landlord; and

6.1.4 there shall be no fixturing periods, free rent periods, rental
credit, allowances or Leasehold Improvements to be effected by Landlord or other inducements whatsoever.

6.2 Prior
to the commencement of the Renewal Term, the Landlord and the Tenant shall each, in good faith, attempt to agree upon the Fair Market
Rent for the Property for the applicable Renewal Term. If the Landlord and the Tenant are unable to agree upon the Fair Market Rent within
thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of the applicable Renewal Term, the following
procedure shall be used to determine the Fair Market Rent:

6.2.1 The Fair Market Rent shall be determined by two
(2) appraisers appointed within ten (10) days following the expiration of the abovementioned
thirty (30) day negotiation period, one appointed at its own cost by the Landlord and one
appointed at its own cost by the Tenant, each of whom shall be a qualified member of the Ordre des valuateurs agrs
du Qubec. Each appraiser so appointed shall be instructed to determine independently the Fair Market Rent within thirty
(30) days of their appointment (the First Appraisal Period).

6.2.2 If only one
(1) appraiser shall have been appointed within the abovementioned 10-day appointment period, or if two
(2) appraisers shall have been so appointed but only one (1) such appraiser shall have
delivered such Fair Market Rent determination to the Landlord and the Tenant within the First Appraisal Period, then the determination
of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon the Landlord and the Tenant.

6.2.3 If two (2)
appraisers shall have been appointed and shall have made their determinations within the respective requisite periods set forth above,
and if the difference between the amounts so determined shall not exceed fifteen percent
(15%) of the lesser of such amounts, then the Fair Market Rent shall be an amount equal to fifty
percent (50%) of the sum of the amounts so determined.

6.2.4 If the difference between the amounts so determined shall
exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the lesser of such amounts, then the two
(2) appraisers shall jointly appoint a third appraiser within five (5) days following the
expiry of the First Appraisal Period.

6.2.5 The third appraiser shall determine the Fair Market Rent
within thirty (30) days of his/her appointment (the Second Appraisal Period).
The determination of the Fair Market Rent of the third appraiser shall be final and binding upon the Landlord and the Tenant, provided,
however, that if such Fair Market Rent exceeds the higher, or is less than the lower, of the two
(2) values determined by the first two (2) appraisals, or if such third determination is
not delivered to the Landlord and the Tenant within the Second Appraisal Period, then the Fair Market Rent shall be the amount equal
to fifty percent (50%) of the sum of the amounts determined by the first two
(2) appraisals. The fees of the third appraiser, if any, shall be borne equally by the Landlord and the Tenant.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

11

7. PAYMENT
OF REAL ESTATE TAXES, INSURANCE COSTS AND BUSINESS TAXES

7.1 In
addition to the Base Rent, the Tenant shall pay the Additional Rent payable hereunder which shall be subject to GST and QST (if applicable).
Unless indicated otherwise in this Lease, all Additional Rent shall be payable within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Tenant of an
invoice, statement or demand therefor from or on behalf of the Landlord.

7.2 During
the Term, the Tenant shall pay, in addition to all other amounts payable by the Tenant set out in this Lease:

(i) the Real Estate Taxes to the relevant tax authorities within
thirty (30) days following receipt from the Landlord of a copy of the tax bill, but no
later than the due date indicated on the said the invoice from the relevant tax authorities. The Landlord covenants to deliver to the
Tenant copies of all tax bills received by the Landlord with respect to the Property within five (5) Business Days following receipt
by the Landlord. In the event the Tenant fails to pay any such taxes as a result of the Landlords failure to deliver a copy of
the applicable tax bill to the Tenant, Landlord shall be liable for all penalties and interest resulting therefrom;

(ii) the Insurance Costs to the Landlord within thirty (30) days
following receipt of an invoice from the Landlord therefor (along with a copy of the invoice from the Landlords insurance company);
and

(iii) the Business Taxes directly to the relevant taxing authority
forthwith following receipt of the invoice therefrom, as further detailed in Section 13.1.

7.3 The
Tenant shall forthwith provide to the Landlord, when and if requested by the Landlord, receipts for payments made by the Tenant in respect
of the Business Taxes and the Utilities. The Tenant covenants to indemnify the Landlord against any liability in the form of penalties
or fines, including interest thereon, resulting from the Tenant's default of payment of said Business Taxes and Utilities as and when
due.

7.4 Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Lease, if Real Estate Taxes, Insurance Costs or Business Taxes in respect of the Property shall be increased
by reason of any Leasehold Improvements and/or Tenant-Specific Leaseholds made to the Property or the Tenants operations therein,
the Tenant shall pay the entire amount of such increase to the Landlord or the relevant taxing authority or insurance company (as the
case may be).

7.5 The
Landlord may, but shall have no obligation, to contest, appeal, object to or litigate the levying or imposition of Real Estate Taxes and/or
any valuation imposed with respect thereto and Landlord may settle, compromise, consent to, waive or otherwise determine in its sole discretion
all matters and things relating thereto. Any reasonable expenses incurred by the Landlord in attempting to obtain a reduction of Real
Estate Taxes shall be charged back to the Tenant as Additional Rent. The Landlord shall proceed to the requisite adjustments based on
the outcome of any such contestation.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

12

7.6 The
Tenant may, at any time and from time to time at its own cost and expense and in its own name or, whenever necessary in the name of the
Landlord (provided that the Tenant receives the prior written consent of the Landlord which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed but may be conditioned, acting reasonably) by appropriate proceedings, object to or contest the validity of the Real Estate
Taxes. The Tenant shall keep the Landlord informed on an ongoing basis of any such contestation, objection or litigation. Such objection
or contestation must be made in good faith by the Tenant. The Tenant shall be required to pay any tax or lien being so contested during
the pendency of any such proceedings, unless Tenant provides the Landlord with written confirmation from a court, quasi-judicial body
or administrative agency conducting such proceedings that payment of the tax or lien being so contested has been stayed.

7.7 If such proceedings
result in the reduction of Real Estate Taxes, the Tenant shall be entitled to all credits, rebates and/or refunds paid or issued by
the taxing authority in respect of the Term to the extent such amounts were paid by the Tenant, and the Landlord shall pay forthwith
to the Tenant such credits, rebates and/or refunds. The foregoing obligation shall survive the expiration or the termination of this
Lease. 

8. GST
& QST

8.1 In
addition to Rent, the Tenant shall pay to the Landlord all taxes imposed on the Tenant and required to be remitted by the Landlord with
respect to Rent, whether characterized as GST, QST, any other similar sales and/or services tax, value added tax or otherwise, so that
the Landlord will be fully reimbursed by the Tenant with respect to all such taxes. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease,
the amounts payable by the Tenant pursuant to this Section 8.1 shall be deemed not to be Rent, but the Landlord shall have the same recourses
in respect thereof as it has in respect of Rent payable under this Lease.

8.2 The
Tenant shall be duly registered for purposes of GST and QST effective at the Commencement Date. The Tenant shall provide the Landlord
with its GST and QST registration numbers upon registration.

8.3 The
Landlord shall be duly registered for purposes of GST and QST effective at the Commencement Date. The Landlord shall provide the Tenant
with its GST and QST registration numbers upon registration.

9. USE
OF THE Property

9.1 The
Tenant may use, occupy and conduct such operations and business on the Property for the purposes of a data center, data hosting services,
data center managed services and ancillary offices, and any other use permitted by applicable Laws (the Permitted Use).
The Permitted Use includes, but is not limited to, (i) the right for the Tenant to install, operate and maintain all Tenant Equipment
required to conduct its business on the Property and access the roof of the Building for the purpose of installing piping, wiring, HVAC
units and energy and communications related improvements, (ii) the right to install and/or use existing connections with the communications
cable and facilities of the Property so as to allow for the provision of Utilities to the Property, including without limitation, telecommunication
and internet services, and (iii) all ancillary services related to the uses described above. Notwithstanding anything contained herein,
the Tenant shall not be authorized to exercise any cryptocurrency mining activities on the Property.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

13

9.2 The
Landlord acknowledges that the Tenants business to be conducted in the Property may involve the installation of Tenant Equipment
owned by the Tenants customers or co-locators (the Permitted Licensees) in order for the Permitted Licensees
to place and maintain telecommunications and internet protocol equipment that may interconnect the Tenants facilities or the Permitted
Licensees facilities (the Permitted Interconnection) within the Property. To expedite the Permitted Licensees
access to the Property for the Permitted Interconnection, the Landlord expressly agrees that the Tenant may, without the Landlords
further consent, license portions of the Property to Permitted Licensees for the sole purpose of the Permitted Interconnection pursuant
to written agreements between Tenant and the Permitted Licensees. The Landlord agrees to also grant the Permitted Licensees access and
use of the Property, on a twenty-four (24) hours / seven
(7) days a week basis.

9.3 The
Landlord acknowledges that the Tenants Permitted Use may require the operation of condensers and the use of Generators. The Tenant
shall ensure that the operation of condensers and the use of Generators shall at all times comply with applicable Laws, including Environmental
Laws. The Tenant shall furthermore ensure that it possesses all permits, authorizations or licences required under applicable Laws for
the operation of condensers and the use of Generators and shall forthwith provide a copy of same to the Landlord within five (5) days
following a request therefor.

9.4 The
Tenant shall obtain and maintain at all times during the Term all necessary permits, certificates and licenses required for its occupancy
and carrying on of its business for the Permitted Use (including a certificate of occupancy). The Tenant shall comply with all applicable
Laws as well as all police, fire, health and sanitary regulations imposed by any governmental authorities or made by any insurers. The
Landlord makes no warranties whatsoever with respect to zoning for the Permitted Use, including permits, certificates and licenses which
may be required by the Tenant for its Permitted Use. Each of the Landlord and the Tenant hereby acknowledges that, as of the date hereof,
applicable Laws (including zoning Laws applicable to the Property) may not permit the Permitted Use, and that any zoning-related permits,
approvals or certificates required for the Permitted Use have not yet been obtained. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that in no event shall (i) the prohibition of the Permitted Use by the applicable
Laws and/or (ii) Tenants occupancy of the Property prior to obtaining such zoning-related permits and certificates constitute,
in and of itself, a breach or default by Tenant or the Landlord of its obligations under this Lease; provided,
however, that the Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Landlord from and against any and all claims, proceedings, fines,
penalties, costs, liabilities or expenses (including reasonable legal fees and disbursements) arising from a violation by the Tenant of
zoning Laws . The Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, assume the Landlords defense in connection with any such claim or
proceeding, using counsel reasonably acceptable to the Landlord.

9.5 The
Landlord and the Tenant acknowledge that no warranty whatsoever has been made by the Landlord that the Property may be used for the Permitted
Use and the Landlord has no obligation whatsoever to maintain the Property for such purpose, the whole notwithstanding Article 1854(2)
of the Civil Code of Qubec or any applicable Law to the contrary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or at
law, the Tenant shall remain liable to pay all amounts of Rent under the Lease in the event that the Permitted Use is not authorized under
applicable Laws or if the Tenant does not have all required permits, licenses and authorizations under applicable Laws to carry out the
Permitted Use.

9.6 The
Tenant may cease operating and occupying the Property at any time during the Term, and such in and of itself will not constitute a Default
under this Lease, provided however that the Tenant: (i) will remain obligated to fulfill all of the terms, conditions, covenants
and agreements contained in this Lease on the part of the Tenant to be observed or fulfilled (including the payment of all Rent due and
payable hereunder); (ii) will, as soon as reasonably possible, notify the Landlord in writing that it intends to cease operating and occupying
the Property and the period for which it intends to so do; and (iii) comply, at its sole cost with all requirements imposed by the
Tenants insurance company and/or the Landlords insurance company resulting from the Tenants election to cease operating
and occupying the Property, including taking out any additional insurance required as a result thereof.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

14

10. TENANTs
MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR OBLIGATIONS

10.1 Notwithstanding
any contrary provision of applicable Laws including, without limitation, Article 1864 of the Civil Code of Quebec, the Tenant shall
have the sole and entire management of the Property during the Term and shall therefore, at its sole cost and expense, assume full responsibility
for the management, maintenance, operation, cleaning, repair and replacement of the Property, which shall be executed and performed by
the Tenant at its sole cost and expense, as would a prudent owner, the whole subject to Section 10.7.

10.2 Accordingly,
the Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, operate and maintain the Building including all facilities, Leasehold Improvements, the
Tenant-Specific Leaseholds and the Tenant Equipment and services, both inside and outside the Building, and ensure that same are at all
times in good working good order and condition, as would a careful owner, and shall promptly make all needed repairs to the Building.
The Tenant will use the Property with prudence and diligence and will maintain the Property and all improvements thereon in first class
condition. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it shall:

10.2.1 keep the Property in a clean and sanitary condition, free
of debris, refuge and garbage, and clear of snow and ice (including the roof, galleries, platforms, stairways, sidewalks, parking area,
driveways and the loading areas of the Property);

10.2.2 protect against any damage (including freezing or bursting)
the Building and all of its equipment, including the Base Building Systems, the water, drain and gas pipes, the appliances, and the heating,
water and gas ducts and lines, toilets, water closets, sinks, washbasins and their accessories, serving the Property and keep them free
of any obstructions which may prevent them from operating freely;

10.2.3 carry out all required landscaping, including keeping the
grass well cut and shrubs trimmed and replacing the grass as and when necessary;

10.2.4 carry out all required maintenance (including oiling, cleaning
and servicing), repairs and replacements to the Property, in order to ensure it is in good working order and condition (including to
the Leasehold Improvements, the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, the Tenant Equipment, equipment, glass, plate glass, windows, doors, hardware,
wiring, conduits, piping, floors and floor coverings, ceilings, partitions, walls, fixtures, lighting, roof, Base Building Systems, water
heaters, docks, dock levelers, bumpers and dock sealer sets, garage and other doors including shipping doors, railings, stairways, driveways,
parking areas and facilities including but not limited to maintenance, repairs and replacements to all paved asphalt surfaces thereof,
line striping and directional signage) as would a prudent owner, as and when necessary or as reasonably required by the Landlord, its
hypothecary creditor and/or the Landlords insurance company; and

10.2.5 obtain and maintain valid inspection, repair and maintenance
service contracts with respect to Property (including with respect to the Base Building Systems), copies of which shall be remitted to
the Landlord as of the Commencement Date and thereafter on each anniversary thereof, in order to ensure that the Property remains at
all times in good order and condition.

All repairs and
replacements described above shall be performed in compliance with Section 11.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

15

10.3 The
Tenant shall be solely responsible for, and shall pay for the costs of all improvements required to the Property in order to pursue its
business operations, including, but not limited to, all costs of all maintenance, repair and/or replacement of any nature and kind. The
Landlord shall not be obligated or required to pay for or to make any maintenance, repair and/or replacement to said improvements made
by the Tenant to the Property during the Term.

10.4 The
Tenant shall give the Landlord prompt written notice of any material defects or damages to or in the Property or any part thereof, as
well as any actual or suspected water infiltration.

10.5 In
the event the Tenant fails to comply with the obligation to maintain, repair and replace imposed hereunder, the Landlord, after giving
written notice of five (5) Business Days to the Tenant or such longer period as may be reasonably
required in the circumstances, shall have the right to carry out such maintenance, repairs and replacements and any and all costs incurred
by the Landlord in so doing, together with a fee equal to ten percent (10%) of such costs,
shall be payable by the Tenant to the Landlord as Additional Rent upon demand.

10.6 The
Tenant shall protect from damage all the heating, ventilating and air conditioning apparatus, water, gas and drain pipes, water closets,
sinks and accessories thereof in and about the Property and keep same free from all obstructions that might prevent their free working
and give to the Landlord prompt written notice of any accident to or defects in same or any of their accessories. Any damage resulting
from misuse or failure to protect same shall be the sole responsibility of the Tenant.

10.7 If
the Landlord comes to the conclusion, acting reasonably, that the Property is experiencing undue deterioration or is not being properly
maintained, repaired or replaced in accordance with this Lease (as evidenced by inspection reports), the Landlord shall notify the Tenant
in writing describing such issues in reasonable detail. The Tenant shall have a period of ninety
(90) days from the date of such notice to rectify the identified issues. If the Tenant fails to rectify the issues within the ninety
(90) day period, the Landlord shall have the right to notify the Tenant in writing that it revokes the delegation of authority
and responsibility granted to the Tenant by Section 10.1 and takes back management of the Property, and the Tenant shall be responsible
for paying all costs incurred by the Landlord in order to bring back the Property to the condition it was required to be maintained in
conformity with this Section 10, plus an administration fee of five percent (5%) of such
costs, from the date given in the notice. As of the date Landlord takes back management of the Property as indicated in the said notice,
the maintenance, repair and replacement and obligations of the Tenant set forth in this Section 10 shall no longer be obligations of Tenant
but rather obligations of the Landlord, and all of the costs related thereto shall be charged back to the Tenant as part of operating
expenses (plus an administration fee of fifteen percent (15%) of such costs), until (i) the expiry of the Term or (ii) the Landlord determines
that the Tenant can take back management of the Property and carry out the obligations set out in Section 10, at the Landlords
sole discretion.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

16

11. IMPROVEMENTS
AND ALTERATIONS

11.1 Throughout
the Term, with respect to all improvements, alterations, constructions, additions, changes or improvements, including, but not limited
to, Leasehold Improvements, Tenant-Specific Leaseholds and Tenant Equipment required or requested by the Tenant in or to the Property
(collectively, the Work):

11.1.1 same shall be carried out at Tenants expense (it being
understood that Tenant shall be responsible to obtain all necessary permits and approvals from the appropriate public authorities prior
to commencing such Work) and may at the Tenants request, be carried out by the Landlord or under the latters coordination
and/or supervision, in which event the Tenant shall pay for the cost thereof as well as an amount equal to ten
percent (10%) of such cost on account of Landlords coordination, supervision and administration;

11.1.2 same shall be carried out in accordance with the highest
standards of quality, and shall be done by reputable contractors. All such Work shall be conditional upon such contractors: (i) performing
their work in accordance with such Rules and Regulations as the Landlord may from time to time prescribe, acting reasonably; and (ii)
carrying property damage and liability insurance satisfactory to the Landlord and providing proof thereof to the Landlord; (iii) complying
with all applicable Laws. In addition, Tenant shall ensure that no contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, architects, engineers, and
other persons or entities retained by or through Tenant in connection with any Work performed on or to the Property shall register a
legal hypothec (construction hypothec) against the Property pursuant to Articles 2724 et seq. of the Civil Code of Qubec;

11.1.3 all architectural, engineering and/or working drawings and
as-built plans prepared to comply with the Tenants requirements shall be assumed by the Tenant, and its sole cost,
including the cost of inputting such working drawings in any building computerized design records that may from time to time be maintained
as well as the foregoing fees calculated on the cost thereof;

11.1.4 same shall not require the Landlords consent, subject
however to the following:

11.1.4.1 to the extent such Work would materially affect the structure,
the building envelope (including its exterior appearance) or the Base Building Systems of the Building or which would have a material
adverse effect on the Building:

(i) the proposed Work and the plans relating thereto must be
approved in writing by a qualified engineer retained by the Tenant and submitted to the Landlord for its review and consent (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed);

(ii) the proposed Work must be carried out by contractors approved in writing by the Landlord, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld; and

(iii) the Tenant shall pay an amount equal to One percent (1%)
of the cost of such Work on account of Landlords coordination, supervision and administration;

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

17

11.1.5 no supervision, administration or coordination fees associated to any Work shall be charged to the Tenant,
unless such fees are expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of the Lease, including Section 11.1.1 and Section 11.1.4.1; and

11.1.6 same may include holes in walls and roof of the Building, but Tenant shall be obliged to conform to Section
30.5 at the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease; and

11.1.7 the Tenant shall comply with all applicable Laws in connection with the performance of any such Work,
including those that may apply from time to time as a result of any Work carried out by or on behalf of the Tenant, and the Tenant shall
be solely responsible, at its expense, for any measures required to ensure compliance with any applicable Laws, including to the extent
such compliance is made necessary as a result of any such Work carried out by or on behalf of the Tenant. The Tenant shall indemnify the
Landlord, its directors, officers, employees and agents and save them harmless from all loss, claims, actions, penalties, damages, liability
and expenses arising from or out of the foregoing.

11.2 Tenant
may install, maintain, repair, operate and replace on the roof of the Building such mechanical, electrical, plumbing, telecommunication,
heating, ventilation and air-conditioning equipment and facilities and such other systems as are required by the Tenant in the operation
of its business on the Property including but not limited to cooling equipment. For greater certainty, the Tenant shall not require the
Landlords approval (i) for upgrading the capacity of any and all Base Building Systems (Utilities, electrical, mechanical and plumbing)
as well as telecommunications equipment and infrastructure and all other Tenant Equipment required for the Tenant to operate for its Permitted
Use as such systems may exist on the Commencement Date and be modified and/or replaced during the Term with any new technology, as it
may exist from time to time, (ii) for modifying adding, replacing, removing conduits, and (iii) for accessing the roof and installing
any and all Tenant Equipment required for the operation of the Tenants business.

11.3 The
Tenant shall be permitted to increase the telecommunications service to the Property to the extent required to conduct the Tenants
business, including, but not limited to, bring additional fiber to the facility, improve the capacity of the fiber entrance to the Property
and contract with new fiber operators, or install a wholly new fiber entrance to the Property, all at the Tenants sole cost. The
Tenant shall ensure that all work is performed in compliance with this Section 11 shall be responsible for repairing any damage caused
by such work.

11.4 The
Tenant shall take all required actions in order to cause any legal hypothecs registered on title as a result of the Work to be radiated
within ten (10) Business Days following notice or knowledge of same and shall indemnify
the Landlord in connection with same. Should the Landlord be forced to take any action or measure in order to radiate legal hypothec(s)
registered on title in connection with the Work, then it is agreed that the Landlords costs, including without limitation, judicial
and extrajudicial legal fees shall be borne by the Tenant.

12. TENANTS
UTILITIES

12.1 The
Tenant agrees and acknowledges that the Landlord shall not be responsible to arrange for any public or private Utilities of any nature
(e.g., electricity, water, heat, gas and telephone) or services of any nature (including waste removal, recycling collection, cleaning,
pest control, telephone, landscaping and snow removal) to be delivered to the Property, and it shall be the sole responsibility of the
Tenant to contract for all such services to the Property directly with the relevant service providers and to pay for the costs of the
same directly to said service providers during the Term.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

18

12.2 In
light of the foregoing, the Tenant shall contract in its own name and directly with the applicable utility service company or appropriate
authorities for all Utilities and any other utilities required by the Tenant, from time to time, as the Tenant determines in its sole
and absolute discretion is required for its Permitted Use, provided that the Tenant shall have the exclusive use of all such Utilities.
The Tenant shall pay for all Utilities and all other utilities and services used on or at the Property, together with any taxes, penalties,
deposits, surcharges or the like pertaining to the Tenants use of the Property.

12.3 The
Landlord acknowledges that the Tenant intends to contract directly with Hydro-Qubec to arrange for the supply of 5 megawatts of
useable total power load to the Property (the Capacity). At the Tenants request, the Landlord will reasonably
cooperate (but without the obligation to expend any funds) with the Tenant as may be reasonably required for the Tenant to obtain, maintain,
or modify the Capacity to the Property, including cooperation in the Tenants negotiations with Hydro-Qubec.

12.4 Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Tenant shall have the right, at the Tenants cost and expense, to cause to be done
such maintenance, upgrades, repairs and replacements and to do all other acts and things as may be necessary to ensure the continuous
availability of any and all Utilities, the whole in compliance with the provisions of this Lease. For greater certainty, the Tenant shall
be solely responsible for all costs and expenses relating to the adjustment of the Capacity. Should the Tenant require at any time for
the Property an increase in the Capacity, the Tenant shall have the right to take all reasonable measures to obtain such increased Capacity
and all costs incurred directly as a result thereof shall be borne by the Tenant.

12.5 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Lease or at law: (i) in no event shall the Landlord be liable for (a) any non-availability,
interruption, reduction, or discontinuance of any Utilities, services, or systems serving the Property, except if caused by the intentional
or gross fault of the Landlord, or (b) the lack of Capacity provided to the Property, and no such non-availability, interruption, reduction,
or discontinuance or lack of Capacity shall be deemed a constructive eviction or entitle the Tenant to any abatement of Rent or other
compensation or right to terminate the Lease; and (ii) the Tenant shall remain liable to pay all amounts of Rent under the Lease
(x) notwithstanding any such non-availability, interruption, reduction, or discontinuance or (y) notwithstanding that the Capacity provided
to the Property, at any given time during the Term, is not sufficient for Tenants operations in the Property.

13. TENANTS
TAXES

13.1 The
Tenant will, during the Term, pay and discharge, without duplication, all Business Taxes whether such Business Taxes are levied and/or
charged by a municipal, urban community, parliamentary, school or any other body of competent jurisdiction, and all charges for public
utilities used within the Property and Tenant will indemnify the Landlord from the payment of all costs, charges and expenses occasioned
by such Business Taxes.

14. TENANTS
INSURANCE

14.1 The
Tenant covenants that nothing will be done nor omitted by the Tenant whereby any insurance policy may be cancelled, charged at a higher
rate or the Property and/or the Building rendered uninsurable. If anything is done in the Property which increases the insurance premiums
with respect to the Property, the Tenant shall pay any such increase in premium. In determining whether increased premiums result from
the use of the Property, a schedule issued by the Landlords insurer shall be final and binding.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

19

14.2
The Tenant shall, at its own expense, during the Term, take out and keep in force, in the names of the Tenant, the Landlord, and the hypothecary
creditor of the Landlord, when applicable, as their respective interests may appear, the following insurance, which will contain the hypothecary
creditors standard hypothec clause and will contain a waiver of any subrogation rights which the Tenants insurers may have
against the Landlord, its agents, employees and those for whom it is in law responsible:

14.2.1 all risks insurance upon all property of every description and kind owned by the Tenant
or for which the Tenant is legally liable, and which is located in the Property including Leasehold Improvements, Tenant-Specific Leaseholds,
Tenant Equipment, Tenant Movables, plate glass, furniture, equipment, as well as inventory in an amount of at least one hundred percent
(100%) of the full replacement cost, with coverage against at least the perils of fire and standard extended coverage, including sprinkler
leakages (where applicable), flood, earthquake and collapse;

14.2.2 broad form boiler and machinery insurance on a blanket repair and replacement basis with limits for each
accident in an amount of at least one hundred percent (100%) of the full replacement cost of all boilers, pressure vessels, heating and
air-conditioning equipment and miscellaneous electrical apparatus owned or operated by the Tenant or by others (other than the Landlord)
on behalf of the Tenant;

14.2.3 business interruption insurance or extra expense insurance in an amount sufficient to reimburse the Tenant
for loss of income and continuing expenses attributable to all perils referred to in this Section, including losses resulting from prevention
of access to the Property, for a period of not less than twenty-four (24) months;

14.2.4 comprehensive general liability insurance, including personal injury liability, contractual liability,
non-owned automobile liability, employers liability and owners and contractors protective insurance coverage with
respect to the Property. Such policies shall be (1) written on a comprehensive basis with inclusive limits of not less than ten million
dollars ($10,000,000.00) for bodily injury to any one or more Persons, or property damage, and such higher limits as the Landlord,
acting reasonably, requires from time to time; and (2) contain a severability of interests clause and a cross-liability clause. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, from the date of possession of the Property to expiration of the Term of the Lease, Tenant shall be bound only to take
out and maintain, instead of the comprehensive general liability insurance mentioned in this section 14.2.4, standard tenant liability
insurance;

14.2.5 Tenants all risks legal liability insurance for the actual cash value of the Property,
including loss of use thereof;

14.2.6 standard owners form automobile policy providing third party liability insurance with ten million
dollars ($10,000,000.00) inclusive limits, and accident benefits insurance, covering all licensed vehicles owned or operated by or
on behalf of the Tenant; and

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

20

14.2.7 any other insurance as the Tenant or the Landlord, acting reasonably, or the Hypothecary Creditor requires
from time to time in form, in amounts and for insurance risks against which a prudent tenant would insure.

14.3 Certificates
of insurance will be delivered to the Landlord prior to the Commencement Date, as set out in the Commencement Date Notice, and then forthwith
upon demand by the Landlord. No review or approval of any insurance certificate by the Landlord diminishes its rights or the Tenants
obligations in this Lease.

14.4 Such
insurance policies shall be contracted with insurers acceptable to the Landlord, acting reasonably, and in conformity with terms satisfactory
to the Landlord and pursuant to which the Landlord shall be the first designated insured and loss payee. The Tenant shall obtain from
its insurers a waiver for the right of subrogation of said insurers against the Landlord, its agents, employees and those for whom it
is in law responsible.

14.5 The
Tenant hereby agrees and acknowledges that the placing of such insurance policies shall in no way relieve the Tenant from any obligation
assumed under this Lease.

14.6 The
Tenant shall obtain from the insurers under such policies, undertakings to notify the Landlord in writing at least thirty
(30) days prior to any cancellation, expiration or material change thereof. Should the Tenant fail to contract or maintain the insurance
required by the present Lease, should the Tenant materially change the policy (through an endorsement or otherwise) or should the Tenant
fail to provide the insurance certificates to the Landlord, the Landlord may, following a five
(5) Day prior written notice delivered to the Tenant, contract insurance policies, for the Tenants or for its own benefit or for
both their benefits, for a period which the Landlord deems appropriate. All premiums paid by the Landlord may be recovered from the Tenant,
on demand, as Additional Rent (plus a sum equal to 15% of such cost).

14.7 Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Lease to the contrary, the Tenant hereby releases and waives any and all claims against Landlord and those
for whom the Landlord is responsible under applicable Laws with respect to occurrences which are, or which are required to be, insured
against by the Tenant hereunder.

15. LANDLORDs
INSURANCE

15.1 The
Landlord will, throughout the Term, take out and maintain, insurance in respect of the Property, in accordance with prudent insurance
practices and as may be required by the hypothecary creditor of the Landlord.

15.2 For
greater certainty, the Landlord shall not be obligated to insure the Leasehold Improvements, the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, the Tenant
Equipment or any other property of the Tenant which the Tenant may keep or maintain in the Property or any improvement which the Tenant
may make upon the Property.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

21

16. INSPECTION
AND ACCESS

16.1 The
Landlord has the following access rights to the Property, provided that the Tenant shall be entitled to have a Tenant escort present for
any such access:

16.1.1 Subject to the Landlord providing not less than three (3)
Days notice to the Tenant (except in the event of an emergency, in which event no prior notice shall be required but commercially
reasonable efforts will be used to reach the Tenants representative so as to be escorted within the Property), the Tenant will
permit the Landlord and its agents or representatives, as well as any invitees, in each case, subject to such Persons executing a confidentiality
agreement with the Tenant containing confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in Section 16.1.2, to enter
the Property during normal business hours, to examine and/or visit the Property, including to ascertain whether the Tenant is performing
its obligations and to take such steps as the Landlord may deem necessary for the safety, improvement or preservation of the Property,
at all times escorted by the Tenant. Landlord and its agents or representatives, as well as any invitees, shall use commercially reasonable
efforts not to materially disturb or interfere with the Tenants use of the Property and operation of its business during such inspections
or visits.

16.1.2 Each of the Tenant and Landlord recognizes that during the course of the Term or during any inspection
of or visit to the Property, as the case may be, each party may obtain or become aware of Confidential Information of the other party.
Each of the Tenant and Landlord acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the other party is the exclusive property of such party
and hereby agrees and undertakes: (i) to safeguard all Confidential Information of the other party in its possession, (ii) not to disclose
to any Person whatsoever the Confidential Information of the other party during the Term or thereafter, unless required by applicable
Laws, and (iii) not to use the Confidential Information of the other party to its own advantage or to the advantage of a third party or
in a manner susceptible to be harmful to the interests of party to whom such Confidential Information belongs.

16.1.3 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease, either party may disclose Confidential Information to
its lenders, investors, legal counsel, accountants, advisors, consultants, or other professional representatives, as well as to prospective
buyers, joint venture partners and hypothecary creditors of the Property, provided that (A) such recipients are subject to confidentiality
obligations that are no less protective than those set out herein, whether by contract via the Tenants non-disclosure agreement
referred to above or professional duty, and (B) each party shall remain responsible for a breach by its recipients of such confidentiality
obligations.

16.2 Following
the Landlords inspection, the Tenant shall make any repairs which the Landlord, acting reasonably, deems necessary as a result
of such examination, provided that such repairs would fall under the Tenants responsibility under this Lease.

17. Compliance
with laws

17.1 The
Tenant will not do or permit anything to be done in, upon or about the Property, or bring or keep anything therein, which will in any
way conflict with any Laws. For clarity, the foregoing obligation shall also apply, without limitation, to the operation of condensers
and the use of Generators. The Tenant covenants and agrees that it will indemnify and hold harmless the Landlord, its agents and contractors
from and against any penalty imposed for or damage arising from the breach of any such Laws by the Tenant.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

22

17.2 The
Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, comply with all applicable Laws, as the same may apply from time to time to the Property,
including the Tenants use and occupancy thereof, and shall comply with the requirements of all insurance companies having policies
of any kind whatsoever in effect covering the Building. In no event shall any flammable materials or explosives (except to the extent
required by the Tenant to carry on its business and then only as permitted by Landlords and Tenants insurers) be taken into
or maintained within the Property.

18. ENVIRONMENTAL
MATTERS

18.1 The
Landlord shall provide evidence to the Tenant, no later than 5 days following the Commencement Date, that all the obligations triggered
by the application of Section 31.51 of the Environment Quality Act (CQLR c. Q-2) have been complied with by the Landlord or the Vendor.
Furthermore, the Landlord shall deliver to the Tenant, as soon as reasonably possible following the Commencement Date, at Tenants
sole cost, a reliance letter issued in the name of the Tenant for the Baseline Report or any other environmental report received by the
Landlord.

18.2 The
Tenant will comply, and will cause those for whom the Tenant is in law responsible (including Permitted Licensees and Permitted Transferees)
to comply, with all Environmental Laws applicable to its activities on the Property. The Tenant shall not release, emit or discharge any
Contaminants in violation of Environmental Laws into the Property or the building located thereon.

18.3 During
the Term, the Landlord shall, at the Landlord's own costs, have the right to enter the Property, from time to time by sending the Tenant
a forty-eight (48) hours' prior written notice, or at any time in the case of an emergency, to conduct an environmental audit as, in its
sole discretion, it deems necessary for the purpose of satisfying itself as to compliance by the Tenant with Environmental Laws and the
Tenant shall, within a reasonable period of time and at its sole cost, take such measures to comply with Environmental Laws which are
the responsibility of the Tenant pursuant to this Lease and which the Landlord deems necessary as a result of such environmental audit,
acting reasonably and in good faith.

18.4 The
parties agree that the Phase I Environmental Site Assessment of the Property dated November 13, 2024 and the Phase II Environmental Site
Assessment of the Property dated March 17, 2025, prepared by Le
Groupe Gesfor, Poirier, Pinchin (No. 1714974-1 and 1714974-2) (together the Baseline Report) shall be indicative
and not conclusive evidence of the environmental condition of the Property at the Commencement Date

18.5 The
Tenant shall, at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Lease, or, in the case of earlier termination, within sixty (60)
days of such earlier termination, retain the services of an environmental consultant acceptable to the Landlord and Tenant, each acting
reasonably, and shall deliver to the Landlord a Phase I environmental site assessment report (and if required pursuant to the conclusions
and recommendations of the aforesaid Phase I environmental site assessment report, a Phase II environmental site assessment report), at
the Tenants sole cost and expense, which report(s) shall assess the environmental condition of the Property at the time of the
expiration or the earlier termination of this Lease (the Exit Assessment Report). The scope, limit values and specifications
to be used with respect to the Exit Assessment Report shall be similar as those used in the Baseline Report, but (i) shall take into consideration
the use of the Premises by the Tenant during the Term, including any actual or potential discharges of Contaminants on the Property, and
(ii) shall be at least as strict as those applicable for a commercial use as set forth in Environmental Laws. The parties agree to treat
the Exit Assessment Report as a conclusive determination of the environmental condition of the Property at the time of such environmental
assessment.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

23

18.6 If
the Exit Assessment Report confirms that Contaminants above the then applicable limit values are identified in, on or under the Property
as a result of:

18.6.1 the Tenants, or those for whom the Tenant is in law responsible (including Permitted Licensees
and Permitted Transferees), business, activities or operations on the Property during the Term of the Lease, taking into account the Baseline
Report, the Tenant shall promptly, at its own costs, carry out, in compliance with Environmental Laws, the rehabilitation works relating
to such presence of Contaminants, so as to render the Property in the same condition as at the Commencement Date. A report detailing the
rehabilitation works that have been carried out by the Tenant, including any other corrective measures implemented, must be given to the
Landlord.

18.6.2 in part (i) the use or occupancy of the Property by the Tenant and (ii) in part as a result of a situation
not resulting from the use or occupancy of the Property by the Tenant, taking into account the Baseline Report, the Landlord and the Tenant
shall cooperate to promptly carry out, in compliance with Environmental Laws, the rehabilitation works relating to such contamination,
so as to render the Property in the same condition as at the Commencement Date. The Tenant shall not, however, be responsible for any
costs relating to any contamination not resulting from its, or those for whom the Tenant is in law responsible (including Permitted Licensees
and Permitted Transferees), business, activities or operations on the Property during the Term of the Lease.

18.6.3 a situation not resulting from the Tenants, or those for whom the Tenant is in law responsible
(including Permitted Licensees and Permitted Transferees), business, activities or operations on the Property during the Term of the Lease,
taking into account the Baseline Report, the Landlord shall promptly carry out, in compliance with Environmental Laws, the rehabilitation
works relating to such contamination, so as to render the Property in the same condition as at the Commencement Date to the complete exoneration
of the Tenant.

18.7 The
Tenant shall indemnify and save harmless the Landlord, its directors, employees, officers, shareholders and any other Person for whom
it is or they are in law responsible, from and against all Environmental Liabilities incurred resulting from (i) any breach by the Tenant,
and/or those for whom the Tenant is in law responsible (including Permitted Licensees and Permitted Transferees), of the covenants of
the Tenant set out in this Section 18, and (ii) the presence of Contaminants in, on or under the Property, as well as any migration
of same from the Property, as a result of the Tenants, or those for whom the Tenant is in law responsible (including Permitted
Licensees and Permitted Transferees), business, activities or operations on the Property during the Term of the Lease.

18.8 The
Landlord shall indemnify and save harmless the Tenant, its directors, employees, officers, shareholders and any other Person for whom
it is or they are in law responsible, from and against all Environmental Liabilities incurred resulting (i) any breach by the Landlord
of the covenants of the Landlord set out in this Section 18, (ii) from the presence of Contaminants in, on or under the Property,
as well as any migration of same from or to the Property, in each case (a) except as solely resulting from the Tenants, or those
for whom the Tenant is in law responsible (including Permitted Licensees and Permitted Transferees), business, activities or operations
on the Property during the Term of the Lease and/or (b) prior to the Commencement Date, including, without limitation, any presence of
Contaminants identified by the Baseline Report, regardless of whether the Landlord is aware of such presence of Contaminants, and/or (iii)
the breach of any provision of any Environmental Law not caused by the Tenant. At Tenants election, any such indemnification obligations
may be satisfied by a dollar-for-dollar reduction in Rent otherwise payable by the Tenant under this Lease without prejudice to any other
right or remedy the Tenant may have.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

24

18.9 The
obligations provided in this Section 18 shall survive the expiration or the termination of this Lease.

19. LANDLORDS
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS

19.1 Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Landlord hereby represents and warrants to the Tenant as of the date of execution of this
Lease and as at the Commencement Date:

19.1.1 that as of Closing, the Landlord or the Purchasing Entity will be the beneficial owner of the Property,
free and clear of any liens, hypothecs, claims or other encumbrances that would adversely affect the Tenants use of the Property
as contemplated hereby;

19.1.2 that it has all necessary corporate authority, power and capacity to enter into and execute and deliver
this Lease and to comply with its obligations hereunder; and

19.1.3 except as set forth in Section 36 and Section 37, that no person other than the Tenant or the Purchasing
Entity under the APS (as applicable) has any written or oral agreement or option or any right or privilege (whether by Law, pre-emptive
or contractual) capable of becoming an agreement or option for the purchase or acquisition from the Landlord of all or a portion of the
Property.

19.2 The
Landlord hereby covenants in favour of the Tenant:

19.2.1 that, provided that no Event of Default has occurred which is then continuing, the Tenant and its Permitted
Licensees and invitees to which it grants access to the Property in accordance with Section 9.2, shall exclusively, quietly and peaceably
hold, possess and enjoy the Property and have access to the Property at any time during the Term, twenty-four
(24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week, subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease;

19.2.2 that the Landlord shall not have the right to relocate the Tenant during the Term

19.2.3 use commercially reasonable efforts to provide, upon written request by the Tenant, at Tenants
sole cost, a reliance letter issued in the name of the Tenant for the Baseline Report or any other environmental report received by the
Landlord; and

19.2.4 the Landlord shall cause the Purchasing Entity to remain jointly controlled by William Lande and/or Jordan
Aberman until the Commencement Date and for (1) year thereafter (it being understood and agreed that the failure of the Purchasing Entity
to be remain jointly controlled by William Lande and/or Jordan Aberman throughout such time period shall constitute a material breach
of this Lease by the Landlord or the Purchasing Entity, as applicable).

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

25

19.3 The
Landlord shall provide written notice to the Tenant five (5) Business Days prior to the date the Landlord anticipates the Closing to occur
(the Commencement Date Notice).

20. TENANTS
REPRESENTATIONS

20.1 Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Tenant hereby represents and warrants to the Landlord as of the date of execution of this
Lease and as at the Commencement Date:

20.1.1 that it has all necessary corporate authority, power and capacity to enter into and execute and deliver
this Lease and to comply with its obligations hereunder;

20.1.2 that it has the financial capacity to perform its obligations under this Lease, including the payment
of Rent and all other amounts payable hereunder, and that entering into this Lease will not result in a breach of any agreement to which
the Tenant is a party or by which it is bound; and

20.1.3 the organizational chart and the financial statements of each of the Tenant and the Guarantor provided
by the Tenant to the Landlord are true, complete and accurate, it being acknowledged by the Tenant that the Landlord has relied upon such
information for the purpose of entering into this Lease.

21. RULES
AND REGULATIONS

21.1 The
Landlord shall have the right to adopt reasonable rules and regulations from time to time for the safety, care, cleanliness and proper
administration of the Property, and for the preservation of good order therein, and the same shall be observed and respected by the Tenant
(the Rules and Regulations). Such Rules and Regulations shall not contradict any terms, covenants and conditions
of this Lease, shall not adversely affect the use of the Property by the Tenant and shall be approved by the Tenant, which approval shall
not be withheld unless Tenant reasonably determines that such Rules and Regulations will adversely affect its use of the Property or the
conduct of its business. All such Rules and Regulations shall form part of this Lease.

22. SIGNS

22.1 The
Tenant shall have the right to install, at its own cost, from time to time during the Term anywhere on the interior or the exterior of
the Property or the Building all such signage as complies with applicable Laws, subject to the compliance by the Tenant with the Rules
and Regulations and subject to the Landlords prior approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

23. INDEMNIFICATION

23.1 Notwithstanding
any provision of applicable Laws to the contrary and except as limited hereunder, the Landlord shall not be liable nor responsible for
any injury of any nature whatsoever that may be suffered or sustained by the Tenant or any employee, agent or customer of the Tenant or
any person for whom the Tenant is responsible under applicable Laws or any person the Tenant allows or tolerates to use or to have access
to the Property, including its Permitted Licensees, Permitted Transferees and invitees, or for any loss of or damage to any property suffered
or sustained by the Tenant or any employee, agent or customer of the Tenant or any person for whom the Tenant is responsible under applicable
Laws or any person the Tenant allows or tolerates to use or to have access to the Property, including its Permitted Licensees, Permitted
Transferees and invitees, or to any other person while such property is on the Property, save and except if same is caused by Landlords
intentional or gross fault.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

26

23.2 There
shall be no counter-claim, abatement from, reduction of or set-off against the Rent due hereunder for any reason whatsoever. The Tenant
shall not be entitled to damages, costs, losses or disbursements from the Landlord on account of fire, lightning, tempest or any similar
peril.

23.3 The
Landlord shall not be liable for any damage to or loss, theft, or destruction of property, or death of, or injury to, persons at any time
being on the Property, howsoever occurring, except if determined by a competent court of law to result from the Landlords intentional
or gross fault. All property of the Tenant, including Tenant Movables, Tenant Equipment and Tenant-Specific Leaseholds shall be so kept
at the risk of the Tenant only and the Tenant or any other person having access to the Property (including the Permitted Licensees, Permitted
Transferees and invitees) releases and agrees to indemnify the Landlord and save it harmless from any claims arising out of any damage
to the same, including any subrogation claims by the Tenants insurers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Tenant
hereby releases the Landlord and those for whom it is in law responsible from all losses, damages and claims of any kind in respect of
which the Tenant is required to maintain insurance or its otherwise insured, except to the extent caused by the Landlords gross
or intentional fault.

23.4 The
Tenant will indemnify the Landlord, its directors, officers, employees and agents and save them harmless from all loss, claims, actions,
damages, liability and expenses in connection with loss of life, personal injury, damage to property or any other loss or injury whatsoever
arising from or out of this Lease, or any occurrence in, on, or at the Property, or the occupancy or use by the Tenant of the Property
or any part thereof, or occasioned wholly or in part by any act or omission of the Tenant, its directors, officers, employees, agents,
contractors, invitees, licensees or any persons for whom the Tenant is responsible under applicable Laws or by any person allowed or tolerated
to use or to have access to the Property by the Tenant, including its Permitted Licensees, Permitted Transferees and invitees. However,
the Tenant is not required to indemnify the Landlord, its directors, officers, employees and/or agents or save them harmless from loss,
claims, actions, damages, liability or expenses when they arise directly from the intentional or gross fault of the Landlord. If the Landlord
shall, for any reason whatsoever other than the intentional or gross fault of the Landlord, be made a party to any litigation commenced
by or against the Tenant, then the Tenant shall protect, indemnify and hold the Landlord harmless and shall pay all reasonable expenses
and reasonable legal fees incurred (on a solicitor/client basis) or paid by the Landlord in connection with such litigation. The Tenant
shall also pay all expenses and legal fees (on a solicitor/client basis) that may be incurred or paid by the Landlord in enforcing the
terms of this Lease.

24. UNAVOIDABLE
DELAY

24.1 If
and to the extent that either the Landlord or the Tenant is unable to fulfill or is delayed or restricted in the fulfillment of any obligation
hereunder by reason of Unavoidable Delay, then either the Landlord or the Tenant, as the case may be, will, so long as such impediment
exists, be relieved from the fulfillment of and deemed not to be in Default in the performance of such covenant or obligation and any
period for the performance of such obligation shall be extended accordingly and the other party to this Lease will not be entitled to
exercise any rights or remedies as a result thereof or to receive compensation for any loss, inconvenience, nuisance or discomfort thereby
occasioned, including any resulting interference with the Tenants use or quiet enjoyment of the Property.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

27

24.2 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Lease or at law, an Unavoidable Delay shall not (i) operate to excuse the Tenant from the prompt payment
of Rent and any other payments required by this Lease nor entitle the Tenant to withhold or claim any reduction of any amount of Rent
whatsoever, (ii) be deemed to be an eviction or disturbance of the Tenants enjoyment of the Property and the occurrence thereof
shall not render the Landlord liable in damages to the Tenant, and (iii) include any delay, hindrance or prevention caused by the parties
default or act or omission, any delay, hindrance or prevention avoidable by the exercise of reasonable care by such party or any delay,
hindrance or prevention caused by lack of funds of such party.

25. EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

25.1 Without
prejudice to all of the rights and recourses available to the Landlord, each of the following shall be considered an event of default
under the terms of this Lease (each, an Event of Default or Default):

25.1.1 default in the payment of Rent or any other sum due under this Lease, as and when the same becomes due
unless such default is cured within five (5) Days of written notice to the Tenant. Upon
the occurrence of three (3) or more instances of late payments by the Tenant, no further
notice will be required in order for such default to be considered an Event of Default hereunder;

25.1.2 the Tenant and/or the Guarantor becomes bankrupt or makes or attempts to make a proposal pursuant to the
Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Tenant and/or the Guarantor takes or attempts to take the benefit of any applicable
Law in force for bankrupt or insolvent debtors or becomes involved in voluntary or involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation
proceedings (other than as part of a bona fide corporate reorganization that is not effected in connection with or as a result
of insolvency), or if a receiver is appointed for all of the business, property, affairs or revenues of the Tenant and/or the Guarantor
and the receiver is not removed within ten (10) days of his appointment;

25.1.3 the Tenant fails to promptly pay all charges incurred by it or on its behalf for any work (including Work),
materials or services supplied or done in respect of the Property and a legal hypothec, prior claim or other encumbrance is registered
against the Property or any part of it as a result of such non-payment or late payment, unless within fifteen
(15) Days of written notice to the Tenant, (i) the legal hypothec, prior claim or other encumbrance is discharged, or (ii) the Tenant
provides evidence of payment of the charges, and the legal hypothec, prior claim or other encumbrance is discharged thereafter; or

25.1.4 except where a shorter cure period is expressly provided elsewhere in this Lease, in the event that the
Tenant shall be in default in observing any of its material covenants contained in this Lease and/or performing any of its material obligations
contained in this Lease (other than a default in the payment of Rent) and such default shall continue for thirty
(30) days following written notice specifying such default to the Tenant by the Landlord, unless such default is incapable of being remedied
using commercially reasonable efforts within such period of thirty (30) days, in which case
the Tenant shall be entitled to such reasonable extension of time to remedy such default, provided that the Tenant proceeds diligently,
continuously and without interruption to cure such default, and such extension shall be for a period determined by the Landlord acting
reasonably and within the limits of feasibility;

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

28

25.1.5 the Tenant carries out a Transfer not in compliance with this Lease, unless such default is cured within
five (5) Days of written notice to the Tenant;

25.1.6 the Tenant abandons the Property (subject to the Tenants right to cease operating and occupying
the Property in accordance with Section 9.6).

25.2 The
Landlord will have those rights and remedies available to it at law, including the right to claim damages, upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default which has not been cured within the applicable cure period. In addition, in such event, at the option of the Landlord, this
Lease shall be ipso facto terminated without judicial proceedings and without having to resort to the arbitration process set out
in this Lease, and the Landlord, to the extent permitted by Law, may immediately enter and repossess the Property and expel all persons
from the Property and may take possession of all property from the Property and store (but not sell) it in a public warehouse or elsewhere
at the cost of the Tenant. The Landlord may draw on the Letter of Credit as provided in this Lease, all without service of notice, without
legal proceedings and without liability for loss or damage and wholly without prejudice to the rights of the Landlord to recover arrears
of Rent or damages for any antecedent default by the Tenant of its obligations or agreements under this Lease or of any term or condition
of this Lease, in each case, only to the extent not recovered by the Landlord from proceeds of the Letter of Credit, and wholly without
prejudice to the rights of the Landlord to recover from the Tenant any and all other damages sustained by the Landlord, including but
not limiting to, loss of Rent suffered by reason of this Lease having been prematurely terminated, it being understood and agreed that
the Landlord may not both receive proceeds of the Letter of Credit in the amount of damages sustained by the Landlord and recover additional
amounts from the Tenant for the same damages. It is further understood and agreed that at the time of such termination or at any time
thereafter the Landlord may rent the Property, without releasing the Tenant from any liability whatsoever, and that the Tenant shall be
liable for any reasonable expenses incurred by the Landlord in connection with any such reletting, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and reasonable brokers fees.

25.3 Notwithstanding
any provision hereof or any custom or applicable Law to the contrary, during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Tenant, at the
Landlords sole discretion, shall be prohibited and shall immediately cease all selling, retailing, renting or other business operation
in or from the Property and the Landlord shall be entitled to exercise any recourse available to prevent the Tenant from doing any of
the foregoing, including, without restriction, seizure and injunctive proceedings.

25.4 All
arrears of Rent and any amount paid by the Landlord on behalf of the Tenant shall bear interest at the prime rate quoted by the Bank of
Canada, in Canadian funds, plus five percent (5%) per annum, compounded monthly until paid
in full by the Tenant to the Landlord. Should the Rent be received late, a cumulative total of three
(3) times, throughout the Term, then in addition to all the other recourses resulting from such default, the Tenant will be subject
to an additional pre-determined service charge of one hundred dollars ($100.00) per occurrence
of late payment for the mere delay in the performance of its obligations.

25.5 The
Landlord and Tenant agree that the Landlord shall be in default in the event that the Landlord shall be in default in observing any of
its material covenants contained in this Lease and/or performing any of its material obligations contained in this Lease and such default
shall continue for thirty (30) days following written notice specifying such default to the Landlord by the Tenant, unless such default
is incapable of being remedied using commercially reasonable efforts within such period of thirty (30) days, in which case the Landlord
shall be entitled to such reasonable extension of time to enable such default to be remedied, the length of which shall be at the Tenants
discretion or within the limits of feasibility. Upon a default of the Landlord which has not been cured within the applicable cure periods,
the Tenant shall have the right to claim direct damages from the Landlord in connection therewith, the amount of which shall be determined
by the arbitration process in accordance with Section 38. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or at law, the Tenant shall not have
the right to terminate this Lease in the event of a default by the Landlord in observing or performing any of its covenants or obligations
under this Lease, except in the case of a material default by the Landlord, and only where such default (i) materially deprives the Tenant
of the use and enjoyment of the Premises for the Permitted Use, and (ii) remains uncured following the applicable notice and cure periods.
It is expressly agreed that this Lease is intended to be a triple net, carefree lease in favour of the Landlord, and that, save for the
limited termination right described above, the Tenants sole remedies in respect of any default by the Landlord shall be the recovery
of direct damages as set out in this Section 25.5, such damages to be determined in accordance with the arbitration process under Section
38. For the avoidance of doubt, any action or inaction by any third party (including any governmental authority, utility provider, contractor
or Person for whom the Landlord is not legally responsible) shall not, in and of itself, constitute a default of the Landlord under this
Lease or a breach of the Landlords obligations and covenants under this Lease.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

29

25.6
The obligations provided in this Section 25 shall survive the expiration or the termination of this Lease.

26. SUBLEASE
AND ASSIGNMENT

26.1 The
Tenant shall not effect a Transfer of this Lease to another Person (the Transferee) without the prior written consent
of the Landlord, which consent may be withheld or conditioned at its sole and entire discretion. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Landlord will be deemed to have acted reasonably in refusing its consent, where:

26.1.1 the Transferee does not have sufficient business experience to operate the Property for the Permitted
Use, or, in the Landlords sole opinion, acting reasonably, the financial capacity of the Transferee is not satisfactory or if there
is any material reputational risk for the Landlord as a result of such Transferee occupying the Property;

26.1.2 the Transferee is not sufficiently capable of fulfilling all of its financial obligations, including,
without limitation, the Tenants obligations under this Lease;

26.1.3 the Transferee intends to change the Permitted Use;

26.1.4 at the time of request for consent, the Tenant is in Default of any of its obligations under this Lease;

26.1.5 the request for consent to the proposed Transfer is made prior to the Commencement Date; or

26.1.6 the proposed Transfer would take place during the last eighteen
(18) months of the Term;

26.1.7 the Tenant is in Default under the terms of the Lease.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

30

The consent of the Landlord
to any such Transfer shall not constitute a waiver of this Section 26 and shall not be deemed to permit any further Transfer. Furthermore,
under no circumstances will the mere occupation of all of part of the Property, or the Landlords tolerance thereof, by a proposed
Transferee, or the payment of any amount by a proposed Transferee, or Landlords acceptance of such payment, constitute a waiver
of the Tenants obligation to obtain to consent in accordance with this Section 26.

26.2 Within
thirty (30) days following receipt of the Tenants request for a Transfer and all
information required by Section 26.3 hereof, the Landlord shall notify the Tenant in writing either:

26.2.1 that it does not grant its consent to the proposed Transfer and stating the reasons why; or

26.2.2 that it grants its consent to the proposed Transfer.

If the Landlord does not respond
within the aforementioned thirty (30) day delay, it shall be deemed to have not consented
to the proposed Transfer.

In the event of a Transfer
for which the Landlord grants its consent (or is deemed to have granted its consent), provided that the conditions in Section 26.6 are
satisfied, the Tenant and the Guarantor shall thereupon be released from all of its obligations and liabilities under this Lease.

26.3 Information
and Costs All requests for Landlords consent to a proposed Transfer must be in writing and be received at least thirty
(30) days prior to the date such Transfer is proposed to become effective and must specify in detail reasonably satisfactory to Landlord:

26.3.1 the name, address and local telephone number of the proposed Transferee and, if it is a corporation, the
names of the directors and majority shareholders;

26.3.2 details of the proposed Transferees prior business experience and the specific terms and conditions
of the proposed assignment or sublease; and

26.3.3 bank and other credit references, financial statements, articles of incorporation, letters patent and
such other information as the Landlord may reasonably require in order to assess the business and financial responsibility and standing
of the proposed Transferee.

26.4 No
Advertising The Tenant will not advertise the Property for the purpose of any Transfer without obtaining the prior written
approval of the Landlord to the proposed text, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. In no event will the rental rate or any
reference to rent appear in any such advertisement. The Tenant will not place any signs in or upon the Property advertising the availability
of the Property (or any part thereof) for Transfer without having obtained the prior written consent of the Landlord, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

26.5 Permitted
Transfer Provided that the Tenant is operating its business in the Property in accordance with the terms of this Lease and
that it is not in Default thereunder, the Tenant will have the right to sublease all or any portion of the Property and/or to Transfer
or assign the Lease to (i) any Person which is an Affiliate of the Tenant (as defined in the Canada Business Corporations Act);
or (ii) any joint venture involving the Tenant or any Affiliate of the Tenant (each, a Permitted Transferee), without
the Landlords prior consent, provided the following conditions are met:

26.5.1 a written notice is given to the Landlord within fifteen
(15) Business Days of the effective date of assignment or sublease; and

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

31

26.5.2 the Tenant provides the Landlord with all relevant and reasonable documentation and information the Landlord
may ask and that is available, demonstrating that the proposed assignee or sublessee complies with the foregoing conditions.

Only with respect to this
Section 26.5, the Landlord will not have the right to (i) recapture any portion of the Property; (ii) delay the Tenants subleasing
efforts; (iii) sublease the Property for the Tenant; or (iv) set any other conditions that may serve to interfere with the Tenants
rights to mitigate damages, or otherwise unreasonably inhibit the Tenants ability to sublease or assign the Lease.

26.6 Conditions
of Transfer All Transfers (whether to a Permitted Transferee or to a Transferee consented to by the Landlord) shall be subject
to and conditional upon the Tenant and Transferee (or Permitted Transferee) executing an agreement (based on Landlords standard
form which shall reflect the contents of this Section) with the Landlord whereby the said parties will agree that, as the case may be:

26.6.1 the Transferee (or Permitted Transferee) shall be bound by all the terms of this Lease and, except in
the case of a sublease, that the Transferee (or Permitted Transferee) shall be so bound as if it had originally executed this Lease as
tenant;

26.6.2 notwithstanding any such Transfer, in the case of a Permitted Transferee only, the Tenant and the Guarantor
shall be solidarily liable with the Transferee, without benefit of division or discussion, for the performance of all Tenants obligations
under this Lease and shall not be released therefrom until the expiry of the Term, the whole notwithstanding any legislation to the contrary,
including, without limitation, Article 1873 of the Civil Code of Qubec, and without novation or derogation of any kind,
and without the exception of subrogation under the provisions of Article 1531 of the Civil Code of Qubec or any similar
or succeeding legislation; and

26.6.3 Tenant shall pay to the Landlord, concurrently with the information required hereunder relating to the
proposed Transfer, a certified cheque in the amount of two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500.00), plus applicable GST and QST, on
account of the Landlords administrative and legal costs to review and/or prepare the Transfer document referred to in Section 26.6;
and

26.6.4 except in the case of a Permitted Transferee, Landlord may request additional security (including a guarantor,
letter of credit, prepaid rent and/or security deposit) in order to guarantee the fulfillment of the obligations and covenants of the
Tenant under the Lease, in which case Tenant must abide by such requests as a condition to the proposed Transfer.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

32

26.7 Any
Change of Control shall be deemed to be a Transfer and subject to all of the provisions of this Section 26. The Tenant shall promptly
give notice to the Landlord of any proposed Change of Control.

27. LANDLORDS
ASSIGNMENT

27.1 The
Landlord may assign its rights under this Lease to a lending institution as collateral security and in the event that such an assignment
is given following notification to the Tenant, it is expressly agreed that this Lease shall not be canceled or modified for any reason
whatsoever without the consent in writing of such lending institution, other than in accordance with the terms of this Lease.

27.2 This
Lease and all rights of the Tenant hereunder shall be subject and subordinate at all times to any and all mortgages, hypothecs or trust
deeds of hypothec, mortgage and pledge affecting the Property which may at any time be executed and any and all extensions and renewals
thereof and substitutions therefore. The Tenant agrees to execute any instrument which the Landlord may deem necessary or desirable to
evidence the subordination of this Lease to any or all such mortgages, hypothecs or trust deeds of hypothec, mortgage and pledge. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Landlord agrees that it will not cause any matter to be registered against title to the Property subsequent to the
date of execution of this Lease which would interfere with the Permitted Use, or otherwise materially change the Tenants obligations
or rights hereunder.

27.3 So
long as Tenant is not in default (beyond any period given Tenant in the Lease to cure such default) in the payment of Rent or in the performance
of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of the Lease on Tenants part to be performed, (i) Tenants possession of the
Property and Tenants rights and privileges under the Lease, or any extensions or renewals thereof, or expansions into additional
space within the Property which may be effected in accordance with the terms of the Lease, shall not be diminished or interfered with
by any financing source of the Landlord in the exercise of any of its rights under any financing, (ii) Tenants occupancy of the
Property or any such expansion space shall not be disturbed by Landlord in the exercise of any of its rights under any financing during
the Term or any such extensions or renewals thereof, and (iii) any financing source will not join Tenant as a party defendant in any action
or proceeding for the purpose of terminating Tenants interest and estate under the Lease because of any default under any financing.

27.4 The
Tenant covenants and agrees that, if by reason of a default on the part of the Landlord as tenant under any underlying emphyteutic lease
for the Land or by reason of a default under any mortgage, hypothec or trust deed of hypothec, mortgage and pledge which this Lease is
subject or subordinate to, the Landlords lease is terminated or if such hypothecary creditor or trustee, depending on the circumstances,
should legally take possession of the Property, it will attorn to the landlord under such underlying lease or the acquirer of the Property
pursuant to any action taken under any such mortgage, hypothec or trust deed of hypothec, mortgage and pledge, and will recognize such
landlord or acquirer, as the Landlord under this Lease.

27.5 The
Landlord shall, at any time and from time to time during the Term, have the right sell, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of the
whole or any part of its interest in the Property (as well as this Lease), so long as it complies with the provisions of Section 36 and
Section 37. In connection with and as a condition to any such disposition by Landlord, the Landlord shall cause the acquiring party to
agree to be bound by all the terms of this Lease and that the acquiring party shall be so bound as if it had originally executed this
lease as Landlord, and shall deliver to Tenant evidence of same, following which the Landlord shall be released from all of its covenants
under this Lease.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

33

27.6 Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Lease, the Landlord shall have the obligation to transfer or assign this Lease to the Purchasing Entity on
or prior to Closing (without triggering the Right of First Refusal provided under Section 36 or constituting a breach of, or default under,
the Option to Purchase set out in Section 37) and the Purchasing Entity shall assume and perform all obligations and covenants of Landlord
under this Lease as of the assignment date, following which the Landlord shall thereupon be released from all of its covenants, obligations
and liabilities under this Lease.

27.7 Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Lease, the Landlord shall not sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of the Property
in favour of any Person that conducts, or whose Affiliates conduct, any business that is the same as or is otherwise in competition with,
the communication services, hosting services or data center managed services business carried on from time to time by the Tenant or by
any of its Affiliates anywhere in Canada or United States.

27.8 Within
ten (10) Business Days after written request by the Landlord, the Tenant shall deliver to the Landlord a duly executed estoppel certificate
substantially in the form attached as SCHEDULE D, unless any matter is required to be disclosed as an exception to such
estoppel certificate.

28. DESTRUCTION
OF THE PROPERTY

28.1 In
the event the Property is destroyed or damaged by fire, lightning or tempest, or any of the other perils required to be insured against
under the provisions of this Lease, the Tenant shall immediately notify the Landlord in writing thereof and it is hereby expressly agreed
that if and whenever during the Term, then and in every such event:

28.1.1 If the damage or destruction is such that the Building is rendered wholly unfit for occupancy and the
damage, in the reasonable opinion of the Landlord, notice of which is to be given to the Tenant within thirty
(30) days of the occurrence of such damage or destruction:

28.1.1.1 cannot be repaired using commercial reasonable efforts within twelve
(12) months from the occurrence of such damage or destruction, then, the Tenant or Landlord may, within five
(5) days following receipt of the aforementioned notice by the Landlord, terminate this Lease by giving to the other party in writing
of such termination, in which event, this Lease shall terminate as of the date of such destruction or damage and the Rent and all other
payments for which the Tenant is liable under the terms of this Lease shall be apportioned and paid in full to the date of such destruction
or damage. In the event that the either party does not so terminate this Lease, the Landlord shall, at its sole cost and expense, repair
the Property with all reasonable diligence and the Rent shall abate from the date of the occurrence of the damage until the Property is
returned to the state it was delivered to the Tenant in on the Commencement Date; or

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

34

28.1.1.2 can be repaired using commercially reasonable efforts within twelve
(12) months of the occurrence of such damage or destruction, the Rent shall abate from the date of the occurrence of such damage
until the Property is returned to the state it was delivered to the Tenant in on the Commencement Date and the Landlord shall, at its
sole cost and expense, repair the damage with all reasonable diligence.

28.1.2 If the damage or destruction is such that the Building is rendered partially unfit for occupancy and the
damage, in the reasonable opinion of the Landlord, notice of which is to be given to the Tenant within thirty
(30) days of the occurrence of such damage or destruction:

28.1.2.1 cannot be repaired using commercial reasonable efforts within twelve
(12) months from the occurrence of such damage or destruction, then, the Tenant or Landlord may, within five
(5) days following receipt of the aforementioned notice by the Landlord, terminate this Lease by giving to the other party in writing
of such termination, in which event, this Lease shall terminate as of the date of such destruction or damage and the Rent and all other
payments for which the Tenant is liable under the terms of this Lease shall be apportioned and paid in full to the date of such destruction
or damage. In the event that the either party does not so terminate this Lease, the Landlord shall, at its sole cost and expense, repair
the Property with all reasonable diligence and the Rent shall abate from the date of the occurrence of the damage until the Property is
returned to the state it was delivered to the Tenant in on the Commencement Date; or

28.1.2.2 can be repaired using commercially reasonable efforts within twelve
(12) months of the occurrence of such damage or destruction, the Rent shall abate from the date of the occurrence of such damage
until the Property is returned to the state it was delivered to the Tenant in on the Commencement Date and the Landlord shall, at its
sole cost and expense, repair the damage with all reasonable diligence.

28.2 Tenant
shall be solely responsible, at its cost, to carry out all work required to fixture the Building for the purposes of operating its business
therein. For greater certainty, the Landlord shall have no obligation to restore any Leasehold Improvements, Tenant-Specific Leaseholds,
Tenant Equipment, trade fixtures, furnishings, equipment, or other items installed by or on behalf of the Tenant.

28.3 Nothing
in this Section shall require the Landlord: (i) to rebuild the Building in the shape or condition which existed before any such damage
or destruction so long as the Building as rebuilt will have reasonably similar facilities to those in the Building that existed prior
to such damage or destruction, having regard, however, to the age of the Building at such time;(ii) to undertake any repairs having
a cost in excess of the insurance proceeds actually received by the Landlord with respect to such damage or destruction.

28.4 Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Lease, if any damage to or destruction of the Building is caused directly or indirectly by the gross negligence
or willful misconduct or Event of Default of the Tenant (either caused by the Tenant or its employees, agents, invitees, contractors,
or anyone for whom the Tenant is legally responsible (including Permitted Licensees and Permitted Transferees)), then: (i) the Tenant
shall not be entitled to any abatement of Rent or to any rights of termination that would otherwise apply in the case of damage and destruction;
(ii) the Tenant shall be solely responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for the repair, restoration, and replacement of any affected
portions of the Building, to the satisfaction of the Landlord and in accordance with applicable Laws and the terms of this Lease; and
(iii) in the event that the Tenant is in default of its obligations to repair the Landlord shall have the right to carry out such repair
or restoration work itself and recover all related costs from the Tenant, as Additional Rent. The foregoing shall be without prejudice
to any other rights or remedies the Landlord may have under this Lease or at law, including the right to claim damages. All obligations
of the Tenant under this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

35

29. EXPROPRIATION

29.1 If
there is an expropriation of all or part of the Property under any applicable Law, and, as a result thereof, the Tenant is unable to conduct
its business operations in the Property in a manner reasonably comparable to that conducted before such expropriation, then the Tenant
may terminate this Lease by delivering to the Landlord a written notice thereof within thirty (30)
days following the expropriation, in which case the Rent shall be abated during the unexpired portion of the Term, effective on
the date of such expropriation. The Landlord and the Tenant will co-operate with each other if there is an expropriation of all or part
of the Property, so that each may receive the maximum award that it is entitled to under applicable Laws. In the event that the Property,
or any portion thereof is expropriated, the Tenant and the Landlord shall preserve each of their respective claims against the expropriating
entities.

30. EXPIRATION
OF LEASE

30.1 The
Tenant shall, at the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease, peaceably surrender and yield the Property to the Landlord,
without demand, in a good state of repair and maintenance as required pursuant to Section 10 and in a clean and broom-swept condition,
with all Leasehold Improvements, improvements and alterations (excluding the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds and Tenant Equipment) which at
any time during the Term were made, in good repair and condition, without compensation (free and clear of all leases, liens, hypothecs,
mortgages, charges, security interests and encumbrances). The Landlord may require that the whole or any part of any Leasehold Improvements,
improvements and alterations (excluding the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds and Tenant Equipment), which were not pre-approved by the Landlord,
shall be removed from the Property in which case same shall be at the cost of the Tenant and the Tenant shall repair any damage caused
by such removal, failing which the Landlord may proceed with such removal and charge back the Tenant for all costs incurred in connection
therewith plus a ten percent (10%) administration fee.

30.2 Provided
the Tenant is not in Default: (i) any and all Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, Tenant Movables and Tenant Equipment are and shall remain Tenants
property, and the Landlord has and shall have no rights or interest therein, whether or not any applicable Law or any contract deems them
to be immovable or forming part of the Property; (ii) accordingly, the Landlord hereby renounces to the benefit of its right of accession
with respect to any and all Tenant-Specific Leaseholds; and (iii) the Landlord expressly waives its right to acquire the ownership of
the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds at the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 1116
of the Civil Code of Qubec, subject to Section 30.3. The Tenant shall have the right to sell, transfer, assign or otherwise
dispose at any time of the benefit of said renunciation to the right of accession to any Transferee concurrently to any Transfer permitted
pursuant to Section 26.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

36

30.3 So
long as the Tenant is not in Default, Tenant shall have the right to remove from the Property at any time and from time to time during
the Term or at the expiry or earlier termination thereof (and Landlord shall allow the removal of), any or all Tenant Movables, Tenant
Equipment and Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, free and clear from any claims, hypothecs, prior claims or other encumbrances, provided that
the Property shall be left in a safe condition and as required pursuant to Section 30.5 (mutatis mutandis) and Tenant shall repair at
its cost all damages to the Property caused by the removal of any Tenant Movables, Tenant Equipment and Tenant-Specific Leaseholds. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if requested in writing by the Landlord, the Tenant shall be obligated to remove any or all of the foregoing, and such
removal and repair of damage shall be completed at the Tenants sole cost and no later than the expiry or earlier termination of
the Term. If the Tenant does not remove the same prior to the expiry or earlier termination of this Lease, the Tenant Movables, Tenant
Equipment and Tenant-Specific Leaseholds not removed from the Property will, at the Landlords option, automatically become the
property of the Landlord without compensation, notwithstanding Section 30.2, or be required to be removed at the cost of the Tenant plus
a ten percent (10%) administration fee and without any liability of the Landlord as a result
of such removal.

30.4 If
the Tenant is prevented by the Landlord from removing all or a portion of the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds from the Property for any reason
whatsoever other than an Event of Default of the Tenant (in which event this Section 30.4 shall not apply), the Tenant shall deliver written
notice to the Landlord identifying the Tenant-Specific Leaseholds it has been prevented from removing. If, within five (5) Business Days
following receipt of such notice, the Landlord fails to permit the Tenant to proceed with such removal, the Landlord shall immediately
pay to the Tenant the then Unamortized Costs of Tenant-Specific Leaseholds relating to those Tenant-Specific Leaseholds not removed from
the Property, as compensation for the loss of use of such Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, without limiting any other remedies granted to the
Tenant by Law or under this Lease.

30.5 The
Tenant shall, at the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease, at its sole cost and expense:

30.5.1 close all material openings in the Property due to the removal of the Tenant Movables, Tenant Equipment
and Tenant-Specific Leaseholds;

30.5.2 return the floor in the Property to a smooth and level condition; and

30.5.3 restore any damage to the structure and the Base Building Systems of the Property due to the removal of
the Tenant Movables, Tenant Equipment and Tenant-Specific Leaseholds, it being understood and agreed that any Work affecting the structure,
the building envelope (including its exterior appearance) or the Base Building Systems carried out in accordance with Section 11.1.4.1
shall not constitute damage to the structure and the Base Building Systems.

30.6 The
obligations set forth in this Section shall survive the expiration or the termination of this Lease.

30.7 The
rights and obligations of the Landlord and the Tenant in respect of obligations which arose or existed prior to or at the expiry of the
Term or other termination of this Lease shall survive such expiry or other termination. In particular and without limitation, the expiry
or other termination of this Lease shall not prejudice in any manner the Landlords rights in respect of arrears of Rent, the right
of each party to recover damages in respect of a default by the other occurring prior to or at the expiry or other termination of the
Term of this Lease or the right to indemnification of the Landlord, its directors, officers and employees (while in the ordinary course
of their employment) and agents of the Landlord, in respect of occurrences prior to or at the expiry or other termination of the Term
of this Lease.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

37

31. OVERHOLDING

31.1 Unless
the Lease is renewed in accordance with Section 6, this Lease shall terminate ipso facto without notice or demand on the date of
the expiration of the Term of this Lease and any continued occupation of the Property shall not have the effect of extending the Term
or of renewing the present Lease for any period of time, the whole notwithstanding any provisions of applicable Laws to the contrary and
the Tenant shall be presumed to occupy the Property against the will of the Landlord who shall thereupon be entitled to make use of any
and all remedies provided by applicable Laws for the expulsion of the Tenant and for damages.

31.2 If
the Tenant remains in possession of the Property after the end of the Term, or any Renewal Term, as the case may be, notwithstanding Article
1879 of the Civil Code of Quebec or any other applicable Laws to the contrary, there shall be no tacit renewal of this Lease and
the term hereby granted, and the Tenant shall be deemed to be occupying the Property as a Tenant from month-to-month at a monthly rent
payable in advance on the first (1st) day of each month equal to two hundred percent (200%) of the Additional Rent and the
Base Rent payable during the last month of the applicable Term and otherwise upon the same terms and conditions as are set forth in this
Lease, except as to duration of the Term, mutatis mutandis.

32. Letter
of credit

32.1 The
Tenant shall, by no later than two (2) days prior to the Commencement Date, as set out in the Commencement Date Notice, obtain, and deliver
evidence of same to the Landlord, an irrevocable letter of credit (the Letter of Credit), in the form provided at
SCHEDULE C, issued by a Canadian chartered bank or other Canadian financial institution of good financial standing acceptable
to the Landlord, in the amount of three million dollars ($3,000,000.00), in order to guarantee
the payment and performance by the Tenant of all of its obligations under this Lease. The Tenant shall deliver the Letter of Credit to
the Landlord on the Commencement Date. The Letter of Credit must initially come into force on the Commencement Date and be automatically
renewed annually. The Letter of Credit must be and remain in force as of the Commencement Date all the way through the whole Term, including
any Renewal Term, and at least thirty (30) days following the expiry of the Term. Failure
by the Tenant to deliver, maintain or renew the Letter of Credit in accordance with the terms of this Section 32.1 shall constitute
an immediate Default under this Lease. Provided the Tenant is not and has not been in Default, the Letter of Credit shall be reduced to
(i) two million dollars ($2,000,000.00) at the sixtieth (60th) month of the Term, and (ii) one million dollars ($1,000,000.00) at the
one hundred and twentieth (120th) month of the Term. The Letter of Credit shall include an express undertaking by the issuing bank or
financial institution to notify the Landlord in writing, with a minimum of thirty (30) days prior notice, of (i) any reason why
it may not renew or extend the Letter of Credit, or (ii) any actual or anticipated circumstance, event, or development that could adversely
affect the enforceability, availability, or validity of the Letter of Credit or any of the Landlords rights thereunder. Any failure
by the issuing institution to provide such notice shall not limit or prejudice the Landlords rights or remedies hereunder.

32.2 Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default which has not been cured within the applicable cure periods, the Landlord shall have the right
to immediately, without notice to the Tenant or any other formality, draw on the Letter of Credit so much thereof as the Landlord, in
its sole discretion, reasonably considers necessary to compensate it for any loss or damage suffered by the Landlord arising out of or
in connection with such Default.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

38

32.3 Following
the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease, the Landlord shall (i) examine the Property for damages and estimate
the cost of repair, removal and restoration or remediation thereof, and (ii) make a final account of all charges due under this Lease.
The Landlord shall have the right to immediately draw so much on the Letter of Credit as is equal to all or any portion of such estimated
cost or damage. If the Tenant is not otherwise in Default of any of its obligations under this Lease, the Letter of Credit (as annotated)
shall be returned to the Tenant.

32.4
If the Landlord draws upon the Letter of Credit in accordance with this Section, the Tenant shall, within five (5) business days following
such draw, deliver to the Landlord an amendment to the existing Letter of Credit or a replacement Letter of Credit, in a form and amount
satisfactory to the Landlord, so that the total amount available under the Letter of Credit is restored to the amount required under this
Section 32.

32.5 In
the event of a sale, transfer or assignment of this Lease or the Property by the Landlord, the Landlord may transfer such Letter of Credit
or so much thereof as shall then remain, to the purchaser, transferee or assignee and thereupon the Landlord shall be released and discharged
from any further liability in connection with such Letter of Credit.

33. NOTICES

33.1 All
notices, demands, requests, applications, approvals or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Lease shall
be in writing and shall be delivered in person, transmitted by electronic mail communication or sent by registered mail, charges prepaid,
addressed as follows:

(i) in the case of the Landlord, to:

200-1170 place du Frre-Andr 

Montral, Qubec 

H3B 3C6 

Attention: William Lande, President

Email: wlande1999@gmail.com

With a copy to: 

REID Legal Inc. 

800 Square-Victoria, Suite 2624 

Montreal, Quebec 

H3C 0B4 

Attention: Sara Reid

Email: sara@reidlegal.ca

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

39

(ii) in the case of the Tenant, to:

7300 Trans-Canada Highway 

Pointe-Claire, Quebec 

H9R 1C7 

Attention: Simon HAMELIN-CHOQUETTE

Email: shchoquette@enovumdc.com

or to such other address in
Canada as either party may, from time to time, designate in writing to the other party. Any notice shall be deemed to have been given
and received on the day on which it was delivered or transmitted (or, if such day is not a Business Day or if delivery or transmission
is made on a Business Day after 5:00 p.m. at the place of receipt, then on the next following Business Day) or, if mailed, on the third
(3rd) Business Day following the date of mailing, provided, however, that if at the time of mailing or within three
(3) Business Days thereafter there is or occurs a labour dispute or other event which might reasonably be expected to disrupt the delivery
of documents by mail, any notice hereunder shall be delivered or transmitted by means of recorded electronic communication as aforesaid.

34. BROKERAGE
COMMISSION

34.1 Landlord
and Tenant represent and warrant to each other that neither has dealt with any broker, agent or other person other than David Garcia-Cervantes
of CBRE Canada (the Broker) in connection with this Lease.
The Landlord shall pay to the Broker a maximum of $500,000.00 plus applicable taxes in brokerage commission fees, to the exoneration of
the Tenant, pursuant to a separate commission agreement. Any brokerage commission, fee or other amount payable to the Broker in
excess of such amount shall be assumed and paid by the Tenant, to the entire exoneration of the Landlord.

35. INTERVENTION

35.1 The
Guarantor, being the parent corporation of the Tenant, hereby unconditionally and irrevocably solidarily guarantees to and covenants with
the Landlord that the Tenant shall duly perform and observe each and every term and conditions of the Lease on the part of the Tenant,
including, without limitation, the payment when due of any Rent, as well as with respect to the consequences resulting from the failure
of the Tenant to satisfy the obligations, including, without restriction, all damages, interest or penalties which may be claimed as a
result of any default, whether in accordance with the terms of the Lease or otherwise (collectively referred to as the Obligations).

35.2 The
Guarantor covenants having taken cognizance of the Lease, declares itself to be entirely satisfied with its content and agrees and covenants
to be solidarily bound with the Tenant in favour of the Landlord with respect to the full and proper execution of all of the obligations
that the Tenant has agreed to execute, respect or observe under the Lease, including the Obligations. In the enforcement of its rights
hereunder the Landlord may proceed against the Guarantor as if it was the Tenant under the Lease. The Guarantor hereby renounces and waives
the benefits of division and discussion with the Tenant.

35.3 The
Guarantor hereby agrees that the Landlord may conclude any agreement or understanding with the Tenant or any other person with respect
to the Obligations, including, without restrictions, additional delays to execute an Obligation or the modification of any guarantee relating
to the Obligations, extensions of time to fulfill any of the Obligations, or the release of the Tenant or any other person to fulfill
all or any part of any Obligations. The Guarantor agrees that none of the preceding will affect or diminish the Guarantors Obligations
hereunder. Furthermore, the Guarantor hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not be released of its Obligations following a Permitted
Transfer by the Tenant, and hereby covenants and agrees to be solidarily bound with such Permitted Transferee, renouncing to the benefits
of division and discussion with such Permitted Transferee and the Tenant (whether in accordance with the terms of the Lease or otherwise).

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

40

35.4 The
Guarantor agrees that the present guarantee shall in no way terminate in the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Tenant, or the
repudiation of the Lease by the Tenant or a trustee under any provisions of any bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or the taking of possession
of the Property by a trustee or receiver of the Tenant or of its assets or by the Landlord or any third party. The Guarantor agrees that
the present guarantee shall apply with respect to damages suffered by the Landlord, and any measures taken by the Landlord to mitigate
damages upon the occurrence of an Event of Default shall in no way terminate this guarantee or prejudice any claim by the Landlord under
this guarantee.

35.5
Nothing may relieve or satisfy the Obligations of the Guarantor so long as all of the Obligations and all of the consequences of the failure
to satisfy them have not been entirely fulfilled. Without restriction, the responsibility of the Guarantor cannot be affected or diminished
by the bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of the Tenant nor by denial of responsibility, disclaimer, repudiation by proposal, or any
other measure taken by a sequestrator, liquidator, arbitrator or other officer appointed by a court or other competent body pursuant to
a law then in force with respect to bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation nor by the omission or the delay of the Landlord to institute
proceedings or to avail itself of a remedy following a default by the Tenant or the Guarantor, nor finally by any other act, omission
or occurrence which would otherwise diminish, affect or release any security or guarantee.

35.6
This guarantee is irrevocably agreed to by the Guarantor and shall continue to remain in force so long as the Obligations or unfulfilled
consequences resulting therefrom exist or may exist.

35.7 The
Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives its right to terminate this guarantee pursuant to Articles 1881, 2353, 2355, 2362, 2363, 2365, and
2366 of the Civil Code of Quebec.

35.8
The Obligations of the Guarantor shall in no way be lessened or affected by the unenforceability of any other security or guarantee, because
the formalities to perfect or complete such surety or guarantee have not been fulfilled, it being further understood and agreed by the
Guarantor that this guarantee is hereby granted, irrespective of whether or not other guarantees or surety are obtained by the Landlord.

35.9
The Guarantor shall not be entitled to claim any sum of money or exercise any recourse against the Tenant (either before or after payment
by the Guarantor) until all the obligations of the Tenant are duly fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Landlord, and even if any extension
of delay is granted to the Tenant, without the consent of the Guarantor.

35.10
This guarantee binds the successors, legal representatives and assigns of the Guarantor. This guarantee will remain in full force and
effect notwithstanding any change of name, transfer, assignment, amalgamation, merger or change of status of the Landlord, the Tenant
and/or the Guarantor, and notwithstanding any juridical acts or facts as a result of which the entity which is the creditor of any of
the Obligations is or becomes someone other than the Landlord and/or the Landlord is replaced by any other entity as a party to the Lease
and/or any party other than the Tenant becomes the debtor of any of the Obligations. Moreover, if the Landlord is replaced by any other
entity as a party to the Lease, this guarantee will remain in full force and effect even as regards Obligations arising after such replacement.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

41

35.11 The
Guarantor agrees that its obligations shall be indivisible within the meaning of Article 1520 of the Civil Code of Qubec.

35.12 The
Guarantor confirms that this guarantee shall continue to apply with respect to any Renewal Term.

36. RIGHT
OF FIRST REFUSAL

36.1 Except
as permitted pursuant to Section 27,

36.1.1 the Landlord shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of the Property other
than in strict compliance with the provisions of this Section 36 and Section 37;

36.1.2 the Landlord shall not effect, and shall cause the Purchasing Entity not to effect any change in its director
or indirect ownership of (whether by way of transfer or issue by sale, subscription, assignment, bequest, inheritance, amalgamation, operation
of law or other disposition, of all or part of the shares or units of the Landlord, the Purchasing Entity or any other their parent entities),
in each case, as a means to circumvent the Tenants Right of First Refusal; and

36.1.3 the Tenant shall have, during the Term (including any Renewal Term), the sole and exclusive right of first
refusal set out below to purchase the Property (the Right of First Refusal).

36.2 If
the Landlord receives a Third Party Offer for all or any portion of the Property which the Landlord wishes to accept, the Landlord must
send a written notice to the Tenant within five (5) days of the Landlords receipt
of the Third Party Offer, which notice shall offer to sell to the Tenant the Property subject to the Third Party Offer for the price and
upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Third Party Offer (subject to the provisions of this Section), along with a copy of the
Third Party Offer.

36.3 The
Tenant shall have the right, by written notice to the Landlord within thirty (30) days from
the date of receipt of a copy of the Third Party Offer, to:

36.3.1 deliver to the Landlord a notice that it elects to acquire the Property on the terms set forth in the
Third Party Offer (the Notice of Acceptance), it being expressly agreed that, upon delivery of the Notice of Acceptance,
a firm and binding agreement of purchase and sale shall be deemed to have been formed between the Landlord and the Tenant, on substantially
similar terms and conditions as those set forth in the Third Party Offer. The parties shall execute a notarial deed of sale before the
Tenants notary or legal counsel, as well as all other closing documents required to give effect to the sale, in accordance with
the terms and conditions set forth in the Third Party Offer. The Tenant shall be irrevocably bound to complete the transaction as stipulated
in the Third Party Offer and subject to the conditions set out therein; or

36.3.2 deliver to the Landlord a notice that it elects to not acquire the Property on the terms set forth in
the Third Party Offer, in which case the Landlord shall have the right to sell the Property to the issuer of the Third Party Offer (or
to any of its Affiliates or nominee) for the price and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Third Party Offer within one
hundred and eighty (180) days of receipt of a written notice that the Tenant has declined the Third Party Offer, provided that
such sale shall be for a price and on terms and conditions that are not materially more favourable to the purchaser than those set forth
in the Third Party Offer. For the purposes hereof, variations of the Third Party Offer shall not be considered materially more favourable
if they include a purchase price adjustment of up to ten percent (10%) (increase or decrease). If the Landlord does not complete such
sale within such one hundred and eighty (180) day period, then the provisions of this Section
36 shall again apply to any subsequent proposed sale, transfer or disposition of all or any portion of the Property.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

42

36.4 If
the Tenant fails to deliver a Notice of Acceptance within the said thirty (30) day delay, it shall be deemed to have elected to decline
the Third Party Offer and paragraph 36.3.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis.

36.5
Nothing in this Section shall restrict the Landlord from marketing the Property, submitting the Property to a formal or informal bid or
tender process, or otherwise soliciting or receiving offers from third parties for the sale of the Property, provided that the Landlord
shall first notify the Tenant in writing of such intentions. For greater certainty, the initiation or conduct of any such process, and
the receipt of expressions of interest, letters of intent, or non-binding proposals, shall not in and of itself constitute a Third Party
Offer for the purposes of this Section, and shall not give rise to any rights of first refusal on the part of the Tenant unless and until
the Landlord receives a Third Party Offer which the Landlord wishes to accept.

36.6 Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, the Landlord shall have the right to execute the Third Party Offer prior to transmitting a copy thereof to
the Tenant (as required pursuant to Section 36.2), provided that such Third Party Offer is expressly made conditional upon the Tenants
election (or deemed election) to decline the Third Party Offer in accordance with the terms set out in this Lease.

37. OPTION
TO PURCHASE

37.1 Other
than the assignment from the Landlord to the Purchasing Entity as contemplated by Section 27.6, the Tenant shall have the sole and exclusive
option, but not the obligation, to purchase the Property at any time from the Commencement Date of this Lease until December 31, 2025,
for a purchase price of twenty-four million two hundred forty thousand dollars ($24,240,000.00)
(the Option to Purchase), exclusive of GST and QST, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

37.2 To
exercise the Option to Purchase, the Tenant shall deliver a written notice (the Purchase Notice) to the Landlord
on or before the expiration of the Option to Purchase, specifying its election to purchase the Property in accordance with this Section.
Within five (5) days following transmission of the Purchase Notice, the parties shall execute a purchase and sale agreement reflecting
the terms and conditions set out in SCHEDULE B. The Tenant and the Landlord hereby agree to sign all closing documents to
give effect to the sale.

37.3 Notwithstanding
the lapse of the Option to Purchase, the Tenants rights under this Lease, including its use of the Property, shall remain unaffected.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

43

38. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION (ARBITRATION)

38.1 Except
as otherwise expressly provided for herein or in the event of any matter requiring urgent injunctive, interim, or conservatory relief, all
disputes, claims, controversies and disagreements, directly or indirectly, arising out of or relating to this Lease (including,
without limitation, any issue relating to the formation, existence, validity, enforceability, performance, interpretation or termination
of this Lease or the respective rights and obligations of the parties pursuant to this Lease), whether of a contractual
or extra-contractual nature, which have not been resolved by the parties within ten
(10) days (or such other period agreed to by the parties) following the receipt of a notice of dispute, shall be referred to and
finally resolved by arbitration before one (1) arbitrator, to the exclusion
of any courts, subject to the procedures set out in this Section 38, the award and determination of which shall be final and binding upon
the parties hereto, the whole in accordance with the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure of the Province of Qubec
and the Civil Code of Qubec. For greater certainty, the arbitrator shall have no authority to award termination of
this Lease as a remedy unless such termination is expressly permitted under the terms of this Lease.

38.2 The
place of the arbitration shall be Montral, Qubec and the governing law of the arbitration will be the Law applicable in
the Province of Qubec, including all federal laws applicable therein.

38.3 The arbitration shall
be commenced by either of the Landlord or the Tenant delivering a written notice to the other of its intention to so proceed to arbitration,
which shall contain a detailed description of the dispute, including the amount involved, the position of the party requesting the arbitration, the
remedy sought and the name of one (1) arbitrator designated by the party commencing the arbitration.

38.4 Within
twenty (20) days after receipt of a notice of arbitration, the receiving party
shall deliver a written notice to the other party containing a detailed response to the claim, the position of the receiving party, the
remedy sought and whether it accepts the arbitrator designated by the party commencing the arbitration. At any time after the commencement
of the arbitration, but no later than thirty (30) days thereafter, the parties shall appoint
the arbitrator by agreement. If the parties are unable to agree upon the arbitrator, the arbitrator shall be appointed by the Superior
Court of Qubec or the Court of Qubec, as may be competent.

38.5 Save
as required by applicable Laws, each party undertakes to keep confidential all information regarding the existence of the arbitration,
the identity of the arbitrator, all disclosures made during the arbitration, all materials or information created, used or produced for
the purpose of the arbitration, all materials and information produced for the purpose of the arbitration as well as all awards and orders
made by the arbitrator. This obligation of confidentiality extends to all materials or information created, used or produced during any
proceedings related to the arbitration, except to the extent that disclosure may be required by applicable Laws, including, without limitation,
any proceedings before the courts for injunctive relief, or proceedings to protect or pursue a legal right or enforce or challenge any
award or order made during the arbitration. Disclosure of any materials or information relating to the arbitration to advisors employed
or retained by the parties may be made only on a strictly confidential basis. The parties agree to use their best efforts to impose confidentiality
on all witnesses, including any expert witnesses, who will participate in the arbitration. The parties will not, however, be liable for
any breach of confidentiality by any witness. No award or procedural order made in the arbitration shall be published.

38.6 To
the extent that any matter relating to the conduct of the arbitration is not specified herein, such matter shall be determined by the
arbitrator.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

44

39. ADDITIONAL
provisions

39.1 Financial
Statements. During the Term, within five (5) business days following a written request from the Landlord, each of the Tenant and the
Guarantor shall provide an up-to-date organizational chart as well as: (i) up-to-date financial statements along with the most recent
audited financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP by a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants,
and (ii) a certificate executed by a senior officer or director attesting to the accuracy and completeness of such statements and confirming
that no material adverse change has occurred since the date thereof. All such information shall constitute Confidential Information.

39.2 Lease
Registration. The Tenant may register this Lease or any assignment thereof by notice in accordance with the provisions of Article
2999.1 of the Civil Code of Qubec, which notice shall not contain any of the financial terms and conditions of this Lease.
At the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease, the Tenant will, at its expense, cancel any such registration, failing
which, the Landlord may do so at the Tenants expense. For this purpose, the Tenant hereby irrevocably constitutes the Landlord
as the Tenants attorney to execute and register any cancellation documents that may be required.

39.3 Severability.
If any term, covenant or condition of this Lease or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid
or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such term, covenant or condition to Persons or circumstances other
than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby and each term, covenant or condition of this
Lease shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by Law.

39.4 Entire
Agreement. There are no covenants, promises, agreements, conditions, representations, inducements, parallel, accessory or concomitant
agreements or understandings, either oral or written, between the parties concerning this Lease, the Property or any matter related to
any of them, except those set out in this Lease. All representations, promises, guarantees and inducements made by the Landlord or its
agents or representatives, if any, and upon which the Tenant and the Guarantor have relied on, are contained in this Lease and each of
the Tenant and the Guarantor expressly acknowledges, for now and hereafter, that it has not relied on any other representation, promise,
guarantee or incitement which is not contained in this Lease. For greater certainty, this Lease cancels and supersedes any prior offer
to lease, letter of intent and any written or oral agreements or discussions between the parties with respect to the leasing of the Property,
including the letter of intent dated March 11, 2025 signed by the parties.

39.5 Amendment
to Lease. No subsequent alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Lease shall be binding upon Landlord or Tenant unless in
writing and signed by each of them.

39.6 Freely
Negotiated. The Landlord, the Tenant and the Guarantor each acknowledge and declare to have had the opportunity to consult legal counsel
in the discussion, negotiation and execution of the present Lease. The Landlord, the Tenant and the Guarantor further acknowledge and
covenant that the provisions of this Lease, including, without restriction, all schedules attached hereto and forming part hereof, have
been freely and fully discussed and negotiated and that the execution of the present Lease constitutes and is deemed to constitute full
and final proof of the foregoing. The Landlord, the Tenant and the Guarantor acknowledge and covenant to having read, examined, understood
and approved all the provisions of this Lease, including, without restriction, all schedules attached hereto and forming part hereof.
The Tenant and the Guarantor acknowledge having obtained all information useful or necessary to take an enlightened decision to execute
the present Lease.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

45

39.7 Headings.
The descriptive headings of this Lease are inserted for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this Lease.

39.8 Governing
Law. This Lease will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Qubec and the federal laws of Canada applicable
therein.

39.9 Counterparts.
This Lease and all related documents may be executed and delivered in counterparts (including, without limitation, by facsimile, e-mail
or electronic signatures), each of which shall constitute an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

39.10 Tenants
Waiver. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, and without limiting any of the Landlords rights and recourses under
this Lease or at law, the Tenant hereby waives all of its rights contained in the following Articles of the Civil Code of Qubec:
1854, 1856, 1863 (but only with respect to the right to terminate or resiliate the Lease), 1864, 1865, 1867, the second paragraph of 1868,
1870, 1871, 1873, 1879, 1881, 1883 and 2283.

39.11 Time
of the Essence. Time shall be of the essence in all respects concerning this Lease.

39.12 Partial
Payment. No payment by the Tenant or receipt by the Landlord of a lesser amount than the monthly Rent herein stipulated shall be deemed
to be other than on account of the earliest stipulated Rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any cheque or any letter accompanying
any cheque or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and the Landlord may accept such cheque or payment without prejudice
to the Landlords right to recover the balance of such Rent or pursue any other remedy provided for in this Lease.

39.13 Successors
& Assigns. The rights and liabilities created by this Lease extend to and bind the successors and assigns of the Landlord and
the permitted successors and assigns of the Tenant. No rights, however, shall enure to the benefit of any Transferee unless the provisions
of Section 26 are complied with.

39.14
No Waiver. No waiver by either party of any breach, default, or failure to perform by the other party under this Lease shall be
effective unless in writing and signed by the waiving party. No waiver shall be inferred from or implied by any failure to act or delay
in acting by a party in respect of any default or breach by the other party. Any waiver shall apply only to the specific matter waived
and shall not operate as a waiver of any future breach, default, or failure to perform.

39.15 Language.
The parties hereto have expressly required that the present Lease as well as all notices, legal proceedings or other documents made pursuant
hereto be drafted in English only. Les parties ont expressment demand que le prsent bail, ainsi que tout avis
ou autre document prpar la suite des prsentes, soit rdig en anglais seulement.

[signature page follows]

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

46

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed the foregoing
Lease on the day and year hereinbefore set forth.

9523-9984 QUBEC INC.

/s/ William
Lande

Per: William
Lande, President

SOCIT EN COMMANDITE EDC SAINT-JRME / EDCSAINT-JRME LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, herein acting and represented by its general partner COMMANDI ENOVUM SAINT-JEROME INC. / ENOVUM SAINT-JEROME GP INC.

/s/ Billy
Krassakopoulos

Per: Billy
Krassakopoulos, CEO

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has intervened to this Lease
and acknowledges its obligations under Section 35 of this Lease, and has signed on the day and year hereinbefore set forth.

ENOVUM DATA CENTER CORP.

/s/ Billy
Krassakopoulos

Per: Billy
Krassakopoulos, CEO

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

47

SCHEDULE
A

PLAN OF THE PROPERTY

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

48

SCHEDULE
B

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

This Term Sheet summarizes the
principal terms of the purchase and sale agreement (PSA) contemplated in the Lease Agreement, dated as of April ___,
2025, among 9523-9984 Quebec Inc., EDC Saint-Jrme Limited Partnership and Enovum Data Centers Corp. (the Lease).
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease.

Purchase Price $24,240,000.00, exclusive of GST and QST.

Parties 

Purchaser: Tenant or one of
its Affiliates

Seller: The Landlord

Closing Date: The closing of the transactions contemplated by the PSA (the Closing) will occur within 30 days after the completion or waiver of the Tenants due diligence.

Purchased Assets: 

All property, assets, rights,
interests, entitlements, benefits and privileges of the Landlord of any nature or kind whatsoever relating to the Property other than
the following excluded assets: the Landlords cash, insurance policies, contracts (other than Permitted Encumbrances (as defined
in Exhibit C)), computer systems, realty tax refunds, and any receivables relating to amounts owing to the Landlord under the Lease prior
to the Closing date.

The Parties acknowledge and
agree that the Lease will be terminated upon closing of the transaction contemplated by the PSA, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in the Lease.

Deposit: The Tenant shall pay a deposit in the amount of $250,000 into escrow within 3 Business Days following the date on which due diligence is completed or waived.

Due Diligence and Access 

Landlord shall make available
customary due diligence documentation that is in its possession to Tenant within 5 Business Days after the signing of the PSA.

Tenants obligation to
close the transactions contemplated by the PSA are conditional upon Tenants satisfaction with its due diligence and inspections.

Deadline for completion of due
diligence is 60 days after signing of the PSA.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

49

Confidentiality and Publicity The PSA will contain customary confidentiality obligations. Neither party may issue any press release or other public announcement without the others prior written consent, other than as required by applicable law

Conditions to Closing: 

Customary conditions to Closing
for each party: (a) accuracy of the other partys representations and warranties, (b) the other partys compliance with its
covenants and (c) no orders or pending or threatened claims or suits seeking to delay, restrict or prevent the transactions contemplated
by the PSA.

Additionally, the PSA will
contain the following conditions to Closing in favor of Tenant:

(a) a due diligence condition (as described above);

(b) no encumbrances published against the Property between signing and closing (other than customary Permitted Encumbrances); and

(c) a debt payoff letter satisfactory to Tenant (acting reasonably) which will include an undertaking to fully discharge the hypothec registered on title (the Hypothec) following receipt of the amount indicated in the letter (the Payoff Letter), which amount will be paid out of the proceeds of the Purchase Price.

Closing Deliverables 

Customary Closing deliverables,
conveyances and other documents to give effect to the proper transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Purchased Assets by the Landlord
to the Tenant to be set out in the PSA, including Landlords delivery of:

(a) a deed of sale for the Property conveying all rights, title and interest therein to the Tenant in registrable form at the Landlords expense;

(b) a bill of sale conveying moveables; and

(c) the Payoff Letter which will include an undertaking to fully discharge the Hypothec following receipt of the amount indicated in the Payoff Letter, which amount will be paid out of the proceeds of the Purchase Price.

Representations and Warranties: 

The
Landlord will make those representations and warranties set forth in Exhibit A. The Tenant will make those representations and warranties
set forth in Exhibit B.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

50

Reliance Letters 

The Tenant shall have the right
to seek out and obtain reliance letters from the firms that prepared the due diligence reports for the Landlord with respect to the Property
permitting the Landlord to rely on such reports at the Tenants sole cost and expense, including the reports set forth below:

Phase II Environmental Site
Assessment of the Property dated March 17, 2025, prepared by Le Groupe Gesfor, Poirier, Pinchin (No. 1714974-2); and

Phase I Environmental Site
Assessment of the Property dated November 13, 2024, prepared by Le Groupe Gesfor, Poirier, Pinchin (No. 1714974-1).

Upon request from
the Tenant, the Landlord shall assist the Tenant in the obtaining of such reliance letters, provided that the Landlord shall have no
responsibility if the same cannot be obtained by the Tenant.

Indemnity: 

The Landlord will indemnify
the Tenant for breaches of its representations and warranties and covenants and in respect of excluded assets and excluded liabilities.

The Tenant will indemnify the
Landlord for breaches of its representations and warranties and covenants and in respect of assumed liabilities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Landlord will be liable for breaches of its representations and warranties only if all claims made by Tenant in this regard equals
at least $50,000.

The cap on the Landlords
indemnification obligations for breaches of representations and warranties and covenants will be $2,424,000 (the Cap).

Survival of Reps and Warranties 

Representations and warranties
shall survive for 12 months after Closing, except in the event a claim is made with respect to any such representation or warranty (in
which case such representation or warranty shall survive until the claim is finally resolved).

Until the later of 12 months
after Closing and such time as all claims under the PSA are fully and finally resolved, the Landlord shall remain in existence and in
good standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation, and shall maintain a liquid net worth in an amount equal to or greater than the Cap
and shall provide evidence of same to Tenant within fifteen (15) days after written request therefor.

Third Party Claims The PSA will contain customary provisions regarding the control of the defence of third party claims.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

51

Operation Before Closing 

Until Closing, the Landlord
will operate the Property substantially the same manner as it has prior to the date hereof and, in any event, in accordance with the terms
of the existing triple net carefree Lease pursuant to which the Tenant is self-managing the Property. The Landlord shall not make capital
improvements other than in the case of emergency or in connection with disclosed capital projects, if so required pursuant to the terms
of the Lease.

The Landlord shall not enter
into any new leases with respect to any portion of the Property.

The Landlord shall terminate
all contracts (including non-arms length management or other agreements) at its expense (other than Permitted Encumbrances).

The Landlord shall assign all
warranties, guarantees and permits relating to the Property to Tenant to the extent assignable. If not assignable or require the consent
of a third party to assign, the parties will use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such consent and Landlord will cooperate
with Tenant to ensure that Tenant receives the benefit of any such unassigned warranties, guarantees or permits. The failure by Tenant
to obtain any permits will not be a condition to the Landlords obligation to close the transaction and shall not entitled Landlord
to terminate the PSA.

Damage Before Closing 

Landlord assumes risk until
Closing. Landlord shall not cause or consent to the demolition or alteration of any of the buildings, except as permitted under the Lease.

In the event of damage to the
building in excess of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) before Closing, Tenant will have the option to either (i) proceed with Closing
and collect the insurance proceeds or (ii) terminate the PSA with no further liability or obligation to either party.

In the event of damage to the
building less than or equal to One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), neither party will have a right to terminate but the Landlord shall have
right to either (i) repair such losses at its expense or (ii) credit the Tenant in the amount of the cost of repair.

Expropriation If a material portion of the Property valued in excess of $100,000 is expropriated prior to Closing, Tenant may either (a) take the damages awarded as compensation and complete the transaction or (b) not complete the transaction and terminate the PSA with no further liability or obligation to either party. 

Legal Fees / Real Estate Commission: 

Each party will be responsible
for their own fees and costs (including legal fees) incurred in connection with the transaction.

The Landlord shall be responsible
for any commissions payable to CBRE Limited pursuant to a separate commission agreement, and the Tenant shall be responsible for any fees
on commissions payable to other agents that it may retain to act for it, or who introduce the Property to the Tenant.

Governing Law: Qubec. 

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

52

EXHIBIT A1

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE LANDLORD

A) Incorporation, Power and Capacity of Landlord. The Landlord is a corporation duly existing under
the laws of its incorporation and has the necessary corporate authority, power and capacity to own the Purchased Assets which it owns
and to enter into this Agreement and the documents and transactions contemplated herein and to carry out the agreement of purchase and
sale constituted on the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the documents and transactions contemplated herein on the terms and
conditions herein contained;

B) Corporate Authorization. The execution and delivery of, and the performance by the Landlord of,
this Agreement and the Closing Documents to which it is a party and the completion of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement has
been or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will be at Closing, duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the
Landlord and constitute or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Landlord
enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and
other laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (B) the fact that equitable remedies,
including the remedies of specific performance and injunction, may only be granted in the discretion of a court;

C) Non-Resident Status. The Landlord is not a non-resident of Canada within the meaning of Section
116 of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and Section 1102.1 of the Taxation Act (Quebec), or, as applicable, is a Canadian
Partnership within the meaning of the said Acts, and the Landlord will receive the Purchase Price on Closing on its own account
and not as agent, trustee, nominee or mandatary for any other Person;

D) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of and performance by the Landlord of this Agreement and
the Closing Documents to which it is a party will not (with or without notice or lapse of time):

I) constitute or result in a violation or breach of, or conflict with, any of the terms or provisions of
the constating documents or by-laws of the Landlord; or

II) result in the violation of any Applicable Laws;

E) Bankruptcy, The Landlord (a) is not an insolvent person within the meaning of the Bankruptcy
and Insolvency Act (Canada) or the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), (b) has not made an assignment in favor of its
creditors or a proposal in bankruptcy to its creditors or any class thereof, (c) has not had any petition for a receiving order presented
in respect of it, and (d) has not initiated proceedings with respect to a compromise or arrangement with its creditors or for its winding
up, liquidation or dissolution;

F) No Nominee. The Landlord holds its rights, title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets for
its own account, and not as mandatary, nominee, prte-nom, agent or registered title holder for any Person. The Landlord is the
registered and beneficial owner of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances;

G) Required Authorizations of Governmental Authorities. There is no requirement to make any filing
with, give any notice to, or obtain any Permit, authorization, consent or permit of, any Governmental Authority as a condition to the
lawful completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Closing Documents;

1 All capitalized terms used in this Exhibit shall have specific
meanings ascribed to them in the PSA.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

53

H) Tax Appeals. There are no realty tax appeals or reassessments pending with respect to the Property,
or any portion thereof;

I) Employees. There are no employees employed by the Landlord who will become the responsibility of
the Tenant on or as a result of the Closing, or for whom Tenant will incur any liabilities whatsoever, on or as a result of the Closing;

J) Permits. There are no Permits issued in the name of the Landlord relating to the operation of the
Property which remain in effect;

K) No Options, etc. to Purchased Assets. Except for the Tenant under this Agreement, no Person has
any written or oral agreement, present or future, contingent or absolute, option, understanding or commitment, or any right (including
a right of first refusal or other purchase right) or privilege capable of becoming such for the purchase or other acquisition of any of
the Purchased Assets;

L) GST and QST. The Landlord is or shall be, at Closing, validly registered under Subdivision d of
Division V of Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) for the purposes of GST and under Division I of Chapter VIII of Title
I of the Act respecting the Quebec Sales Tax for the purposes of QST;

M) No Rights of Occupancy. There are no leases, licenses, agreements or options to lease or other
tenancy agreements with respect to the Property which are currently in effect, except for the Lease and at Closing there will be no leases,
licenses, agreements or options to lease or other tenancy agreements with respect to the Property which are in effect, except for the
Lease;

N) No Notice of Expropriation. No part of the Property has been expropriated by any Governmental Authority
and the Landlord has not received any written notice or proceeding in respect of any expropriation of the Property or any part thereof;

O) No Notice of Non-Compliance. No written notice has been received by the Landlord which remains
outstanding from any governmental or quasi-governmental authority advising of any defects in the construction of any building on the Property
or any installations therein, or relating to any work order, deficiency or non-compliance with any building restrictions, zoning by-laws,
fire codes, environmental legislation, other regulations or applicable laws in respect of the Property (other than any notice resulting
from any work performed by the Tenant);

P) No Legal Hypothec. As at Closing, no Person will have a right to claim or file a construction,
builders, mechanics or similar lien against the Purchased Assets or to register or publish a legal hypothec against the Property or any
part thereof under the Civil Code of Quebec (the Landlord nevertheless acknowledging that if any such lien is claimed or filed, the Landlord
shall be responsible at its sole expense for removing or vacating same).

Q) Real Estate Taxes. All real property taxes due and owing to date with respect to the Property have
been paid in full without subrogation;

R) No Litigation. There is no litigation or proceeding, including appeals and applications for review,
in progress, against or relating to it, or affecting the Purchased Assets before any domestic court, governmental department, commission,
board, bureau or agency, or arbitration panel, and there is not presently outstanding against it or the Purchased Assets any judgement,
decree, injunction, rule or order of any court, governmental department, commission, agency or arbitrator which adversely affects the
Purchased Assets;

S) Environmental Reports. The Landlord has or will have provided the Tenant with all environmental
audits and reports with respect to the Property in its possession and the Landlord has not received written notice of any Claims or any
administrative or judicial judgments, orders or decrees that relate to violations of Environmental Laws with respect to the Property or
any part thereof or to the release, discharge, emission or disposal of Hazardous Substances on, to, from or under the Property;

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

54

T) Mutation Duties. Since March 16, 2016, the Landlord has not effected any transfer of any beneficial
rights of ownership in and to the Property by way of an off-title transfer or otherwise for which both (a) a disclosure notice has not
been delivered to the appropriate municipality and (b) transfer duties (mutation taxes) have not been paid;

U) OFAC. The Landlord is currently (a) in compliance with and shall at all times during the term of
this Agreement remain in compliance with the regulations of the OFAC and the OFAC Rules, (b) not listed on, and shall not during the term
of this Agreement be listed on, the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or the Sectoral
Sanctions Identifications List, which are all maintained by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC or other governmental
authority pursuant to any authorizing statute, executive order, or regulation, and (c) not a person or entity with whom a U.S. person
is prohibited from conducting business under the OFAC Rules; and

V) AML Legislation. The Landlord is not in violation of any AML Legislation, is neither a Listed Designated
Person nor is acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations, narcotics traffickers or Listed Designated
Persons, and the monies used in connection with this Agreement and amounts committed with respect thereto, were not and are not derived
from any activities that contravene any applicable AML Legislation.

W) No Commissions. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Landlord has not incurred any
liability to any real estate agent for fees and commissions in respect of the sale of the Purchased Assets to the Tenant.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

55

EXHIBIT
B2

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE TENANT

A) Formation, Power and Capacity of Tenant. The Tenant is a limited partnership duly existing under
the laws of its formation and the General Partner, its sole general partner, has the necessary corporate authority, power and capacity
to purchase and own the Purchased Assets for and on behalf of the Tenant to be sold to it and to enter into this Agreement and the documents
and transactions contemplated herein and to carry out the agreement of purchase and sale constituted on the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the documents and transactions contemplated herein on the terms and conditions herein contained;

B) Corporate Authorization. The execution and delivery of, and the performance by the General Partner
on behalf of the Tenant of, this Agreement and the Closing Documents to which it is a party and the completion of the transaction contemplated
by this Agreement has been or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will be at Closing, duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the General Partner on behalf of the Tenant and constitute or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will constitute legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Tenant enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms subject to (A) bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and other laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and
(B) the fact that equitable remedies, including the remedies of specific performance and injunction, may only be granted in the discretion
of a court;

C) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of and performance by the General Partner on behalf of
the Tenant of this Agreement and the Closing Documents to which it is a party will not (with or without notice or lapse of time):

I) constitute or result in a violation or breach of, or conflict with, any of the terms or provisions of
the constating documents or by-laws of the Tenant or the General Partner, as applicable;

II) result in the violation of any Applicable Laws;

D) Bankruptcy, The Tenant (a) is not an insolvent person within the meaning of the Bankruptcy and
Insolvency Act (Canada) or the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), (b) has not made an assignment in favor of its creditors
or a proposal in bankruptcy to its creditors or any class thereof, (c) has not had any petition for a receiving order presented in respect
of it, and (d) has not initiated proceedings with respect to a compromise or arrangement with its creditors or for its winding up, liquidation
or dissolution;

E) Required Authorizations of Governmental Authorities. There is no requirement to make any filing
with, give any notice to, or obtain any authorization, consent or permit of, any Governmental Authority as a condition to the lawful completion
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Closing Documents;

F) GST and QST. The Tenant shall be, at Closing, validly registered under Subdivision d of Division
V of Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) for the purposes of GST and under Division I of Chapter VIII of Title I of the Act
respecting the Quebec Sales Tax for the purposes of QST;

G) Residency. The Tenant is a WTO Investor and is not a state-owned enterprise, in each
case within the meaning of the Investment Canada Act (Canada);

2 All capitalized terms used in this Exhibit shall have specific
meanings ascribed to them in the PSA.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

56

H) OFAC. The Tenant and all beneficial owners of the Tenant are currently (a) in compliance with and
shall at all times during the term of this Agreement remain in compliance with the regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC) of the U.S. Department of Treasury and any statute, executive order, or regulation relating thereto (collectively,
the OFAC Rules), (b) not listed on, and shall not during the term of this Agreement be listed on, the Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, which are all maintained
by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC or other governmental authority pursuant to any authorizing statute, executive
order, or regulation, and (c) not a person or entity with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from conducting business under the OFAC Rules;

I) No Commissions. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Tenant has not incurred any
liability to any real estate agent for fees and commissions in respect of the sale of the Purchased Assets to the Tenant;

J) AML Legislation. The Tenant is not in violation of any AML Legislation, is neither a Listed Designated
Person nor is acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations, narcotics traffickers or Listed Designated
Persons, and the monies used in connection with this Agreement and amounts committed with respect thereto, were not and are not derived
from any activities that contravene any applicable AML Legislation; and

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

57

EXHIBIT
C3

PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES

The Permitted Encumbrances
shall include the following whether or not registered and whether registered prior to or after the date hereof:

A) Exceptions and reservations contained in the original Crown grant or contained in any other grant or disposition
from the Crown and the usual statutory exceptions and reservations to title.

B) Memorials of lease or notices of lease with respect to expired or terminated leases.

C) All Applicable Laws, by-laws, regulations and restrictions.

D) Any right of expropriation vested in any governmental or public body or authority.

E) Encumbrances for real property taxes (which term includes charges, rates, assessments, local improvement
rates and other governmental charges or levies) or charges for electricity, power, gas, water and other services and utilities in connection
with the Property that are not yet due and owing.

F) All applicable development, subdivision, use and site plan agreements, or similar agreements, that are
registered on title, provided that the same are complied with insofar as they affect or relate to the Property and provided that no such
agreement materially interferes with the present use or impairs the value of the Property.

G) All facility sharing, cost sharing, tunnel, pedway, servicing, parking, reciprocal and other similar agreements
with neighbouring landowners and/or Governmental Authorities to the extent registered on title to the Property or disclosed to the Purchaser.

H) All restrictive covenants, private deed restrictions, and other similar land use controls or agreements
to the extent registered on title to the Property or disclosed to the Purchaser.

I) All servitudes, rights of way, licenses, encroachments or adverse interests affecting the Property including
servitudes or reserves regarding mining rights, and including any unregistered servitudes or rights of way which affect the land, including
but not limited to the right of public utilities to occupy a part of the Property to install any circuits, poles and necessary equipment
required for the connection or the network, in each case that do not materially impair the present use or value of the Property.

J) Encroachments, title defects, irregularities and other matters disclosed by any survey or certificate
of location made available to the Purchaser by the Vendor prior to the Due Diligence Period or which would be disclosed by an up-to-date
survey or certificate of location, which do not materially impair the present use or value of the Property.

K) Any Encumbrances created by or through, or filed by or at the request of, the Purchaser or which are otherwise
expressly approved by the Purchaser in writing, and any notices or registrations in respect thereof.

L) The deed of sale and other Closing Documents.

M) The Hypothec to be discharged pursuant to the Payoff Letter.

3 All capitalized terms used in this Exhibit shall have specific
meanings ascribed to them in the PSA.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

58

SCHEDULE
C

FORM OF LETTER OF CREDIT

At the request and for the account of , we, the Bank of Nova
Scotia, [MUST BE A MONTREAL BRANCH ADDRESS], hereby establish in your favor our Irrevocable
Standby Letter of Credit (the Letter of Credit) up to an aggregate amount of .

This Letter of Credit is immediately payable upon presentation of the
following document(s), without inquiry into the validity, accuracy, or legitimacy of such demand for payment, and without the need to
prove the existence of any default by the Applicant under the Lease:

- Beneficiarys signed certificate
stating that the Applicant is in default under the lease agreement for premises located at 500 Monseigneur Dubois,
Saint-Jrme, Qubec (the Property), and the Beneficiary is entitled to draw upon the
Letter of Credit pursuant to the said lease; and

- The original of this Letter of Credit instrument for our
endorsement thereon;

(collectively, the Required Documents).

Partial Drawings are allowed.

This Letter of Credit shall expire on [last
day of first year of the Term of the lease], subject to the following automatic renewal provision:

This Letter of Credit shall be automatically extended without amendment
for successive one (1) year periods but not beyond [date that is 30 days following expiration
of the Lease Term] unless at least thirty (30) days prior to the then-current expiry date we notify you in writing by courier at
the address noted above that we elect not to consider this Letter of Credit to be renewable for any additional period.

In the event we provide such notice of non-renewal, you may draw the
full amount of this Letter of Credit by presenting a written demand prior to the expiry date, stating that the Bank has notified the Beneficiary
of its intention not to renew Letter of Credit No. [to complete once available],
and the Beneficiary has not received a replacement letter of credit satisfactory to it.

We hereby agree that drawings under this Letter of Credit will be honored
upon presentation of the Required Documents.

This Letter of Credit shall be freely transferable, in whole or in
part, by the Beneficiary without the consent of the Applicant, to any assignee of the Applicant or to any future purchaser of the Property
that is the subject of the lease referred to above. Any such transfer shall be effected upon written notice to us, accompanied by the
original of this Letter of Credit for endorsement or reissuance, as applicable.

This Standby Letter of Credit is subject to the Uniform Customs and
Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (UCP 600), and engages us in accordance
with the terms thereof.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

59

SCHEDULE
D

ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE FORM

TENANT ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

TO: , its successors and assigns and any assignee of its interest in the Mortgage (as defined below)

AND TO: , its solicitors herein and the Mortgagee (as defined below)

RE: Charge/Mortgage of Land (the "Mortgage") from to (the "Mortgagee")

AND RE: Lease dated between , as landlord (the "Landlord"), and SOCIT EN COMMANDITE EDC SAINT-JRME / EDC SAINT-JRME LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, as tenant (the "Tenant") (the "Lease") with respect to premises located at 500 Monseigneur Dubois, Saint-Jrme, Qubec (the "Premises")

In connection with the Lease, as of the date hereof, the Tenant certifies,
to its knowledge, that:

a) the Lease has been validly executed and delivered by the Tenant and represents that it constitutes the
entire agreement between the Landlord and the Tenant in respect of the Premises;

b) there has been no variation, modification or alteration of the Lease or of any guarantee thereof and the
Lease is now in full force and effect;

c) the Premises have been erected and completed, all tenant allowances have been paid, all free rent periods
have expired, all landlord's work has been completed, and the Tenant has accepted possession of the Premises and has commenced to pay
the Rent (as defined in the Lease) and other payments reserved by the Lease;

d) the Landlord is not in default of any of its obligations under the Lease for which a written notice of
default was received by the Landlord;

e) the Tenant is not in default of any of its obligations under the Lease for which a written notice of default
was received by the Tenant;

f) the Lease has not been assigned by the Tenant nor has any part of the space been sublet by the Tenant;

g) the area being occupied by the Tenant under the Lease is certified by the Landlord to be 202,000 square
feet;

h) no prepaid rent has been paid to the Landlord under the Lease, except for the current months installment;

i) no security deposit has been paid to the Landlord under the Lease;

j) the base rent for the month of in
the amount of $has been paid up to ;

k) the Lease expires on , subject to the TWO (2) successive and consecutive options to renew the Lease
for additional terms of FIVE (5) Lease Years each;

l) the Lease contains an option to purchase the Premises in favor of the Tenant expiring on December 31,
2025; and

m) the Lease contains a right of first refusal to purchase the Premises or any portion thereof in favor of
the Tenant.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

60

DATED at
this
day of
,
2025.

SOCIT EN COMMANDITE EDC SAINT-JRME / EDCSAINT-JRME LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, herein acting and represented by its general partner COMMANDIT ENOVUM 

SAINT-JEROME INC. / ENOVUM SAINT-JEROME GP INC.

Per: 

Name: 

Title: 

Per: 

Name: 

Title: 

I/We
have authority to bind the Tenant.

Initials

Landlord Tenant Guarantor

61
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023804201ex99-1_bitdigital.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED APRIL 11, 2025, ENTITLED "BIT DIGITAL, INC. SECURES SITE FOR NEW TIER 3 DATA CENTER TO SUPPORT CEREBRAS COLOCATION CONTRACT"
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Bit Digital, Inc. Secures Site for New Tier 3 Data Center to Support Cerebras Colocation Contract

NEW YORK, April 11, 2025 /PRNewswire/
-- Bit Digital, Inc. (Nasdaq: BTBT) ("Bit Digital" or the "Company") announced today that it has secured the rights to a new data center
site in Saint-Jrme, Qubec (MTL-3), which is under development and will support the previously announced
5MW colocation agreement with Cerebras Systems (Cerebras), a leader in generative AI infrastructure.

The facility spans
approximately 202,000 square feet on 7.7 acres and is being developed to support current contracted capacity, with future expansion potential
subject to utility approvals. The transaction was executed under a lease-to-own structure, which includes a fixed-price purchase option
exercisable within 12 months. The lease term is 20 years, with two 5-year extension options.

The project is being delivered through WhiteFiber,
Bit Digitals high-performance computing platform. The facility is being retrofitted to Tier 3 standards, with development costs
expected to total approximately CAD $55 million (approximately $40MM USD), and a targeted go-live date of July 2025.

This milestone
represents continued momentum in our strategy to deliver purpose-built AI infrastructure at scale, said Sam Tabar, CEO of Bit Digital.
Speed to market is a key differentiator in the AI infrastructure space, and this site reflects our ability to mobilize and deliver
capacity on accelerated timelines. Were proud to advance our partnership with Cerebras while expanding our data center footprint
in the greater Montral region, a growing hub for AI innovation.

Cerebras has contracted for 5MW (IT load) of built-to-suit
infrastructure under a five-year colocation agreement announced in February 2025. Under the terms of the agreement, Cerebras holds a right
of first refusal (ROFR) for any additional megawatt capacity that becomes available at the site.

About Bit Digital

Bit Digital, Inc. is
a global platform for high-performance computing (HPC) infrastructure and digital asset production headquartered in New
York City. The Companys HPC business operates under the WhiteFiber Inc. (WhiteFiber) brand. Our operations are located
in the US, Canada, and Iceland. For additional information, please contact ir@bit-digital.com or visit our website at www.bit-digital.com,
or follow us on LinkedIn or X.

Investor Notice

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment
decision, you should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties and forward-looking statements described under "Risk Factors" in Item
1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (Annual Report). Notwithstanding the fact that Bit Digital Inc.
has not conducted operations in the PRC since September 30, 2021 we have previously disclosed under Risk Factors in our Annual Report:
We may be subject to fines and penalties for any noncompliance with or any liabilities in our former business in China in a certain
period from now on. Although the statute of limitations for non-compliance by our former business in the PRC is generally two years
and the Company has been out of the PRC, for more than two years, the Authority may still find its prior bitcoin mining operations involved
a threat to financial security. In such event, the two-year period would be extended to five years. If any material risk was to occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer. In that event, the value of our securities could decline
and you could lose part or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties we describe are not the only ones facing us. Additional
risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. In addition, our past financial
performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results in the
future. Future changes in the network-wide mining difficulty rate or bitcoin hash rate may also materially affect the future performance
of Bit Digital's production of bitcoin. Actual operating results will vary depending on many factors including network difficulty rate,
total hash rate of the network, the operations of our facilities, the status of our miners, and other factors. See "Safe Harbor Statement"
below.

Safe Harbor Statement

This press release may contain certain "forward-looking statements" relating to the business of Bit Digital,
Inc., and its subsidiary companies. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included herein are "forward-looking statements."
These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects," or similar
expressions, involving known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these
forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and these expectations may prove to be
incorrect. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press
release. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of
a variety of factors, including those discussed in the Company's periodic reports that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and available on its website at http://www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its
behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. Other than as required under the securities laws, the Company does
not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>btbt-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>btbt-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>btbt-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38421

Entity Registrant Name BIT DIGITAL, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001710350

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1606989

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 31 Hudson Yards

Entity Address, Address Line Two Floor 11

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 463-5121

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value

Trading Symbol BTBT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bit-digital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

btbt-20250410.xsd 
btbt-20250410_lab.xml 
btbt-20250410_pre.xml 
ea0238042-8k_bitdigital.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-032132-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0238042-8k_bitdigital_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001710350 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001710350 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
BIT DIGITAL, INC. 
E9 
001-38421 
98-1606989 
31 Hudson Yards 
Floor 11 
New York 
NY 
10001 
212 
463-5121 
Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value 
BTBT 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>