<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-011211.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-011211.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211084102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-011211
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250207
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARINUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001267813
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36576
		FILM NUMBER:		25607796

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER SUITE 500
		STREET 2:		100 MATSONFORD RD
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-801-4670

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER SUITE 500
		STREET 2:		100 MATSONFORD RD
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARINUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256024d9_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000126781300012678132025-02-072025-02-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 7, 2025

MARINUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)

Delaware 001-36576 20-0198082

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission
File Number) 

(IRS
Employer Identification No.)

5 Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 500

100
Matsonford Rd, Radnor, PA 

19087

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(484) 801-4670

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which 

registered

Shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share MRNS Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or
Disposition of Assets.

As previously disclosed in the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 30, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 29, 2024, with Immedica Pharma AB, a Swedish corporation
(Parent), and Matador Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the
Purchaser).

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon
the terms and subject to the conditions therein, Parent caused the Purchaser to commence a cash tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding
shares of common stock (the Company Common Stock), par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Shares),
for $0.55 per share (such amount, as it may be adjusted in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the Offer Price),
in cash, subject to any applicable withholding taxes and without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Offer to Purchase, dated January 8, 2025 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Offer to Purchase),
and in the related Form of Letter of Transmittal (the Letter of Transmittal and, together with the Offer to
Purchase, the Offer), filed as Exhibit (a)(1)(A) and Exhibit (a)(1)(B), respectively, to the
Schedule TO, originally filed with the SEC on January 8, 2025 by Parent and Purchaser (as amended from time to time, the Schedule
TO).

The Offer and withdrawal rights expired at
midnight at the end of the day on February 6, 2025 (the Expiration Time). Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions,
LLC, in its capacity as depositary and paying agent for the Offer (the Depositary and Paying Agent), has advised
Parent and Purchaser that, as of the Expiration Time, a total of 37,287,732 Shares were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant
to the Offer, representing approximately 67.4% of the Shares outstanding as of the Expiration
Time. All conditions to the Offer having been satisfied, on February 7, 2025, Purchaser accepted for payment all Shares validly tendered
and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Time, and payment of the Offer Price for such Shares will be made by the Depositary and Paying
Agent.

On February 11, 2025 (the Closing
Date), pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving
as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger). The Merger was effected without a vote of the
Company stockholders in accordance with Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL).

At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective
Time), each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser, the Company or any subsidiary of
Parent or the Company or by any Company stockholders who properly perfected their appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL) was
canceled and converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, in cash, without interest, subject to any required withholding of taxes
(the Merger Consideration).

Each option to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock (each, a Company Option) outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time
was terminated in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment equal to the excess (if any) of: (i) an amount equal to the product
of (A) the Offer Price multiplied by (B) the number of Shares into which such Company Option would have been exercisable; over (ii) the
aggregate exercise price of such Company Option (provided, however, that where such aggregate exercise price exceeded the amount described
in clause (i) above, then such Company Option was terminated at the Effective Time and the holder thereof is not be entitled to any payment
in respect thereof).

Each restricted
stock unit granted pursuant to an inducement award or the Company Equity Plans (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (each, a Company
RSU) outstanding but not vested immediately prior to the Effective Time was vested
in full and terminated in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of: (i) the Offer Price multiplied by
(ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying such Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time. 

Each pre-funded warrant of the Company (each,
a Company Pre-Funded Warrant) was, as of the Effective Time, deemed exercised in full as a cashless
exercise (as described in each such Company Pre-Funded Warrant) entitling each holder thereof to
receive an amount in cash without interest, less any applicable tax withholding, equal to the product of (i) the Offer Price multiplied
by (y) the number of Shares deemed to be issuable upon exercise in full of such Company Pre-Funded Warrant as a cashless exercise,
calculated in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of such Company Pre-Funded Warrant.

The aggregate consideration paid in the Offer
and the Merger was approximately $32.3 million, excluding related transaction fees and expenses. Parent provided Purchaser with the necessary
funds to fund the Offer and the Merger using cash on hand.

The foregoing summary description of the Merger
Agreement and related transactions does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on December
30, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure
to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On the Closing Date, in connection with the
consummation of the Merger described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, which description is incorporated by reference
into this Item 3.01, the Company notified The NASDAQ Global Market (NASDAQ) that the Merger had been consummated
and requested that (i) the trading of Shares on NASDAQ be suspended prior to market open on the Closing Date and (ii) the listing
of Shares on NASDAQ be withdrawn. In addition, the Company requested that NASDAQ file with the SEC a notification on Form 25 to report
the delisting of Shares from NASDAQ and to deregister Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act). The Company intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 suspending the Companys
reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights
of Security Holders.

The information set forth under Items 2.01,
5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

At the Effective Time, holders of the Shares
(other than Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser, the Company or any subsidiary of Parent or the Company or by any Company stockholders who
properly perfected their appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL), Company Options, Company RSUs and Company Pre-Funded Warrants
immediately before the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as securityholders in the Company (other than their right to receive the
Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement).

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 2.01
and Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the completion of the Offer
and the consummation of the Merger, a change of control of the Company occurred. Upon the consummation of the Merger, at the Effective
Time, the Company became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
and effective as of the Effective Time, each of Scott Braunstein, Tim Mayleben, Elan Ezickson, Seth Fischer, Marvin Johnson, and Christine
Silverstein ceased to be a director of the Company and a member of committees of the board of directors of the Company. These removals
were in connection with the Merger and were not due to disagreement or dispute with the Company on any matter. Also as of the Effective
Time, Simon Falk and Nina Fleck became the directors of the Company. Information regarding the new directors has been previously disclosed
in Schedule I of the Offer to Purchase, as filed with the Schedule TO, and is incorporated herein by reference.

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, as of the Effective Time, Anders Edvell was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Simon Falk
was appointed Treasurer of the Company and Nina Fleck was appointed Secretary of the Company. Additionally, in connection with the Merger,
subsequent to the Effective Time, Mr. Braunstein ceased to be President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Steven Pfanstiel
(Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer), Joseph Hulihan (Chief Medical Officer), Martha Manning (Senior Vice
President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary), and Christina Shafer (Chief Commercial Officer) ceased to be officers of the Company.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth under Item 2.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Immediately following the Effective Time,
the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws were amended and restated in their entirety. The amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and bylaws are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events

On February 11, 2025, Parent issued a press
release announcing the closing of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 29, 2024, by and among Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Immedica Pharma AB and Matador Subsidiary, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 30, 2024).

3.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company.

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company.

99.1 Closing Press Release of Immedica Pharma AB, dated February 11, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Date: February 11, 2025 By: /s/ Anders Edvell

Name: Anders Edvell

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256024d9_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

MARINUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

FIRST: The name of the corporation
is Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Corporation).

SECOND:
The address of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street,
City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD:
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (the DGCL).

FOURTH:
The total number of shares of common stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000, and the par value of each such
share is $0.01.

FIFTH:
The Board of Directors (the Board) shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH:
Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation so provide.

SEVENTH: The Corporation expressly
elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.

EIGHTH:
(1) A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders (including without limitation their heirs, executors and administrators) for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director in accordance with and to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter
be amended.

(2) The
Corporation shall indemnify each of the Corporations directors and officers in each and every situation where, under Section 145
of the DGCL, as amended from time to time (Section 145), the Corporation is permitted or empowered to make such
indemnification. The Corporation may, in the sole discretion of the Board, indemnify any other person who may be indemnified pursuant
to Section 145 to the extent the Board deems advisable, as permitted by Section 145. The Corporation shall promptly make or
cause to be made any determination required to be made pursuant to Section 145.

(3) Any
repeal or modification of this ARTICLE EIGHTH by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection
of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

NINTH:
The Corporation reserves the right to amend this Certificate of Incorporation in any manner permitted by the DGCL and all rights and powers
conferred herein on stockholders, directors and officers, if any, are subject to this reserved power.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256024d9_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

Final Version

SECOND AMENDED
AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

MARINUS PHARMACETUCIALS, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

(the Corporation)

Article I

CORPORATE OFFICES

Section 1.1 Registered
Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be fixed in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as the same
may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Certificate of Incorporation).

Section 1.2 Other
Offices. The Corporation may also have an office or offices, and keep the books and records of the Corporation, except as otherwise
required by law, at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Corporation may from time to time
determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

Article II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1 Annual
Meeting. Unless directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an annual meeting, the annual meeting of stockholders, for the
election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held at such place,
if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the
Board of Directors or the Board) shall fix. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule
or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors.

Section 2.2 Special
Meeting. Except as otherwise required by law, and except as otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation,
a special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation: (a) may be called at any time by the Board of Directors; and (b) shall
be called by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors (the Chairperson of the Board) or the Secretary of the Corporation
(the Secretary) upon the written request or requests of one or more stockholders of record that, at the time a request
is delivered, hold shares representing at least a majority of the voting power of the stock entitled to vote on the matter or matters
to be brought before the proposed special meeting. Except as otherwise required by law, and except as otherwise provided for or fixed
pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may not be called by any other
person or persons. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting
pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting. If none of the stockholders who submitted the special meeting request (or their
qualified representatives) appears at the special meeting to present the matter or matters to be brought before the special meeting that
were specified in the special meeting request, the Corporation need not present the matter or matters for a vote at the meeting, notwithstanding
that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel
any special meeting of stockholders previously scheduled pursuant to this Section 2.2.

Section 2.3 Notice
of Stockholders Meetings.

(a) Whenever
stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting of stockholders shall specify the place,
if any, date and time of the meeting of stockholders, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting
(if such date is different from the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), and the means of
remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting.
The notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each stockholder
entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, except as
otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. In the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes
for which the meeting is called also shall be set forth in the notice.

(b) Any
notice to stockholders given by the Corporation may be given in writing directed to the stockholders mailing address as it appears
on the records of the Corporation (or by electronic transmission directed to the stockholders electronic mail address, as applicable)
and shall be given (i) if mailed, when the notice is deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, (ii) if delivered by courier
service, the earlier of when the notice is received or left at such stockholders address or (iii) if given by electronic
mail, when directed to such stockholders electronic mail address unless the stockholder has notified the Corporation in writing
or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail or such notice is prohibited by Section 232(e) of
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (as the same exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, the DGCL).
If notice is given by electronic mail, such notice shall comply with the applicable provisions of Section 232 of the DGCL.

(c) Notice
may be given by other forms of electronic transmission with the consent of a stockholder in the manner permitted by Section 232(b) of
the DGCL and shall be deemed given as provided therein.

(d) An
affidavit that notice has been given, executed by the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary or any transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation,
shall be prima facie evidence of the facts stated in the notice in the absence of fraud. Notice shall be deemed to have been given to
all stockholders who share an address if notice is given in accordance with Section 233 of the DGCL.

(e) When
a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue
a meeting using remote communication), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the place, if any, date and time thereof,
and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote
at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; (ii) displayed, during the time
scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxyholders to participate in the meeting
by means of remote communication; or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 2.3a);
provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to
each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote
is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance
with Section 7.5a), and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such
adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting.

2

Section 2.4 Organization.

(a) Unless
otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairperson of the Board, if any,
or in his or her absence, by the Chief Executive Officer (if separate and serving as a director) or another person designated by or in
the manner provided by the Board of Directors. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary, or in the absence of
the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, a person whom the chairperson of the meeting shall appoint, shall act as secretary of the
meeting and keep a record of the proceedings thereof.

(b) The
date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders shall vote at a meeting of stockholders
shall be announced at the meeting. The Board of Directors may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of
stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board
of Directors, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the authority to adopt and enforce such rules and regulations for the conduct
of any meeting of stockholders and the safety of those in attendance as, in the judgment of the chairperson, are necessary, appropriate
or convenient for the conduct of the meeting. Rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders, whether adopted
by the Board of Directors or by the chairperson of the meeting, may include without limitation, establishing: (i) an agenda or order
of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present;
(iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized
and constituted proxies, qualified representatives (including rules around who qualifies as such) and such other persons as the
chairperson of the meeting shall permit; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof;
(v) limitations on the time allotted for consideration of each agenda item and for questions and comments by participants; (vi) regulations
for the opening and closing of the polls for balloting and matters which are to be voted on by ballot (if any); and (vii) procedures
(if any) requiring attendees to provide the Corporation advance notice of their intent to attend the meeting. Subject to any rules and
regulations adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairperson of the meeting may convene and, for any reason, from time to time, adjourn
and/or recess any meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 2.7. The chairperson of the meeting, in addition to making
any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall declare that a nomination or other business was
not properly brought before the meeting if the facts warrant, and if such chairperson should so declare, such nomination shall be disregarded
or such other business shall not be transacted.

3

Section 2.5 List
of Stockholders. The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list
of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting; provided, however, that if the record date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of
the 10th day before the meeting date. Such list shall be arranged in alphabetical order and shall show the address of each stockholder
and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing in this Section 2.5
shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall
be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for 10 days ending on the day before the meeting
date: (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list
is provided with the notice of meeting; or (b) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation.
In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable
steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise required by law, the
stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this
Section 2.5 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.6 Quorum.
Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at any meeting of stockholders, the holders of
a majority of the voting power of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy,
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of stockholders,
then the chairperson of the meeting, or the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock present in person or represented by
proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon, shall have power to adjourn or recess the meeting from time to time in accordance
with Section 2.7, until a quorum is present or represented. Subject to applicable law,
if a quorum initially is present at any meeting of stockholders, the stockholders may continue to transact business until adjournment
or recess, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum, but if a quorum is not present at least
initially, no business other than adjournment or recess may be transacted.

Section 2.7 Adjourned
or Recessed Meeting. Any annual or special meeting of stockholders, whether or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned or recessed
for any or no reason from time to time by the chairperson of the meeting, subject to any rules and regulations adopted by the Board
of Directors pursuant to Section 2.4(b). Any such meeting may be adjourned for any or
no reason (and may be recessed if a quorum is not present or represented) from time to time by the holders of a majority of the voting
power of the stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. At any such adjourned or recessed
meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.

Section 2.8 Voting.

(a) Except
as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, each holder of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at any meeting
of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of such stock held of record by such holder that has voting power upon
the subject matter in question.

4

(b) Except
as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Corporation
or its securities, at each meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present, all corporate actions to be taken by vote of the stockholders
shall be authorized by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the stock present in person
or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot.

Section 2.9 Proxies.
Every stockholder entitled to vote for directors, or on any other matter, shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or
more persons authorized to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its
date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only
as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless
of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally. A stockholder
may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the Secretary a revocation
of the proxy or executed new proxy bearing a later date.

Section 2.10 Action
by Written Consent.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any
annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote,
if a consent or consents, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than
the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote
thereon were present and voted. To be effective, such a consent must be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with Section 228(d) of
the DGCL; provided, however, that the Corporation has not designated, and shall not designate, any information processing
system for receiving such consents. No consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless consents signed
by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation in accordance with this Section 2.10
within 60 days of the first date on which a consent is so delivered to the Corporation. Any person executing a consent may provide, whether
through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that such consent shall be effective at a future time, including a time determined upon
the happening of an event, occurring not later than 60 days after such instruction is given or such provision is made, if evidence of
the instruction or provision is provided to the Corporation. If the person is not a stockholder of record when the consent is executed,
the consent shall not be valid unless the person is a stockholder of record as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled
to consent to the action. Unless otherwise provided, any such consent shall be revocable prior to its becoming effective.

(b) Prompt
notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous consent shall be given to those stockholders entitled
thereto in accordance with Section 228(e) of the DGCL.

Section 2.11 Meetings
by Remote Communications. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not
be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication in accordance with Section 211(a)(2) of
the DGCL. If authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board
of Directors may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication:
(a) participate in a meeting of stockholders; and (b) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether
such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that: (i) the Corporation
shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote
communication is a stockholder or proxyholder; (ii) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders
and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including
an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings; and (iii) if any
stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other
action shall be maintained by the Corporation.

5

Section 2.12 Delivery
to the Corporation. Whenever this Article II requires one or more persons (including
a record or beneficial owner of stock) to deliver a document or information (other than a document authorizing another person to act
for a stockholder by proxy at a meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 212 of the DGCL) to the Corporation or any officer,
employee or agent thereof (including any consent, notice, request, questionnaire, revocation, representation or other document or agreement),
the Corporation shall not be required to accept delivery of such document or information unless the document or information is in writing
exclusively (and not in an electronic transmission) and delivered exclusively by hand (including, without limitation overnight courier
service) or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. For the avoidance of doubt, the Corporation expressly opts out
of Section 116 of the DGCL with respect to the delivery of information and documents (other than a document authorizing another
person to act for a stockholder by proxy at a meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 212 of the DGCL) to the Corporation required
by this Article II.

Article III

DIRECTORS

Section 3.1 Powers.
Except as otherwise required by the DGCL or as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation
shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authorities these Bylaws expressly
confer upon it, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are
not by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 3.2 Number,
Term of Office and Election. Except as otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of
Directors shall initially consist of two directors, which number of directors may be increased or decreased as determined from time to
time solely by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then authorized (hereinafter
referred to as the Whole Board). At any meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected, directors
shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Each director shall hold office until the next election of directors and until his
or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate
of Incorporation or these Bylaws, wherein other qualifications for directors may be prescribed.

6

Section 3.3 Vacancies
and Newly Created Directorships. Unless otherwise required by law, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the
authorized number of directors and any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification,
removal from office or other cause may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even
though less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director, and any director so chosen shall hold office until the next election of
directors and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. No decrease in the authorized number of directors
shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Section 3.4 Resignations
and Removal.

(a) Any
director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors, the Chairperson
of the Board or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect upon delivery, unless the resignation specifies a later effective date
or time or an effective date or time determined upon the happening of an event or events. Unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance
of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

(b) Any
director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
a majority of the voting power of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon.

Section 3.5 Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place or places (if any), within or without the State
of Delaware, on such date or dates and at such time or times, as shall have been established by the Board of Directors and publicized
among all directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required.

Section 3.6 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairperson of
the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if separate and serving as a director) or a majority of the directors then in office. The person
or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the place (if any), within or without the State of Delaware,
date and time of such meetings. Notice of each such meeting shall be given to each director, if by mail, addressed to such director at
his or her residence or usual place of business, at least five days before the day on which such meeting is to be held, or shall be sent
to such director by electronic transmission, or be delivered personally or by telephone, in each case at least 24 hours prior to the
time set for such meeting. A notice of special meeting need not state the purpose of such meeting, and, unless indicated in the notice
thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.

Section 3.7 Remote
Participation in Meetings. Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of such Board
of Directors or committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating
in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

7

Section 3.8 Quorum
and Voting. Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a majority of the Whole Board
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, and the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors present at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. The chairperson
of the meeting or a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting to another time and place (if any) whether or not a quorum
is present. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at
the meeting as originally called.

Section 3.9 Board
of Directors Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these
Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, may be taken
without a meeting, provided that all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent in writing or
by electronic transmission to such action. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the
minutes or proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. Any
person (whether or not then a director) may provide, whether through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that a consent to action shall
be effective at a future time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event), occurring not later than 60 days after such
instruction is given or such provision is made and such consent shall be deemed to have been given at such effective time so long as
such person is then a director and did not revoke the consent prior to such time. Any such consent shall be revocable prior to its becoming
effective.

Section 3.10 Chairperson
of the Board. The Chairperson of the Board shall preside at meetings of stockholders in accordance with Section 2.4(a) above
and at meetings of directors, and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. If the Chairperson
of the Board is not present at a meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer (if separate and serving as a director)
or another director chosen by or in the manner provided by the Board of Directors shall preside.

Section 3.11 Rules and
Regulations. The Board of Directors shall adopt such rules and regulations not inconsistent with the provisions of law, the
Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws for the conduct of its meetings and management of the affairs of the Corporation as the
Board of Directors shall deem proper.

Section 3.12 Fees
and Compensation of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, directors may receive such compensation,
if any, for their services on the Board of Directors and its committees, and such reimbursement of expenses, as may be fixed or determined
by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.13 Emergency
Bylaws. This Section 3.13 shall be operative during any emergency condition as contemplated
by Section 110 of the DGCL (an Emergency), notwithstanding any different or conflicting provisions in these
Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL. In the event of any Emergency, or other similar emergency condition, the director
or directors in attendance at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a standing committee thereof shall constitute a quorum. Such director
or directors in attendance may further take action to appoint one or more of themselves or other directors to membership on any standing
or temporary committees of the Board of Directors as they shall deem necessary and appropriate. Except as the Board of Directors may
otherwise determine, during any Emergency, the Corporation and its directors and officers, may exercise any authority and take any action
or measure contemplated by Section 110 of the DGCL.

8

Article IV

COMMITTEES

Section 4.1 Committees
of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each such committee to consist of one or
more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee
to replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee,
the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member.
Any such committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors establishing such committee,
shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the
Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall
have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders,
any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders
for approval; or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. All committees of the Board of Directors shall
keep minutes of their meetings and shall report their proceedings to the Board of Directors when requested or required by the Board of
Directors.

Section 4.2 Meetings
and Action of Committees. Unless the Board of Directors provides otherwise by resolution, any committee of the Board of Directors
may adopt, alter and repeal such rules and regulations not inconsistent with the provisions of law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws for the conduct of its meetings as such committee may deem proper. A majority of the directors then serving on a committee
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business by the committee except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws, and except as otherwise provided in a resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that in
no case shall a quorum be less than one-third of directors then serving on the committee. Unless the Certificate of Incorporation, these
Bylaws or a resolution of the Board of Directors requires a greater number, the vote of a majority of the members of a committee present
at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee.

9

Article V

OFFICERS

Section 5.1. Officers.
The officers of the Corporation shall consist of such officers as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, each of whom
shall be elected by the Board of Directors, each to have such authority, functions or duties as set forth in these Bylaws or as determined
by the Board of Directors. Each officer shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall hold office for such term as may be prescribed
by the Board of Directors and until such persons successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such persons
earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. Any number of offices may be held by the same person; provided, however, that
no officer shall execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than one capacity if such instrument is required by law, the Certificate
of Incorporation or these Bylaws to be executed, acknowledged or verified by two or more officers. The Board of Directors may require
any officer, agent or employee to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties.

Section 5.2. Additional
Positions and Titles. The Corporation may have assistants to officers, with such powers and duties as the Board of Directors, or
the Chief Executive Officer or another authorized officer, may from time to time determine. Any officer or employee may be assigned any
additional title, with such powers and duties, as the Board of Directors or an authorized officer may from time to time determine. Any
persons appointed as assistant officers, and any persons upon whom such titles are conferred, shall not be deemed officers of the Corporation
unless appointed by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 5.1.

Section 5.3. Compensation.
The salaries of the officers of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors or by any person or persons
to whom the Board of Directors has delegated such authority.

Section 5.4. Removal,
Resignation and Vacancies. Any officer of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors or an
authorized officer. Any officer or assistant officer, if appointed by an officer, also may be removed by the officer authorized to appoint
such officer or assistant officer. Any officer may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the
Corporation. Any resignation or removal shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of such officer under any contract to which
it is a party. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation may be filled by the Board of Directors or in accordance with Section 5.1
or Section 5.2, as applicable, or such office may be left vacant.

Section 5.5. Action
with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations or Entities. The Chief Executive Officer, or any other person or persons to whom
the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer has delegated such authority, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on
behalf of the Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares or other equity interests of any other corporation or entity or corporations
or entities, standing in the name of the Corporation. The authority herein granted may be exercised either by such person directly or
by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by the person having such authority.

10

Section 5.6. Delegation.
The Board of Directors or an authorized officer may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers
or agents, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article V.

Article VI

INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES

Section 6.1 Right
to Indemnification. Each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or was or is otherwise involved in,
any action, suit, arbitration, alternative dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, judicial, administrative or legislative
hearing, or any other threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Corporation or otherwise,
including any and all appeals, whether of a civil, criminal, administrative, legislative, investigative or other nature (hereinafter
a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or while
a director or officer of the Corporation is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent
or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an
employee benefit plan (hereinafter an indemnitee), or by reason of anything done or not done by him or her in any
such capacity, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists
or may hereafter be amended, against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise
taxes, penalties and amounts paid in settlement by or on behalf of the indemnitee) actually and reasonably incurred by such indemnitee
in connection therewith, all on the terms and conditions set forth in these Bylaws; provided, however, that, except as
otherwise required by law or provided in Section 6.4 with respect to suits to enforce rights
under this Article VI, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding, or part thereof, voluntarily
initiated by such indemnitee (including claims and counterclaims, whether such counterclaims are asserted by: (a) such indemnitee;
or (b) the Corporation in a proceeding initiated by such indemnitee) only if such proceeding, or part thereof, was authorized or
ratified by the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors otherwise determines that indemnification or advancement of expenses is
appropriate.

Section 6.2 Right
to Advancement of Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 6.1,
an indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including
attorneys fees) incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement
of expenses); provided, however, that an advancement of expenses shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation
of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced
if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision of a court of competent jurisdiction from which there is no further right
to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses
under this Article VI or otherwise.

Section 6.3 Indemnification
for Successful Defense. To the extent that an indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any proceeding
(or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein), such indemnitee shall be indemnified under this Section 6.3
against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such defense. Indemnification
under this Section 6.3 shall not be subject to satisfaction of a standard of conduct, and the Corporation may not assert the failure
to satisfy a standard of conduct as a basis to deny indemnification or recover amounts advanced, including in a suit brought pursuant
to Section 6.4 (notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein).

11

Section 6.4 Right
of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a request for indemnification under Section 6.1
or Section 6.3 is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days, or if a request for an advancement of expenses under
Section 6.2 is not paid in full by the Corporation within 20 days, after a written request has been received by the Corporation,
the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware
seeking an adjudication of entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of expenses. If successful in whole or in part in any such
suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee
shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any suit
brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right
to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct for indemnification
set forth in Section 145(a) or Section 145(b) of the DGCL. Further, in any suit brought by the Corporation to
recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses
upon a final adjudication that the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct for indemnification set forth in Section 145(a) or
Section 145(b) of the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action,
a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met such applicable standard
of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of
such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall
create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the
indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement
of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the
burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under applicable law, this
Article VI or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

Section 6.5 Non-Exclusivity
of Rights. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article VI
shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any law, agreement, vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors, provisions of a certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or otherwise.

Section 6.6 Insurance.
The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation
or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not
the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

12

Section 6.7 Indemnification
of Employees and Agents of the Corporation. The Corporation may, to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, and to the extent
authorized from time to time, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation.

Section 6.8 Nature
of Rights. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article VI shall be contract
rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of
the indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article VI that adversely
affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit or eliminate any such right with respect
to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment,
alteration or repeal.

Section 6.9 Settlement
of Claims. Notwithstanding anything in this Article VI to the contrary, the Corporation
shall not be liable to indemnify any indemnitee under this Article VI for any amounts paid in settlement of any proceeding
effected without the Corporations written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Section 6.10 Subrogation.
In the event of payment under this Article VI, the Corporation shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the indemnitee (excluding insurance obtained on the indemnitees
own behalf), and the indemnitee shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights,
including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Corporation effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

Section 6.11 Severability.
If any provision or provisions of this Article VI shall be held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted
by law: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions
of this Article VI (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of this Article VI containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not by themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the
application of such provision to other persons or entities or circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and
(b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation, all portions of
any paragraph of this Article VI containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not
themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent of the parties that the Corporation
provide protection to the indemnitee to the fullest extent set forth in this Article VI.

Article VII

CAPITAL STOCK

Section 7.1 Uncertificated
Stock. The shares of the Corporation shall be uncertificated; provided, that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or
resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates.
Each certificate representing capital stock of the Corporation shall be signed by or in the name of the Corporation by any two duly elected
officers of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares represented by such certificate. The signatures of the officers of the Corporation
may be facsimiles. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased
to hold such office before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person held
such office on the date of issue.

13

Section 7.2 Transfers
of Stock. Transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation upon authorization by
the registered holder thereof or by such holders attorney thereunto authorized by a power of attorney duly executed and filed
with the Secretary or a transfer agent for such stock, and if such shares are represented by a certificate, upon surrender of the certificate
or certificates for such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a duly executed stock transfer power and the payment of any taxes
thereon; provided, however, that the Corporation shall be entitled to recognize and enforce any lawful restriction on transfer.

Section 7.3 Lost
Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new share certificate or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore
issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed
certificate or the owners legal representative to give the Corporation a bond (or other adequate security) sufficient to indemnify
it against any claim that may be made against it (including any expense or liability) on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction
of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. The Board of Directors may adopt such other
provisions and restrictions with reference to lost certificates, not inconsistent with applicable law, as it shall in its discretion
deem appropriate.

Section 7.4 Registered
Stockholders. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner
of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest
in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise
required by law.

Section 7.5 Record
Date for Determining Stockholders.

(a) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjourned meeting,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than 60 nor less
than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record
date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed
by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders
shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of
business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice
of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjourned meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors
may fix a new record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also
fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination
of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting.

14

(b) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution
fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 days prior to such action.
If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business
on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

(c) Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to express
consent to corporate action without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than
10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been
fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action without
a meeting, when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed consent setting
forth the action taken or proposed to be taken was delivered to the Corporation in accordance with Section 2.10. If no record
date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate
action without a meeting, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day
on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 7.6 Regulations.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board of Directors may make such additional rules and regulations as it may deem
expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of shares of stock of the Corporation.

Section 7.7 Waiver
of Notice. Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether
before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a
waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the
meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted
at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors
need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws.

15

Article VIII

GENERAL MATTERS

Section 8.1 Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January of each year and end on the last day of December of
the same year, or shall extend for such other 12 consecutive months as the Board of Directors may designate.

Section 8.2 Corporate
Seal. The Board of Directors may provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the Corporation, which seal shall be in the charge
of the Secretary. If and when so directed by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, duplicates of the seal may be kept and used
by the Treasurer or by an Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer.

Section 8.3 Reliance
Upon Books, Reports and Records. Each director and each member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors shall, in the
performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation
and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees
of the Board of Directors so designated, or by any other person as to matters which such director or committee member reasonably believes
are within such other persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf
of the Corporation.

Section 8.4 Subject
to Law and Certificate of Incorporation. All powers, duties and responsibilities provided for in these Bylaws, whether or not explicitly
so qualified, are qualified by the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law.

Section 8.5 Electronic
Signatures, etc.Except as otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these
Bylaws (including, without limitation, as otherwise required by Section 2.12), any document, including, without limitation,
any consent, agreement, certificate or instrument, required by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws to be executed
by any officer, director, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation may be executed using a facsimile or other form of electronic
signature to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. All other contracts, agreements, certificates or instruments to be executed
on behalf of the Corporation may be executed using a facsimile or other form of electronic signature to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law. The terms electronic mail, electronic mail address, electronic signature
and electronic transmission as used herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the DGCL.

Article IX

AMENDMENTS

Section 9.1 Amendments.
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors is expressly
authorized to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws. The stockholders may make additional Bylaws and may alter and repeal any Bylaws whether
adopted by them or otherwise.

The
foregoing Bylaws were adopted by the Board of Directors on Februrary 11, 2025.

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm256024d9_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Pressrelease 

Immedica completes acquisition of Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Stockholm, Sweden February 11, 2025 
Immedica Pharma AB (Immedica), a leading global rare disease company, announced today the completion of the acquisition
of Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Marinus) (Nasdaq: MRNS) through its indirect wholly owned subsidiary Matador Subsidiary, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (Purchaser).

Following the completion of Immedicas successful tender offer
to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of Marinus for USD 0.55 per share, net to the seller thereof in cash (the Offer
Price), without interest and subject to any applicable withholding taxes, Immedica acquired all remaining shares of common
stock of Marinus through a merger pursuant to Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. As a result
of the transaction, Marinus has become an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Immedica, and the common stock of Marinus will cease to
be traded on the Nasdaq Global Market.

At the effective time of the merger, and subject to any perfected appraisal
rights, all of the remaining shares of common stock of Marinus not purchased in the tender offer were converted into the right to receive
the Offer Price without interest and subject to any applicable withholding taxes.

Forward-looking statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements by Immedica
and the acquisition of Marinus by Immedica (the Transaction) that involve risks and uncertainties and reflects Immedicas
judgment as of the date of this press release. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by words such as believe,
can, could, seek, project, expect, anticipate, estimate,
intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may,
might, should, will, would, will be, will continue,
will likely result and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements
about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties, many
of which are outside of Immedicas control. Forward-looking statements are based on Immedicas current expectations and beliefs,
and Immedica cannot give assurances that its expectations or beliefs will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee
of future performance and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual
results or events to differ, possibly materially, from the expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements, including,
among others: litigation relating to the Transaction; the ability of Immedica to retain key personnel from Marinus; competitive responses
to the Transaction; the financial condition, results of operations and business of Immedica; the risk that Immedica may be unable to achieve
the anticipated benefits of the Transaction; other business effects, including the effects of industry, economic or political conditions
outside of the companies control; Immedicas ability to achieve the growth prospects and synergies expected from the transaction,
as well as delays, challenges and expenses associated with integrating Marinus with its existing businesses; and other risks described
in Immedicas prior press releases. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Immedica assumes no obligation
and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise,
except as required by law. Immedica does not give any assurance that it will achieve its expectations.

About Marinus

Marinus is a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company dedicated to
the development of innovative therapeutics for seizure disorders. Marinus product, ZTALMY (ganaxolone) oral suspension
CV, is an FDA-approved prescription medication introduced in the United States in 2022. For more information, please visit www.marinuspharma.com
and follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn and X.

About Immedica

Immedica is a pharmaceutical company, headquartered in Stockholm,
Sweden, focused on the commercialization of medicines for rare diseases and specialty care products. Immedicas capabilities cover
marketing and sales, compliance, pharmacovigilance, quality assurance, regulatory, medical affairs and market access, as well as a global
distribution network serving patients in more than 50 countries. Immedica is fully dedicated to helping those living with diseases which
have a large unmet medical need. Immedicas therapeutic areas are within genetic & metabolic diseases, hematology &
oncology and specialty care. Immedica was founded in 2018 and employs today around 130 people across Europe, the Middle East and the
United States. Immedica is backed by the investment firms KKR and Impilo. For more information visit www.immedica.com.

Immedica contact:

Linda Holmstrm

Head of Communications

linda.holmstrom@immedica.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mrns-20250207.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mrns-20250207_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mrns-20250207_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm256024d9_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 07, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-36576

Entity Registrant Name MARINUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001267813

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-0198082

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5 Radnor Corporate Center

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, Address Line Three 100
Matsonford Rd

Entity Address, City or Town Radnor

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19087

City Area Code 484

Local Phone Number 801-4670

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol MRNS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://marinuspharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mrns-20250207.xsd 
mrns-20250207_lab.xml 
mrns-20250207_pre.xml 
tm256024d9_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-011211-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm256024d9_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001267813 

2025-02-07 
2025-02-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001267813 
8-K 
2025-02-07 
MARINUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
001-36576 
20-0198082 
5 Radnor Corporate Center 
Suite 500 
100 Matsonford Rd 
Radnor 
PA 
19087 
484 
801-4670 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
MRNS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>