<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001135.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001135.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107094507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THUMZUP MEDIA Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853825
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				863651036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42388
		FILM NUMBER:		25513643

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11845 W OLYMPIC BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100W #13
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-237-2887

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11845 W OLYMPIC BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100W #13
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90064
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185382500018538252025-01-062025-01-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (date of earliest event reported): January 6, 2025

THUMZUP
MEDIA CORPORATION

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

Nevada 001-42388 85-3651036

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

11845
W. Olympic Blvd., Ste 1100W #13Los Angeles, CA90064

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code:(800)403-6150

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On January 6, 2025, Thumzup Media Corporation (the
Company, Thumzup, we, or us) purchased 9.783 Bitcoin (BTC)
for $1,000,020, an average price of $102,220 per Bitcoin, inclusive of fees and expenses (BTC Investment).
The Companys Management has requested authorization from its Board of Directors to hold up to 90% of its liquid assets in Bitcoin.

Coinbase
Prime serves as custodian and provides self-custodial wallet services for the Companys BTC holdings. The Form of Coinbase Prime
Broker Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Thumzup
expects to begin paying gig-economy workers in BTC in the coming weeks, in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

In
connection with the BTC Investment, the Company is supplementing the risk factors previously disclosed in its Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (the Q3 2024 Form 10-Q) with the following risk factors. These risk
factors should be read in conjunction with the risk factors included in the Q3 2024 Form 10-Q.

Risks
related to our Bitcoin Acquisition Strategy

WE
ARE NOT REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 AND STOCKHOLDERS DO NOT HAVE THE PROTECTIONS ASSOCIATED
WITH OWNERSHIP OF SHARES IN A REGISTERED INVESTMENT COMPANY NOR THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED BY THE COMMODITIES EXCHANGE ACT.

Our
bitcoin acquisition strategy may expose us to various risks associated with bitcoin

Our
bitcoin acquisition strategy may expose us to various risks associated with bitcoin, including the following:

Bitcoin
is a highly volatile asset. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $38,000 per bitcoin and above $106,000
per bitcoin on Coinbase in the 12 months preceding the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The trading price of bitcoin was significantly
lower during prior periods, and such decline may occur again in the future.

Bitcoin
does not pay interest or dividends.Bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns and we can only generate cash from our
bitcoin holdings if we sell our bitcoin or implement strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate cash by using our bitcoin
holdings. Even if we pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create income streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin
holdings, and any such strategies may subject us to additional risks.

Our
bitcoin acquisition strategy has not been tested. This bitcoin acquisition strategy has not been tested. Although we believe
bitcoin, due to its limited supply, has the potential to serve as a hedge against inflation in the long term, the short-term price of
bitcoin declined in recent periods during which the inflation rate increased. Some investors and other market participants may disagree
with our bitcoin acquisition strategy or actions we undertake to implement it. If bitcoin prices were to decrease or our bitcoin acquisition
strategy otherwise proves unsuccessful, our financial condition, results of operations, and the market price of our common stock would
be materially adversely impacted.

2

We
will be subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks relating to our custodians. Although we intend to implement
various measures that are designed to mitigate our counterparty risks, including by storing substantially all of the bitcoin we may own
in custody accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians and negotiating contractual arrangements intended to establish that
our property interest in custodially-held bitcoin is not subject to claims of our custodians creditors, applicable insolvency
law is not fully developed with respect to the holding of digital assets in custodial accounts. If our custodially-held bitcoin were
nevertheless considered to be the property of our custodians estates in the event that any such custodians were to enter bankruptcy,
receivership or similar insolvency proceedings, we could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of such custodians, inhibiting our
ability to exercise ownership rights with respect to such bitcoin and this may ultimately result in the loss of the value related to
some or all of such bitcoin. Even if we are able to prevent our bitcoin from being considered the property of a custodians bankruptcy
estate as part of an insolvency proceeding, it is possible that we would still be delayed or may otherwise experience difficulty in accessing
our bitcoin held by the affected custodian during the pendency of the insolvency proceedings. Any such outcome could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and the market price of our common stock.

The
broader digital assets industry is subject to counterparty risks, which could adversely impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin. A
series of recent high-profile bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions and other events relating to companies
operating in the digital asset industry, including the filings for bankruptcy protection by Three Arrows Capital, Celsius Network, Voyager
Digital, FTX Trading and Genesis Global Capital, the closure or liquidation of certain financial institutions that provided lending and
other services to the digital assets industry, including Signature Bank and Silvergate Bank, SEC enforcement actions against Coinbase, Inc.
and Binance Holdings Ltd., the placement of Prime Trust, LLC into receivership following a cease-and-desist order issued by Nevadas
Department of Business and Industry, and the filing and subsequent settlement of a civil fraud lawsuit by the New York Attorney General
against Genesis Global Capital, its parent company Digital Currency Group, Inc., and former partner Gemini Trust Company, have highlighted
the counterparty risks applicable to owning and transacting in digital assets. Any similar bankruptcies, closures, liquidations and other
events may not result in any loss or misappropriation of our intended bitcoin holdings, or adversely impact our access to our bitcoin
holdings. Or, any such bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions or other events involving participants in
the digital assets industry may negatively impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin, limit the availability to us of financing
collateralized by bitcoin, or create or expose additional counterparty risks.

Changes
in the accounting treatment of our bitcoin holdings could have significant accounting impacts, including increasing the volatility of
our results. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-08, which upon our adoption will require us to measure
in-scope crypto assets (including our bitcoin holdings) at fair value in our statement of financial position, and to recognize gains
and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 will also require us to provide
certain interim and annual disclosures with respect to our bitcoin holdings. The standard is effective for our interim and annual periods
beginning January 1, 2025, with a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of the beginning of
the annual reporting period in which we adopt the guidance. Due in particular to the volatility in the price of bitcoin, we expect the
adoption of ASU 2023-08 to have a material impact on our financial results in future periods, increase the volatility of our financial
results, and affect the carrying value of our bitcoin on our balance sheet, and it could also have adverse tax consequences, which in
turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our common stock. Additionally, as a result
of ASU 2023-08 requiring a cumulative-effect adjustment to our opening balance of retained earnings as of the beginning of the
annual period in which we adopt the guidance and not permitting retrospective restatement of our historical financial statements, our
future results will not be comparable to results from periods prior to our adoption of the guidance.

The
broader digital assets industry, including the technology associated with digital assets, the rate of adoption and development of, and
use cases for, digital assets, market perception of digital assets, and the legal, regulatory, and accounting treatment of digital assets
are constantly developing and changing, and there may be additional risks in the future that are not possible to predict.

3

Changes
in our ownership of bitcoin could have accounting, regulatory and other impacts. While we currently intend to own bitcoin
directly, we may investigate other potential approaches to owning bitcoin, including indirect ownership (for example, through ownership
interests in a fund that owns bitcoin). If we were to own all or a portion of our bitcoin in a different manner, the accounting treatment
for our bitcoin, our ability to use our bitcoin as collateral for additional borrowings, and the regulatory requirements to which we
are subject, may correspondingly change. For example, the volatile nature of bitcoin may force us to liquidate our holdings to use it
as collateral, which could be negatively effected by any disruptions in the crypto market, and if liquidated, the value of the collateral
would not reflect potential gains in market value of bitcoin, all of which could negatively affect our business and implementation of
our bitcoin strategy.

Bitcoin
and other digital assets are novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty.

Bitcoin
and other digital assets are relatively novel and are subject to significant uncertainty, which could adversely impact their price. The
application of state and federal securities laws and other laws and regulations to digital assets is unclear in certain respects, and
it is possible that regulators in the United States or foreign countries may interpret or apply existing laws and regulations in a manner
that adversely affects the price of bitcoin.

The
U.S. federal government, states, regulatory agencies, and foreign countries may also enact new laws and regulations, or pursue regulatory,
legislative, enforcement or judicial actions, that could materially impact the price of bitcoin or the ability of individuals or institutions
such as us to own or transfer bitcoin. For example, the U.S. executive branch, the SEC, the European Unions Markets in Crypto
Assets Regulation, among others have been active in recent years, and in the U.K., the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, or FSMA
2023 became law. It is not possible to predict whether, or when, any of these developments will lead to Congress granting additional
authorities to the SEC or other regulators, or whether, or when, any other federal, state or foreign legislative bodies will take any
similar actions. It is also not possible to predict the nature of any such additional authorities, how additional legislation or regulatory
oversight might impact the ability of digital asset markets to function or the willingness of financial and other institutions to continue
to provide services to the digital assets industry, nor how any new regulations or changes to existing regulations might impact the value
of digital assets generally and bitcoin specifically. The consequences of increased regulation of digital assets and digital asset activities
could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and in turn adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Moreover,
the risks of engaging in a bitcoin treasury strategy are relatively novel and have created, and could continue to create, complications
due to the lack of experience that third parties have with companies engaging in such a strategy, such as increased costs of director
and officer liability insurance or the potential inability to obtain such coverage on acceptable terms in the future.

The
growth of the digital assets industry in general, and the use and acceptance of bitcoin in particular, may also impact the price of bitcoin
and is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The pace of worldwide growth in the adoption and use of bitcoin may depend, for instance,
on public familiarity with digital assets, ease of buying, accessing or gaining exposure to bitcoin, institutional demand for bitcoin
as an investment asset, the participation of traditional financial institutions in the digital assets industry, consumer demand for bitcoin
as a means of payment, and the availability and popularity of alternatives to bitcoin. Even if growth in bitcoin adoption occurs in the
near or medium-term, there is no assurance that bitcoin usage will continue to grow over the long-term.

Because
bitcoin has no physical existence beyond the record of transactions on the bitcoin blockchain, a variety of technical factors related
to the bitcoin blockchain could also impact the price of bitcoin. For example, malicious attacks by miners, inadequate mining fees to
incentivize validating of bitcoin transactions, hard forks of the bitcoin blockchain into multiple blockchains, and advances
in digital computing, algebraic geometry, and quantum computing could undercut the integrity of the bitcoin blockchain and negatively
affect the price of bitcoin. The liquidity of bitcoin may also be reduced and damage to the public perception of bitcoin may occur, if
financial institutions were to deny or limit banking services to businesses that hold bitcoin, provide bitcoin-related services or accept
bitcoin as payment, which could also decrease the price of bitcoin. Similarly, the open-source nature of the bitcoin blockchain means
the contributors and developers of the bitcoin blockchain are generally not directly compensated for their contributions in maintaining
and developing the blockchain, and any failure to properly monitor and upgrade the bitcoin blockchain could adversely affect the bitcoin
blockchain and negatively affect the price of bitcoin.

4

Recent
actions by U.S. banking regulators have reduced the ability of bitcoin-related services providers to gain access to banking services
and liquidity of bitcoin may also be impacted to the extent that changes in applicable laws and regulatory requirements negatively impact
the ability of exchanges and trading venues to provide services for bitcoin and other digital assets.

Regulatory
change reclassifying bitcoin as a security could lead to our classification as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act, and could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and the market price of our
common stock.

Under
Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company for
purposes of the 1940 Act if (1) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the
business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (2) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing,
reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding
40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe
that we are an investment company, as such term is defined in the 1940 Act, and are not registered as an investment
company under the 1940 Act as of the date of this prospectus supplement.

While
senior SEC officials have stated their view that bitcoin is not a security for purposes of the federal securities laws,
a contrary determination by the SEC could lead to our classification as an investment company under the 1940 Act, if the
portion of our assets consists of investments in bitcoins exceeds 40% safe harbor limits prescribed in the 1940 Act, which would subject
us to significant additional regulatory controls that could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations and may also
require us to change the manner in which we conduct our business.

We
monitor our assets and income for compliance under the 1940 Act and seek to conduct our business activities in a manner such that we
do not fall within its definitions of investment company or that we qualify under one of the exemptions or exclusions provided
by the 1940 Act and corresponding SEC regulations. If bitcoin is determined to constitute a security for purposes of the federal securities
laws, we would take steps to reduce the percentage of bitcoins that constitute investment assets under the 1940 Act. These steps may
include, among others, selling bitcoins that we might otherwise hold for the long term and deploying our cash in non-investment assets,
and we may be forced to sell our bitcoins at unattractive prices. We may also seek to acquire additional non-investment assets to maintain
compliance with the 1940 Act, and we may need to incur debt, issue additional equity or enter into other financing arrangements that
are not otherwise attractive to our business. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. Moreover, we can make no assurance that we would successfully be able to take the necessary steps to avoid being
deemed to be an investment company in accordance with the safe harbor. If we were unsuccessful, and if bitcoin is determined to constitute
a security for purposes of the federal securities laws, then we would have to register as an investment company, and the additional regulatory
restrictions imposed by 1940 Act could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and in turn adversely affect the market price of
our common stock.

We
may be subject to regulatory developments related to crypto assets and crypto asset markets, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

As
bitcoin and other digital assets are relatively novel and the application of state and federal securities laws and other laws and regulations
to digital assets is unclear in certain respects, and it is possible that regulators in the United States or foreign countries may interpret
or apply existing laws and regulations in a manner that adversely affects the price of bitcoin. The U.S. federal government, states,
regulatory agencies, and foreign countries may also enact new laws and regulations, or pursue regulatory, legislative, enforcement or
judicial actions, that could materially impact the price of bitcoin or the ability of individuals or institutions such as us to own or
transfer bitcoin. For examples, see Bitcoin and other digital assets are novel assets, and are subject to significant
legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty above.

5

If
bitcoin is determined to constitute a security for purposes of the federal securities laws, the additional regulatory restrictions imposed
by such a determination could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and in turn adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. See Regulatory change reclassifying bitcoin as a security could lead to our classification as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act, and could adversely affect the market price of
bitcoin and the market price of our common stock above. Moreover, the risks of us engaging in a bitcoin treasury strategy have
created, and could continue to create, complications due to the lack of experience that third parties have with companies engaging in
such a strategy, such as increased costs of director and officer liability insurance or the potential inability to obtain such coverage
on acceptable terms in the future.

Our
intended bitcoin holdings may be less liquid than our existing cash and cash equivalents and may not be able to serve as a source of
liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents.

Historically,
the bitcoin markets have been characterized by significant volatility in price, limited liquidity and trading volumes compared to sovereign
currencies markets, relative anonymity, a developing regulatory landscape, potential susceptibility to market abuse and manipulation,
compliance and internal control failures at exchanges, and various other risks inherent in its entirely electronic, virtual form and
decentralized network. During times of market instability, we may not be able to sell our bitcoin at favorable prices or at all. For
example, a number of bitcoin trading venues temporarily halted deposits and withdrawals in 2022. As a result, our bitcoin holdings may
not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents. Further, bitcoin we may hold with
our custodians and transact with our trade execution partners may not enjoy the same protections as are available to cash or securities
deposited with or transacted by institutions subject to regulation by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Securities Investor
Protection Corporation. Additionally, we may be unable to enter into term loans or other capital raising transactions collateralized
by our unencumbered bitcoin or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings, including in particular during times of market instability
or when the price of bitcoin has declined significantly. If we are unable to sell our bitcoin, enter into additional capital raising
transactions using bitcoin as collateral, or otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings, or if we are forced to sell our bitcoin
at a significant loss, in order to meet our working capital requirements, our business and financial condition could be negatively impacted.

Due
to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many bitcoin trading venues, bitcoin trading venues
may experience greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or operational problems than trading venues for more established asset
classes, which may result in a loss of confidence in bitcoin trading venues and adversely affect the value of our bitcoin

Bitcoin
trading venues are relatively new and, in many cases, unregulated. Furthermore, there are many bitcoin trading venues which do not provide
the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices and regulatory compliance.
As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in bitcoin trading venues, including prominent exchanges that handle a significant volume
of bitcoin trading and/or are subject to regulatory oversight, in the event one or more bitcoin trading venues cease or pause for a prolonged
period the trading of bitcoin or other digital assets, or experience fraud, significant volumes of withdrawal, security failures or operational
problems.

In
2019 there were reports claiming that 80-95% of bitcoin trading volume on trading venues was false or non-economic in nature, with specific
focus on unregulated exchanges located outside of the United States. The SEC also alleged as part of its June 5, 2023, complaint
that Binance Holdings Ltd. committed strategic and targeted wash trading through its affiliates to artificially inflate
the volume of certain digital assets traded on its exchange. The SEC has also brought recent actions against individuals and digital
asset market participants alleging such persons artificially increased trading volumes in certain digital assets through wash trades,
or repeated buying and selling of the same assets in fictitious transactions to manipulate their underlying trading price. Such reports
and allegations may indicate that the bitcoin market is significantly smaller than expected and that the United States makes up a significantly
larger percentage of the bitcoin market than is commonly understood. Any actual or perceived false trading in the bitcoin market, and
any other fraudulent or manipulative acts and practices, could adversely affect the value of our bitcoin. Negative perception, a lack
of stability in the broader bitcoin markets and the closure, temporary shutdown or operational disruption of bitcoin trading venues,
lending institutions, institutional investors, institutional miners, custodians, or other major participants in the bitcoin ecosystem,
due to fraud, business failure, cybersecurity events, government-mandated regulation, bankruptcy, or for any other reason, may result
in a decline in confidence in bitcoin and the broader bitcoin ecosystem and greater volatility in the price of bitcoin. For example,
in 2022, each of Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, Three Arrows Capital, FTX, and BlockFi filed for bankruptcy, following which the market
prices of bitcoin and other digital assets significantly declined. In addition, in June 2023, the SEC announced enforcement actions
against Coinbase, Inc., and Binance Holdings Ltd., two providers of large trading venues for digital assets, which similarly was
followed by a decrease in the market price of bitcoin and other digital assets. These were followed in November 2023, by an SEC
enforcement action against Payward Inc. and Payward Ventures Inc., together known as Kraken, another large trading venue for digital
assets. The price of our common stock may be affected by the value of our bitcoin holdings, the failure of a major participant in the
bitcoin ecosystem could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

6

If
we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our bitcoin,
or if our private keys are lost or destroyed, or other similar circumstances or events occur, we may lose some or all of our bitcoin
and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Currently,
we intend to hold any bitcoin we may own, in custody accounts at U.S.-based institutional-grade digital asset custodians. Security breaches
and cyberattacks are of particular concern with respect to our bitcoin. Bitcoin and other blockchain-based cryptocurrencies and the entities
that provide services to participants in the bitcoin ecosystem have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks,
or other malicious activities. For example, in October 2021 it was reported that hackers exploited a flaw in the account recovery
process and stole from the accounts of at least 6,000 customers of the Coinbase exchange, although the flaw was subsequently fixed and
Coinbase reimbursed affected customers. Similarly, in November 2022, hackers exploited weaknesses in the security architecture of
the FTX Trading digital asset exchange and reportedly stole over $400 million in digital assets from customers. A successful security
breach or cyberattack could result in:

a
partial or total loss of our bitcoin in a manner that may not be covered by insurance or the liability provisions of the custody
agreements with the custodians who hold our bitcoin;

harm
to our reputation and brand;

improper
disclosure of data and violations of applicable data privacy and other laws; or

significant
regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory, contractual and financial exposure.

Further,
any actual or perceived data security breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other companies with digital assets or companies that
operate digital asset networks, regardless of whether we are directly impacted, could lead to a general loss of confidence in the broader
bitcoin blockchain ecosystem or in the use of the bitcoin network to conduct financial transactions, which could negatively impact us.

Attacks
upon systems across a variety of industries, including industries related to bitcoin, are increasing in frequency, persistence, and sophistication,
and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. The
techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to systems and information (including personal data and digital assets),
disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized
or detected until after they have been launched against a target. These attacks may occur on our systems or those of our third-party
service providers or partners. We may experience breaches of our security measures due to human error, malfeasance, insider threats,
system errors or vulnerabilities or other irregularities. In particular, we expect that unauthorized parties will attempt, to gain access
to our systems and facilities, as well as those of our partners and third-party service providers, through various means, such as hacking,
social engineering, phishing and fraud. Threats can come from a variety of sources, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored
intrusions, industrial espionage, and insiders. In addition, certain types of attacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed.
For example, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or undetectable, sometimes for extended periods of time, or until launched
against a target and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures. Further, there has been an increase in such activities
due to the increase in work-from-home arrangements. The risk of cyberattacks could also be increased by cyberwarfare in connection with
the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts, or other future conflicts, including potential proliferation of malware into systems
unrelated to such conflicts. Any future breach of our operations or those of others in the bitcoin industry, including third-party services
on which we rely, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Exhibits

10.1 Form
of Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

7

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 7, 2025 THUMZUP
MEDIA CORPORATION

By: /s/
Robert Steele

Name: Robert
Steele

Title: Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COINBASE PRIME BROKER AGREEMENT

General
Terms and Conditions

1. Introduction

1.1 This
agreement dated as of (the Effective Date) (including, the Coinbase Custody
Services Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Custody Agreement),
the Coinbase Master Trading Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B (the MTA),
and all other exhibits, addenda, and supplements attached hereto or referenced herein, (collectively,
the Coinbase PBA)), is entered into by and between Thumzup Media Corporation
(Client), and Coinbase, Inc. (Coinbase), for and
on behalf of itself and on behalf of Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (Coinbase
Custody), and, if applicable, Coinbase Credit, Inc. (Coinbase Credit,)
or Coinbase Custody International Ltd. (CCI) and collectively with Coinbase
and Coinbase Custody, the Coinbase Entities).

1.2 This
Coinbase PBA sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Coinbase Entities
will provide to Client custody, trade execution, lending, post-trade credit (if applicable),
and other services (collectively, the PB Services) for certain digital
assets (Digital Assets) and cash as set forth herein. As part of the
PB Services, Coinbase will establish and maintain for Client the Trading Account (as defined
and described in Section 2 of the MTA), and Coinbase Custody will establish and maintain
for Client the Vault Account (as defined and described in Sections 1.1 and 2 of the Custody
Agreement) (collectively with the Trading account, the Accounts).

1.3 Clients
Digital Assets are referred to as Client Digital Assets, Clients
cash is referred to as Client Cash, and Client Digital Assets and Client
Cash are together referred to as Client Assets.

1.4 Client
and the Coinbase Entities (individually or collectively, as the context requires) may also
be referred to as a Party. Capitalized terms not defined in these General
Terms and Conditions (the General Terms) shall have the meanings assigned
to them in the respective exhibit, addendum, or supplement. Any singular term in this Coinbase
PBA will be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular and the words
such as, include, includes, or including
are deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not expressly
stated. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
as the word shall. In the event of a conflict between these General Terms and
any exhibit, addendum, or supplement hereto, the document governing the specific relevant
PB Service shall control in respect of such PB Service.

2. Conflicts
of Interest Acknowledgement

Client
acknowledges that the Coinbase Entities may have actual or potential conflicts of interest in connection with providing the PB Services
including that (i) Orders (as such term is defined in the MTA) may be routed to Coinbases exchange platform where Orders may be
executed against other Coinbase clients or with Coinbase acting as principal, (ii) the beneficial identity of the purchaser or seller
with respect to an Order is unknown and therefore may be another Coinbase client, (iii) Coinbase does not engage in front-running, but
is aware of Orders or imminent Orders and may execute a trade for its own inventory (or the account of an affiliate) while in possession
of that knowledge, and (iv) Coinbase may act in a principal capacity with respect to certain Orders (e.g., to fill residual Order size
when a portion of an Order may be below the minimum size accepted by the CTV (as defined in Section 1.1 of the MTA)). As a result of
these and other conflicts, the Coinbase Entities may have an incentive to favor their own interests and the interests of their affiliates
over a particular clients (including Clients) interests. Coinbase has in place certain policies and procedures that are
designed to mitigate such conflicts.

3. Account
Statements

Coinbase
will make available to Client an electronic account statement every month. Each account statement will identify the amount of cash and
each Digital Asset credited to Clients Accounts at the end of the period and set forth of Clients activity during that
period.

4. Client
Instructions

4.1 In
a written notice to the relevant Coinbase Entity, Client may designate persons or entities
authorized to act on behalf of Client with respect to the PB Services (the Authorized
Representative). Upon such designation, the Coinbase Entities may rely on the
validity of such appointment until such time as Coinbase receives Instructions from Client
revoking such appointment or designating a new Authorized Representative.

4.2 The
Coinbase Entities may act upon instructions received from Client or Clients Authorized
Representative (Instructions). When taking action upon Instructions,
the applicable Coinbase Entity shall act in a reasonable manner, and in conformance with
the following: (a) Instructions shall continue in full force and effect until executed, canceled,
or superseded; (b) if any Instructions are ambiguous, the applicable Coinbase Entity shall
refuse to execute such Instructions until any such ambiguity has been resolved to the Coinbase
Entitys satisfaction; (c) the Coinbase Entities may refuse to execute Instructions
if in the applicable Coinbase Entitys opinion such Instructions are outside the scope
of its obligations under this Coinbase PBA or are contrary to any applicable law, rule, regulation,
court order, or binding order of a government authority; and (d) the Coinbase Entities may
rely on any Instructions, notice, or other communication believed by it in good faith to
be given by Client or Clients Authorized Representative. Client shall be fully responsible
and liable for, and the Coinbase Entities shall have no liability with respect to, any and
all Claims and Losses (each as defined below) arising out of or relating to inaccurate or
ambiguous Instructions. If Client is a trust, Client agrees that the Coinbase Entities shall
have no liability for following the trustees instructions.

4.3 Each
Coinbase Entity will comply with Clients Instructions to stake, stack, or vote Client
Digital Assets to the extent the applicable Coinbase Entity supports proof of stake validation,
proof of transfer validation, or voting for such Digital Assets. The Coinbase Entities may,
in their sole discretion, decide whether or not to support or cease supporting staking services,
stacking, or voting for a Digital Asset.

5. Representations,
Warranties, and Additional Covenants

Client
represents, warrants, and covenants (which shall be deemed to repeat each of the following on each day on which it provides an Instruction)
that:

5.1 Client
has the full power, authority, and capacity to enter into this Coinbase PBA and to engage
in transactions with respect to all Digital Assets relating to the PB Services;

5.2 Client
is and shall remain in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in
each jurisdiction in which Client operates or otherwise uses the PB Services, including U.S.
securities laws and regulations, as well as any applicable state and federal laws, including
AML and Sanctions Laws and Regulations (as defined below), and other anti-terrorism statutes,
regulations, and conventions of the U.S. or other international jurisdictions;

5.3 Client
is and shall remain in good standing with all relevant government agencies, departments,
regulatory, self-regulatory, and supervisory bodies in all relevant jurisdictions in which
it does business, and it will immediately notify Coinbase if it ceases to be in good standing
with any regulatory authority;

2

5.4 Client
is not a resident in nor organized under the laws of any country with which transactions
or dealings are prohibited by governmental sanctions imposed by the U.S., the United Nations,
the European Union, the United Kingdom, or any other applicable jurisdiction (collectively,
Sanctions Regimes), nor is it owned or controlled by a person, entity
or government prohibited under an applicable Sanctions Regime;

5.5 If
it is a legal entity, it has implemented an AML and sanctions program that is reasonably
designed to comply with applicable AML, anti-terrorist, anti-bribery/corruption, and Sanctions
Regime laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended
by the USA PATRIOT Act (collectively, AML and Sanctions Laws and Regulations).
Said program includes: (a) a customer due diligence program designed to identify and verify
the identities of Clients customers; (b) enhanced due diligence on high-risk customers,
including but not limited to customers designated as politically exposed persons or residing
in high-risk jurisdictions; (c) processes to conduct ongoing monitoring of customer transactional
activity and report any activity deemed to be suspicious; (d) ongoing customer sanctions
screening against applicable Sanctions Regimes lists; and (e) processes to maintain records
related to the above controls as required by law;

5.6 Client
does not maintain any asset in an Account which is derived from any unlawful activity and
it will not instruct or otherwise cause Coinbase to hold any assets or engage in any transaction
that would cause Coinbase to violate applicable laws and regulations, including applicable
AML and Sanctions Laws and Regulations;

5.7 Client
shall promptly provide such information as the Coinbase Entities may reasonably request from
time to time regarding: (a) its policies, procedures, and activities which relate to the
PB Services, including information on Clients underlying customers, where applicable;
and (b) its use of the PB Services, in each case to the extent reasonably necessary for the
Coinbase Entities to comply with any applicable laws, rules, and regulations (including money
laundering statutes, regulations, and conventions of the U.S. or other jurisdictions), or
the guidance or direction of, or request from, any regulatory authority or financial institution;

5.8 By
executing this Agreement, Client further provides written consent to allow the Coinbase Entities
to request and obtain any and all beneficial owner information regarding the Client that
is maintained on any national beneficial ownership registry, including, but not limited to,
the Beneficial Ownership Information Registry maintained by the U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement
Network (FinCEN), in order to assist the Coinbase Entities in complying with
their anti-money laundering and customer due diligence obligations, with the understanding
that the Coinbase Entities will only use such information for those purposes and will maintain
the information pursuant to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.

5.9 Clients
use of the PB Services shall be for commercial, business purposes only, limited to activities
disclosed in the due diligence information submitted to Coinbase, and shall not include any
personal, family, or household purposes. It shall promptly notify Coinbase in writing in
the event it intends to use the PB Services in connection with any business activities not
previously disclosed to Coinbase. Coinbase may, in its sole discretion, prohibit Client from
using the PB Services in connection with any business activities not previously disclosed;

5.10 Clients
Authorized Representatives have the: (a) full power, authority, and capacity to access and
use the PB Services; and (b) appropriate sophistication, expertise, and knowledge necessary
to understand the nature and risks, and make informed decisions, in respect of Digital Assets
and the PB Services;

5.11 This
Coinbase PBA is a legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms;

5.12 Client
has not relied on any Coinbase Entity for any investment, legal, tax, or accounting advice,
and Client is solely responsible, and shall not rely on any Coinbase Entity, for determining
whether any investment, investment strategy, transaction, legal consideration, or tax or
accounting treatment involving any assets (including Digital Assets) is appropriate for Client
based on its investment objectives, financial circumstances, risk tolerance, legal considerations,
and tax or accounting consequences;

3

5.13 Client
has duly appointed and authorized the individual(s) whose signatures are stated below to
execute and deliver this Coinbase PBA;

5.14 Client
has the right to deliver any assets it transfers to a Coinbase Entity and all such assets
are free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances (other than liens solely in favor
of any of the Coinbase Entities) and Client will not cause or allow any of the Accounts,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to be or become subject to any liens, security interests,
mortgages, or encumbrances of any nature (other than liens solely in favor of any of the
Coinbase Entities);

5.15 To
the best of Clients knowledge, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, or
proceeding at law or in equity or before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency,
official, or arbitrator against Client that is likely to affect the legality, validity, or
enforceability against it of this Coinbase PBA or the ability of Client to perform its obligations
hereunder;

5.16 Unless
it advises Coinbase to the contrary in writing, at all times, none of Clients assets
constitute, directly or indirectly, plan assets subject to the fiduciary responsibility and
prohibited transaction sections of the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended (ERISA), the prohibited transaction provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. law that is similar
to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Client shall immediately provide Coinbase with a written
notice in the event that it becomes aware that it is in breach of the foregoing;

5.17 To
the extent Client provides a Coinbase Entity with Instructions (which may include standing
Instructions) to implement a vesting or lockup schedule for a particular token in connection
with Clients obligations to a token issuer, such vesting or lockup schedule (and any
subsequent changes made by Client to the vesting or lockup schedule, if any) will accurately
reflect the terms of Clients obligations to the token issuer; and

5.18 Client
will promptly inform Coinbase in writing if any of the above representations, warranties,
and covenants cease to be true.

Coinbase,
on behalf of itself and each other Coinbase Entity, represents, warrants, and covenants that:

5.19 Coinbase
possesses and will maintain all licenses, registrations, authorizations, and approvals required
by any applicable government agency or regulatory authority for it to operate its business
and provide the PB Services;

5.20 Coinbase
will not, directly or indirectly, lend, pledge, hypothecate, or rehypothecate Client Assets
unless otherwise agreed in writing by Client;

5.21 Coinbase
has the full power, authority, and capacity to enter into and be bound by this Coinbase PBA;
and

5.22 This
Coinbase PBA is a legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms.

6. No
Investment Advice or Brokerage

6.1 Client
assumes responsibility for each transaction executed by or for it in connection with this
Coinbase PBA. Client understands and agrees that none of the Coinbase Entities is acting
as a broker as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or as an investment
adviser as defined in the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Investment Advisers
Act) with respect to their activities in connection with this Coinbase PBA, and
the Coinbase Entities have no liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever for Client
decisions relating to the PB Services. Client should consult its own legal, tax, investment,
and accounting professionals.

4

6.2 While
the Coinbase Entities may make certain general information available to Client (including
Market Data, as defined in Section 7 of the MTA), the Coinbase Entities are not providing
and will not provide Client with any investment, legal, tax, or accounting advice regarding
Clients specific situation. The Coinbase Entities shall have no liability, obligation,
or responsibility whatsoever regarding any decision to enter into in any transaction with
respect to any asset (including Digital Assets).

7. Opt-In
to Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code

Each
item of property (including Client Assets) credited to an Account will be treated as financial assets under Article 8 of
the New York Uniform Commercial Code (Article 8). Coinbase and Coinbase Custody are securities intermediaries,
the Accounts are each securities accounts, and Client is an entitlement holder under Article 8. This Coinbase
PBA sets forth how the Coinbase Entities will satisfy their Article 8 duties. Treating property in the Accounts as financial assets under
Article 8 does not determine the characterization or treatment of such property under any other law or rule. New York will be the securities
intermediarys jurisdiction with respect to Coinbase and Coinbase Custody, and New York law will govern all issues addressed in
Article 2(1) of the Hague Securities Convention. Coinbase and Coinbase Custody will credit Client with any payments or distributions
on any Client Assets it holds for Clients Accounts, unless (i) the payment or distribution is an Advanced Protocol (as defined
below) that Coinbase does not support (as described in Section 14.2), (ii) Coinbase lacks the technological capabilities to provide Client
with these payments or distributions, or (iii) Coinbase cannot deliver the distributions for legal or other reasons that make providing
such distributions impossible or impracticable. Coinbase and Coinbase Custody will comply with Clients Instructions with respect
to Client Assets in the Accounts, subject to the terms of this Coinbase PBA, and related Coinbase rules, including the Prime Trading
Rules (as defined in preamble to the MTA).

8. General
Use, Security and Prohibited Use

8.1 Prime
Broker Site and Content. During the term of this Coinbase PBA, the Coinbase Entities
hereby grant Client a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable,
and royalty- free license, subject to the terms of this Coinbase PBA, to access and use the
Coinbase Prime Broker Site accessible at prime.coinbase.com (the Coinbase PB Site)
and related content, materials, and information (collectively, the Content)
solely for Clients internal business use and other purposes as permitted by Coinbase
in writing from time to time. Any other use of the Coinbase PB Site or Content is hereby
prohibited. All other right, title, and interest (including all copyright, trademark, patent,
trade secrets, and all other intellectual property rights) in the Coinbase PB Site, Content,
and PB Services is and will remain the exclusive property of the Coinbase Entities and their
licensors. Client shall not copy, transmit, distribute, sell, license, reverse engineer,
modify, publish, or participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from,
or in any other way exploit any of the PB Services or Content, in whole or in part. Coinbase,
Coinbase Prime, prime.coinbase.com, and all logos related to
the PB Services or displayed on the Coinbase PB Site are either trademarks or registered
marks of the Coinbase Entities or their licensors. Client may not copy, imitate, or use them
without Coinbases prior written consent. The license granted under this Section will
automatically terminate upon termination of this Coinbase PBA, or the suspension or termination
of Clients access to the Coinbase PB Site or PB Services.

8.2 Supported
Digital Assets. Coinbase determines in its sole discretion which Digital Assets to support
for use with the Trading Services (as defined in the preamble to the MTA), as specified on
the Coinbase PB Site. Not all Digital Assets supported for Custodial Services (as defined
in Section 1.1 of the Custody Agreement) are also supported for Trading Services.

5

8.3 Use
of the Coinbase PB Site. Client agrees to access and use the Coinbase PB Site to review
any Orders, deposits, or withdrawals or required actions to confirm the authenticity of any
communication or notice from the Coinbase Entities.

8.4 Unauthorized
Users. Client shall not permit any person or entity that is not Client or an Authorized
Representative (each, an Unauthorized User) to access, connect to, or
use the Coinbase PB Site or the PB Services. The Coinbase Entities shall have no liability,
obligation, or responsibility whatsoever for, and Client shall be fully responsible and liable
for, any and all Claims and Losses arising out of or relating to the acts and omissions of
any Unauthorized User in respect of the Coinbase PB Site or the PB Services. Client shall
notify Coinbase immediately if Client believes or becomes aware that an Unauthorized User
has accessed, connected to, or used the Coinbase PB Site or the PB Services.

8.5 Password
Security; Contact Information. Client is fully responsible for maintaining adequate security
and control of any and all IDs, passwords, hints, personal identification numbers (PINs),
API keys, YubiKeys, other security or confirmation information or hardware, and any other
codes that Client or an Authorized Representative uses to access the Coinbase PB Site or
the PB Services. Client agrees to keep Clients email address and telephone number
on the Coinbase PB Site up to date in order to receive any notices or alerts that the Coinbase
Entities may send to Client. Client shall be fully responsible for, and the Coinbase Entities
shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever for, any Losses that Client
may sustain due to compromise of Clients login credentials. In the event Client believes
Clients login credentials or other information with respect to the Coinbase PB Site
or the PB Services has been compromised, Client must contact Coinbase immediately.

8.6 Prohibited
Use. Client will comply with the Prohibited Use Policy found at https://www.coinbase.com/legal/prohibited_use.

9. Taxes

9.1 Taxes.
Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, Client shall be fully responsible and liable
for, and the Coinbase Entities shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever
for, the payment of any and all present and future tariffs, duties, or taxes (including withholding
taxes, transfer taxes, stamp taxes, documentary taxes, value added taxes, personal property
taxes, and all similar costs) imposed or levied by any government or governmental agency
(collectively, Taxes) and any related Claims and Losses or the accounting
or reporting of income or other Taxes arising from or relating to any transactions Client
conducts through the PB Services. Client shall file all tax returns, reports, and disclosures
required by applicable law.

9.2 Withholding
Tax. Except as required by applicable law, each payment under this Coinbase PBA or collateral
deliverable by Client to any Coinbase Entities shall be made, and the value of any collateral
or margin shall be calculated, without withholding or deducting of any Taxes. If any Taxes
are required to be withheld or deducted, Client (a) authorizes the Coinbase Entities to effect
such withholding or deduction and remit such Taxes to the relevant taxing authorities and
(b) shall pay such additional amounts or deliver such further collateral as necessary to
ensure that the actual net amount received by the Coinbase Entities is equal to the amount
that the Coinbase Entities would have received had no such withholding or deduction been
required. Client agrees that the Coinbase Entities may disclose any information with respect
to Client Assets and the PB Services, including the Accounts and Clients transactions
and Orders, required by any applicable taxing authority or other governmental entity. Client
agrees that the Coinbase Entities may withhold or deduct Taxes as may be required by applicable
law. From time to time, Coinbase Entities shall ask Client for tax documentation or certification
of Clients taxpayer status as required by applicable law, and any failure by Client
to comply with this request in the time frame identified may result in withholding or remission
of taxes to a tax authority as required by applicable law.

6

10. PB
Services Fees

10.1 Client
agrees to pay all commissions and fees in connection with Orders and the PB Services on a
timely basis. This includes the fees set out in the Fee Schedule, as amended from time-to-time,
and pass-through fees such as bank fees and network fees from third parties. If such fees
remain unpaid following the payment date, Client authorizes the Coinbase Entities to deduct
any such unpaid amounts from Clients Accounts. The Coinbase Entities will in their
sole discretion determine the appropriate level of rounding of amounts to minimize any rounding
error.

10.2 In
addition to any fees payable pursuant to the Fee Schedule, as payment in part for the Custodial
Services Coinbase provides under this Coinbase PBA, Client agrees to pay Coinbase an additional
fee equal to the amount of any interest and other earnings attributable or allocable to Client
Cash credited to the Trading Account and Vault Account (if applicable) by deducting fees
from the Client Accounts to satisfy Clients fees owed. Client agrees and understands
that Coinbase will collect any such fees at the time such interest or other earnings are
received by Coinbase.

11. Confidentiality

11.1 Client
and the Coinbase Entities each agree that with respect to any non-public, confidential, or
proprietary information of the other Party, including the existence and terms of this Coinbase
PBA, the other Partys business operations or business relationships (including the
Coinbase Entities fees), and any arbitration pursuant to Section 21 (collectively,
Confidential Information), it (a) will not disclose such Confidential
Information except to such partys officers, directors, agents, employees, and professional
advisors who need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of assisting in the
performance of this Coinbase PBA and who are informed of, and agree to be bound by, obligations
of confidentiality no less restrictive than those set forth herein and (b) will protect such
Confidential Information from unauthorized use and disclosure. Each Party shall use any Confidential
Information that it receives solely for purposes of (i) exercising its rights and performing
its duties under the Coinbase PBA and (ii) complying with any applicable laws, rules, and
regulations; provided that, the Coinbase Entities may use Confidential Information for (1)
risk management and (2) to develop, enhance, and market their products and services. Confidential
Information shall not include any (w) information that is or becomes generally publicly available
through no fault of the recipient, (x) information that the recipient obtains from a third
party (other than in connection with this Coinbase PBA) that, to the recipients best
knowledge, is not bound by a confidentiality agreement prohibiting such disclosure, (y) information
that is independently developed or acquired by the recipient without the use of Confidential
Information provided by the disclosing party, or (z) disclosure with the prior written consent
of the disclosing Party.

11.2 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, each Party may disclose Confidential Information of the other Party to the
extent required by a court of competent jurisdiction or governmental authority or otherwise
required by law; provided, however, the Party making such required disclosure shall first
notify the other Party (to the extent legally permissible) and shall afford the other Party
a reasonable opportunity to seek confidential treatment if it wishes to do so and will consider
in good faith reasonable and timely requests for redaction. For purposes of this Section,
no affiliate of Coinbase shall be considered a third party of any Coinbase Entity, and the
Coinbase Entities may freely share Clients Confidential Information among each other
and with such affiliates. All documents and other tangible objects containing or representing
Confidential Information and all copies or extracts thereof or notes derived therefrom that
are in the possession or control of the receiving Party shall be and remain the property
of the disclosing Party and shall be promptly returned to the disclosing Party or destroyed,
each upon the disclosing Partys request; provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing,
the receiving Party may retain one (1) copy of Confidential Information if (a) required by
law or regulation or (b) retained pursuant to an established document retention policy.

7

12. Security
and Business Continuity

The
Coinbase Entities shall not have any liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever for any damage or interruptions caused by any
computer viruses, spyware, scareware, Trojan horses, worms, or other malware that may affect computer or other equipment, or any phishing,
spoofing, or other attack, unless such damage or interruption directly resulted from the Coinbase Entities gross negligence, fraud,
or willful misconduct. Client agrees to access and use the PB Services through the Coinbase PB Site to review any Orders, deposits, or
withdrawals or required actions to confirm the authenticity of any communication or notice from the Coinbase Entities.

The
Coinbase Entities have implemented and will maintain a reasonable information security program that includes policies and procedures
that are reasonably designed to safeguard the Coinbase Entities electronic systems and Clients Confidential Information
from, among other things, unauthorized access or misuse. In the event of a Data Security Incident (as defined below), the applicable
Coinbase Entity shall promptly notify as required by New York law, Client and such notice shall include the following information: (a)
the timing and nature of the Data Security Incident; (b) the information related to Client that was compromised; (c)
when the Data Security Incident was discovered; and (d) any remedial actions that have been taken and that the applicable Coinbase Entity
plans to take. Data Security Incident means an incident whereby (i) an unauthorized person acquired or accessed
Clients Confidential Information, or (ii) Clients Confidential Information is otherwise lost, stolen, or compromised, in
each case while in the possession or control of the Coinbase Entities resulting in material harm to the Client.

The
Coinbase Entities have established a business continuity plan that will support their ability to conduct business in the event of a significant
business disruption. The business continuity plan is reviewed and updated annually, and may be updated more frequently as deemed necessary
by the Coinbase Entities in their sole discretion. To receive more information about the Coinbase Entities business continuity
plan, please send a written request to Clients account manager or sales representative.

13. Acknowledgement
of Risks

Client
hereby acknowledges, that:

(i) Digital
Assets are not legal tender, are not backed by any government or government agency, and the
Vault Account and the Trading Account are not subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
or Securities Investor Protection Corporation protections;

(ii) Legislative
and regulatory changes or actions at the state, federal, or international level may adversely
affect (1) the use, transfer, exchange, and value of Digital Assets or (2) Coinbases
ability or willingness to support one or more Digital Assets;

(iii) Transactions
in Digital Assets are irreversible, and, accordingly, Digital Assets lost due to fraudulent
or accidental transactions may not be recoverable;

(iv) Certain
Digital Asset transactions will be deemed to be made when recorded on a public blockchain
ledger, which is not necessarily the date or time that Client initiates the transaction or
such transaction enters the pool;

(v) The
value of Digital Assets may be derived from the continued willingness of market participants
to exchange any fiat currency for Digital Assets, which may result in the permanent and total
loss of value of a Digital Asset should the market for that Digital Asset disappear;

(vi) There
is no assurance that a person or entity who accepts a Digital Assets as payment today will
continue to do so in the future;

8

(vii) The
volatility and unpredictability of the price of Digital Assets relative to fiat currency
may result in significant losses over a short period of time;

(viii) The
nature of Digital Assets may lead to an increased risk of fraud or cyber-attack;

(ix) The
nature of Digital Assets means that any technological difficulties experienced by a Coinbase
Entity may prevent access to or use of Client Digital Assets; and

(x) Any
bond or trust account maintained by Coinbase Entities for the benefit of its customers may
not be sufficient to cover all losses (including Losses) incurred by customers.

14. Operation
of Digital Asset Protocols

14.1 The
Coinbase Entities do not own or control the underlying software protocols which govern the
operation of Digital Assets. Generally, the underlying software protocols and, if applicable,
related smart contracts (referred to collectively as Protocols for purposes
of this Section) are open source and anyone can use, copy, modify, or distribute them. By
using the PB Services, Client acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the Coinbase Entities make
no guarantee of the functionality, security, or availability of underlying Protocols; (ii)
some underlying Protocols are subject to consensus-based proof of stake validation methods
which may allow, by virtue of their governance systems, changes to the associated blockchain
or digital ledger (Governance Modifiable Blockchains), and that any
Client transactions validated on such Governance Modifiable Blockchains may be affected accordingly;
and (iii) the underlying Protocols are subject to sudden changes in operating rules (a/k/a
forks), and that such forks may materially affect the value, function, and
even the name of the Digital Assets. In the event of a fork, Client agrees that the Coinbase
Entities may temporarily suspend PB Services (with or without notice to Client) and that
the Coinbase Entities may, in their sole discretion, determine whether or not to support
or cease supporting either branch of the forked protocol entirely. Client agrees that the
Coinbase Entities shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever arising
out of or relating to the operation of Protocols, transactions affected by Governance Modifiable
Blockchains, or an unsupported branch of a forked protocol and, accordingly, Client acknowledges
and assumes the risk of the same.

14.2 Except
to the extent otherwise specifically communicated by the Coinbase Entities through a written
public statement on the Coinbase website, the Coinbase Entities do not support airdrops,
metacoins, colored coins, side chains, or other derivative, enhanced, or forked protocols,
tokens, or coins, which supplement or interact with a Digital Asset (collectively, Advanced
Protocols) in connection with the PB Services. The PB Services are not configured
to detect, process, or secure Advanced Protocol transactions and neither Client nor any Coinbase
Entity will be able to retrieve any unsupported Advanced Protocol. No Coinbase Entity shall
have liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever in respect of Advanced Protocols.

15. Disclaimer
of Warranties

TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PB SERVICES AND THE COINBASE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS AND AS
AVAILABLE BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND THE COINBASE ENTITIES HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT
TO THE PB SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY,
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COINBASE ENTITIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE PB SERVICES,
INCLUDING ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE COINBASE WEBSITES, OR ANY OF THE CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN, WILL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
COMPATIBLE WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR OTHER SERVICES, SECURE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR-FREE.

9

16. Indemnification

16.1 Client
shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless each Coinbase Entity, its affiliates, and their
respective officers, directors, agents, employees, and representatives (each, a Coinbase
Party and collectively, the Coinbase Parties) from and against any and
all Claims and Losses arising out of or relating to Clients breach of this Coinbase
PBA, Clients violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or rights of any third party,
or Clients gross negligence, fraud, or willful misconduct. This obligation will survive
any termination of this Coinbase PBA. Client shall not accept any settlement of any Claims
or Losses if such settlement imposes any financial or non-financial liabilities, obligations
or restrictions on, or requires an admission of guilt or wrong-doing from, any Coinbase Party
pursuant to this Section, without such Coinbase Partys prior written consent.

16.2 For
the purposes of this Coinbase PBA:

(a) Claim
means any action, suit, litigation, demand, charge, arbitration, proceeding (including any
civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, or appellate proceeding), hearing, inquiry,
audit, examination, or investigation commenced, brought, conducted, or heard by or before,
or otherwise involving, any court or other governmental, regulatory, or administrative body,
or any arbitrator or arbitration panel; and

(b) Losses
means any liabilities, damages, diminution in value, payments, obligations, losses, interest,
costs and expenses, security, or other remediation costs (including any regulatory investigation
or third party subpoena costs, reasonable attorneys fees, court costs, expert witness
fees, and other expenses relating to investigating or defending any Claim); fines, taxes,
fees, restitution, or penalties imposed by any governmental, regulatory, or administrative
body, interest on and additions to tax with respect to, or resulting from, Taxes imposed
on Clients assets, cash, other property, or any income or gains derived therefrom;
and judgments (at law or in equity) or awards of any nature.

17. Limitation
of Liability

17.1 Standard
of Care.

IN
NO EVENT SHALL ANY COINBASE PARTY BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, CLAIM, OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY CLIENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT
SUCH LOSS, CLAIM, OR DAMAGE DIRECTLY RESULTED FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FRAUD OF A COINBASE PARTY.

NO
COINBASE PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS CAUSED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BY (A) THE FAILURE OF CLIENT TO ADHERE TO COINBASES
POLICIES AND PROCEDURES THAT HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED TO THE CLIENT, (B) ANY FAILURE OR DELAY TO ACT BY ANY SERVICE PROVIDER TO CLIENT, OR
(C) ANY SYSTEM FAILURE (OTHER THAN A SYSTEM FAILURE CAUSED BY THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FRAUD OF A COINBASE ENTITY)
THAT PREVENTS A COINBASE ENTITY FROM FULFILLING ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS COINBASE PBA.

17.2 Liability
Caps.

THE
LIABILITY OF SUCH COINBASE PARTY WILL NOT EXCEED

(A)
THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY CLIENT TO THE RELEVANT COINBASE ENTITY IN RESPECT OF THE PB SERVICES IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR
TO THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY (SUCH EVENT, THE LIABILITY EVENT), OR

10

(B)
SOLELY IN RESPECT OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES PROVIDED PURSUANT TO THE CUSTODY AGREEMENT, THE GREATER OF:

(i) THE
AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY CLIENT TO COINBASE CUSTODY IN RESPECT OF THE CUSTODIAL SERVICES
IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE LIABILITY EVENT, OR

(ii) THE
VALUE, AT THE TIME THE LIABILITY EVENT OCCURRED, OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL ASSETS ON DEPOSIT
IN CLIENTS VAULT ACCOUNT(S) DIRECTLY AFFECTED BY SUCH LIABILITY EVENT. THE COINBASE
ENTITIES WILL VALUE THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL ASSETS USING THE SAME VALUATION METHODS AND PROCESSES
THAT ARE OTHERWISE USED WHEN A COINBASE CUSTOMER SELLS AN ASSET ON THE COINBASE PB SITE OR
ANY OTHER COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE VALUATION METHOD AS DETERMINED BY COINBASE IN ITS SOLE
DISCRETION;

PROVIDED
THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL COINBASE CUSTODYS AGGREGATE LIABILITY IN RESPECT OF ANY CUSTODY COLD WALLET EXCEED ONE HUNDRED MILLION
U.S. DOLLARS (US$100,000,000). IN THE EVENT OF ANY LOSS SUSTAINED BY CLIENT FOR WHICH A COINBASE PARTY IS LIABLE HEREUNDER, THE LIABILITY
OF SUCH COINBASE PARTY SHALL BE REDUCED TO THE EXTENT THAT CLIENTS OWN BREACH CONTRIBUTED TO SUCH LOSS.

17.3 Waiver
of Consequential Damages

TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NO PARTY HERETO SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
OR PUNITIVE LOSS OR DAMAGE OR SIMILAR LOSSES OR DAMAGES, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAD BEEN ADVISED OF OR KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF
THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

17.4 No
Joint and Several Liability

NOTHING
IN THIS COINBASE PBA SHALL BE DEEMED TO CREATE ANY JOINT OR SEVERAL LIABILITY AMONG ANY OF THE COINBASE ENTITIES.

18. Term,
Termination and Suspension

This
Coinbase PBA shall remain in effect until terminated by a Coinbase Entity or Client as follows:

18.1 Client
or any Coinbase Entity may terminate this Coinbase PBA in whole or in part for any reason
and absent an Event of Default by providing at least 30 days prior notice to the other
party; provided, however, Clients termination of this Coinbase PBA shall not be effective
until Client has fully satisfied its obligations hereunder. In addition, any Coinbase Entity
may suspend or restrict any PB Service by providing at least 30 days prior notice
to Client.

18.2 Regardless
of any other provision of this Coinbase PBA, the Coinbase Entities may, in their sole discretion,
suspend, restrict, or terminate Clients PB Services, including by suspending, restricting,
or closing Clients Accounts or any provision of credit (as applicable), immediately
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, at any time and without prior notice to Client.

11

Event
of Default shall mean:

(i) Client
breaches any provision of this Coinbase PBA;

(ii) Client
breaches any of the representations or warranties contained in Section 5 of this Coinbase
PBA;

(iii) A
default or event of default under, or termination of, any other agreement between Client
and a Coinbase Entity, including the Events of Default listed in the Post Trade Financing
Agreement or Portfolio Financing and Margining Agreement;

(iv) Client
takes any action to dissolve or liquidate, in whole or in part;

(v) Client
becomes insolvent, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or becomes subject to
the direct control of a trustee, receiver, or similar authority;

(vi) Client
institutes or becomes subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding under any applicable
laws, rules, or regulations, such termination being effective immediately upon any declaration
of bankruptcy;

(vii) A
Coinbase Entity becomes aware of any facts or circumstances with respect to Clients
financial, legal, regulatory, or reputational position which may affect Clients ability
to comply with its obligations under this Coinbase PBA;

(viii) Termination
is required pursuant to a facially valid subpoena, court order, or binding order of a government
authority;

(ix) Any
Account or Clients use of the PB Services is subject to any pending litigation, investigation,
or government proceeding or a Coinbase Entity reasonably perceives a heightened risk of legal
regulatory non-compliance, in each case as associated with any Account or Clients
use of the PB Services; or

(x) A
Coinbase Entity reasonably suspects Client of attempting to circumvent a Coinbase Entitys
controls or uses the PB Services in a manner a Coinbase Entity otherwise deems inappropriate
or potentially harmful to itself or third parties.

18.3 Client
acknowledges that the Coinbase Entities decision to take certain actions, including
suspending, restricting, or terminating the provision of PB Services, may be based on confidential
criteria that are essential to a Coinbase Entitys risk management and security practices
and agrees that the Coinbase Entities are under no obligation to disclose the details of
its risk management and security practices to Client.

18.4 Inactive
Accounts. Client agrees that to the extent that Client has not utilized the PB Services
or the Accounts have been inactive or dormant for a period of at least twelve (12) months,
the Coinbase Entities may close any such dormant Accounts or cease to provide one or more
PB Services or immediately, upon notice, terminate this Coinbase PBA.

18.5 Termination
and Closure.

Upon
notice by one party hereunder to the other of the termination of this Coinbase PBA or the termination of a service provided hereunder
or closure of an Account pursuant to 18.1, Client shall withdraw affected Client Assets (Affected Assets) within
thirty (30) days following such notice to the extent not prohibited under applicable law, including applicable AML and Sanctions Laws
and Regulations, or by a facially valid subpoena, court order, or binding order of a government authority. Client agrees that failure
to do so within that thirty (30) day period may result in Client Assets being transferred to Clients linked bank account or Digital
Asset wallet on file.

Client
is liable to pay fees until all Client Assets are removed. However, the relevant Coinbase Entities will provide no services other than
continuing to maintain Affected Assets following termination or closure. Notwithstanding anything provided herein to the contrary, the
relevant Coinbase Entities may retain sufficient Client Assets to close out or complete any transaction that was
in process prior to such termination or to satisfy any remaining obligations or indebtedness. Client is responsible for all fees, debits,
costs, commissions, and losses arising from any actions a Coinbase Entity must take to liquidate or close transactions.

12

19. Set
off

Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Coinbase Entity may set off and net the amounts due from it or any other Coinbase Entity
to Client and from Client to it or any other Coinbase Entity, so that a single payment (the Net Payment) shall be
immediately due and payable by Client or the Coinbase Entity to the other (subject to the other provisions hereof and of any agreement
with a Coinbase Entity). If any amounts cannot be included within the Net Payment, such amounts shall be excluded but may still be netted
against any other similarly excluded amounts. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Coinbase Entity may also (a) liquidate,
apply, and set off any or all Client Assets against any Net Payment, unpaid trade credits, or any other obligation owed by Client to
any Coinbase Entity and (b) set off and net any Net Payment or any other obligation owed to Client by any Coinbase Entity against (i)
any or all collateral or margin posted by any Coinbase Entity to Client (or the U.S. dollar value thereof, determined by Coinbase in
its sole discretion on the basis of a recent price at which the relevant Digital Asset was sold to clients via the Trading Services),
and (ii) any Net Payment, unpaid trade credits, or any other obligation owed by Client to any Coinbase Entity (in each case, whether
matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent, or liquidated or unliquidated). Client agrees that in the exercise of setoff rights or secured
party remedies, the Coinbase Entities may value Client Digital Assets using the same valuation methods and processes that are otherwise
used when a Coinbase client sells an asset via the Trading Services or any other commercially reasonable valuation method as determined
by Coinbase in its sole discretion.

20. Privacy

The
Coinbase Entities shall use and disclose Clients and its Authorized Representatives non-public personal information in
accordance with the Coinbase Privacy Policy, as set forth at https://www.coinbase.com/legal/privacy or a successor website, and as amended
and updated from time to time.

21. Arbitration

21.1 Any
Claim arising out of or relating to this Coinbase PBA, or the breach, termination, enforcement,
interpretation, or validity thereof, including any determination of the scope or applicability
of the agreement to arbitrate as set forth in this Section, shall be determined by arbitration
in the state of New York or another mutually agreeable location before one neutral arbitrator.
The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules
and Procedures, and the award of the arbitrator (the Award) shall be
accompanied by a reasoned opinion. Judgment on the Award may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction. This Coinbase PBA shall not preclude the Parties from seeking provisional relief,
including injunctive relief, in any court of competent jurisdiction. Seeking any such provisional
relief shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such partys right to compel arbitration.
The Parties expressly waive their right to a jury trial to the extent permitted by applicable
law.

21.2 In
any arbitration arising out of or related to this Coinbase PBA, the arbitrator shall award
to the prevailing party, if any, as determined by the arbitrator, all of its costs and fees.
Costs and fees mean all reasonable pre-award expenses of the arbitration, including
the arbitrators fees, administrative fees, travel expenses, out-of-pocket expenses
such as copying and telephone, court costs, witness fees, and attorneys fees.

21.3 The
Parties acknowledge that this Coinbase PBA evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision herein with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration
conducted pursuant to the terms of this Coinbase PBA shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration
Act (9 U.S.C. 116).

13

22. Recording
of Conversations

For
compliance and monitoring purposes, Client authorizes each Coinbase Entity at its sole discretion to record conversations between such
Coinbase Entity and Client or its Authorized Representatives relating to this Coinbase PBA and the PB Services. Client agrees that the
Coinbase Entities may submit such recordings in evidence in any dispute, suit, action, or other proceeding.

23. Waiver

Any
waivers of rights by the Coinbase Entities under this Coinbase PBA must be in writing and signed by Coinbase on behalf of the relevant
Coinbase Entities. A waiver will apply only to the particular circumstance giving rise to the waiver and will not be considered a continuing
waiver in other similar circumstances. The Coinbase Entities failure to insist on strict compliance with this Coinbase PBA or
any other course of conduct by the Coinbase Entities shall not be considered a waiver of their rights under this Coinbase PBA.

24. Survival

All
provisions of this Coinbase PBA which by their nature extend beyond the expiration or termination of this Coinbase PBA shall survive
the termination or expiration of this Coinbase PBA.

25. Governing
Law

This
Coinbase PBA and the PB Services will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding its
conflicts of laws principles, except to the extent such state law is preempted by federal law.

26. Force
Majeure

The
Coinbase Entities shall not be liable for delays, suspension of operations, whether temporary or permanent, failure in performance, or
interruption of service which result directly or indirectly from any cause or condition beyond the reasonable control of the Coinbase
Entities, including any act of God; embargo; natural disaster; act of civil or military authorities; act of terrorists; hacking; government
restrictions; market volatility or disruptions in order trading on any CTV, exchange or market; suspension of trading; civil disturbance;
war; strike or other labor dispute; fire; severe weather; interruption in telecommunications, Internet services, or network provider
services; failure of equipment or software; failure of computer or other electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines; unauthorized
access; theft; outbreaks of infectious disease or any other public health crises, including quarantine or other employee restrictions;
acts or omissions of any CTV; or any other catastrophe or other occurrence which is beyond the reasonable control of the Coinbase Entities.

27. Unclaimed
Property

If
a Coinbase Entity (i) is holding Client Assets, (ii) has no record of Clients use of the Custodial Services or Trading Services
as applicable for an extended period, and/or (iii) is otherwise unable to contact Client, then the Coinbase Entity may be required under
applicable laws, rules, or regulations to report these assets as unclaimed property and to deliver such unclaimed property to the applicable
authority. The Coinbase Entity may deduct a dormancy fee or other administrative charge from such unclaimed funds, as permitted by applicable
laws, rules, or regulations.

28. Entire
Agreement; Headings; Severability

This
Coinbase PBA, together with all exhibits, addenda, and supplements attached hereto or referenced herein, comprise the entire understanding
between Client and the Coinbase Entities as to the PB Services and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings,
including any previous version of this Coinbase PBA, and a Custodial Services Agreement between Client and any Coinbase Entity, including
all exhibits, addenda, policies, and supplements attached thereto or referenced therein. Section headings in this
Coinbase PBA are for convenience only and shall not govern the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Coinbase PBA.

If
any provision or condition of this Coinbase PBA shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Coinbase PBA shall continue
in full force and effect.

14

29. Amendments

Any
modification or addition to this Coinbase PBA must be in writing and either (a) signed by a duly authorized representative of each party,
or (b) approved by Coinbase and accepted and agreed to by Client.

30. Assignment

Any
assignment of Clients rights or licenses granted under this Coinbase PBA without obtaining the prior written consent of Coinbase
shall be null and void. Coinbase reserves the right to assign its rights under this Coinbase PBA without restriction, including to any
of the Coinbase Entities or their affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the PB
Services, provided that Coinbase shall notify Client within a reasonable amount of time after such assignment. Subject to the foregoing,
this Coinbase PBA will bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties, their successors, and permitted assigns.

31. Electronic
Delivery of Communications and Notices

31.1 Client
agrees and consents to receive electronically (including through a posting on the Coinbase
PB Site) all communications, agreements, documents, notices, information, and disclosures
(collectively, Communications) that the Coinbase Entities provide in
connection with the PB Services. Communications include: (a) terms of use and policies Client
agrees to, including updates to policies or the Coinbase PBA; (b) details of Clients
use of the PB Services, including transaction receipts, confirmations, records of deposits,
withdrawals, or transaction information; (c) legal, regulatory, and tax disclosures or statements
the Coinbase Entities may be required to make available to Client; (d) responses to claims
or customer support inquiries filed in connection with Clients use of the PB Services;
and (e) notice of termination or closure.

31.2 Client
agrees that electronically delivered Communications may be accepted and agreed to by Client
through the PB Services interface. Furthermore, the Parties consent to the use of electronic
signatures in connection with Clients use of the PB Services.

31.3 If
a notice is not provided electronically as provided for in Section 31.1 above, then the notice
shall be in writing delivered to the Party at its address specified below via an overnight
mailing company of national reputation. Any Party that changes its notice address or principal
place of business must notify the other Party promptly of such change.

If
to any Coinbase Entity:

Legal
Department

Coinbase, Inc.

248
3rd St, #434

Oakland,
CA 94607

legal@coinbase.com

If
to
Client, 
.

31.4 In
the event of any market operations, connectivity, or erroneous trade issues that require
immediate attention including any unauthorized access to the PB Services or the Coinbase
PB Site, please contact:

To
Coinbase: support@coinbase.com

To
Client: [please insert].

15

Client
has the sole responsibility to provide the Coinbase Entities with true, accurate, and complete contact information including any e-mail
address, and to keep such information up to date. Client understands and agrees that if a Coinbase Entity sends Client an electronic
Communication but Client does not receive it because Clients primary email address on file is incorrect, out of date, blocked
by Clients service provider, or Client is otherwise unable to receive electronic Communications, such Coinbase Entity will be
deemed to have provided the Communication to Client. Client may update Clients information on the Coinbase PB Site or by providing
a notice to Coinbase as prescribed above.

Any
notice or other communication in respect of this Coinbase PBA shall be deemed effective: (i) if sent by email, on the date it is sent;
(ii) if posted on a website, the date on which it is posted; or (iii)
if by overnight mail, the following Business Day after it is sent. If a communication is sent (or delivery is attempted) on a non-Business
Day, the communication will be deemed effective on the first following day that is a Business Day.

Business
Day means any day on which it is not (i) a public holiday in New York, or (ii) a Saturday or Sunday.

31.5 To
see more information about our regulators, licenses, and contact information for feedback,
questions, or complaints, please visit https://www.coinbase.com/legal/licenses.

32. Address
for Process

Client
hereby appoints the entity located in the state of New York detailed below to receive for itself and on its behalf any service of process
(the Process Agent) with respect to any claim, action, or proceeding arising hereunder or related to this Coinbase
PBA. Client will promptly notify Coinbase of any change in Process Agent and provide details of the substitute process agent who is acceptable
to Coinbase.

Process
Agent:

Address:

Email:

Telephone
number

Client
irrevocably consents to service of process in a manner provided for in Section 31. Nothing in this Coinbase PBA will affect the right
of Coinbase to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.

33. Natural
Persons

To
the extent Client is a natural person over 18 years of age, if Coinbase receives legal documentation confirming Clients death
or other information leading Coinbase to believe Client is deceased, Coinbase will freeze Clients access to the PB Services (Freeze
Period). During the Freeze Period, no transactions may be completed until (i) Clients designated fiduciary has entered
into a new Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement and the entirety of Client Assets have been transferred to the accounts subject to that Coinbase
Prime Broker Agreement, or (ii) Coinbase has received proof in a form satisfactory to Coinbase that Client is not deceased. If Coinbase
has reason to believe Client is deceased but Coinbase does not have proof of Clients death in a form satisfactory to Coinbase,
Client authorizes Coinbase to make inquiries, whether directly or through third parties, that Coinbase considers necessary to ascertain
whether Client is deceased. Upon receipt by Coinbase of proof satisfactory to Coinbase that Client is deceased, the fiduciary Client
designated in a valid will or similar testamentary document will be required to enter into a new Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement. If
Client has not designated a fiduciary, then Coinbase reserves the right to (i) treat as Clients fiduciary any person entitled
to inherit Clients Client Assets, as determined by Coinbase upon receipt and review of the documentation Coinbase, in its sole
and absolute discretion, deems necessary or appropriate, including (but
not limited to) a will, a living trust, or a small estate affidavit, or (ii) require an order designating a fiduciary from a court having
competent jurisdiction over Clients estate. In the event Coinbase determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that there
is uncertainty regarding the validity of the fiduciary designation, Coinbase reserves the right to require an order resolving such issue
from a court of competent jurisdiction before taking any action relating to the PB Services. Pursuant to the above, the entry into a
new Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement by a designated fiduciary is mandatory following the death of Client, and Client hereby agrees that
its fiduciary shall be required to enter into a new Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement and provide required account opening information
to gain access to the contents of Clients PB Services.

34. Counterparts

This
Coinbase PBA may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by email of .pdf signatures or DocuSign (or similar electronic signature
software), each of which shall be deemed to be an original document, but all such separate counterparts shall constitute only one and
the same Coinbase PBA.

[Signatures
on following page]

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Coinbase PBA, including the Custody Agreement and MTA, to be duly executed and delivered
on the Effective Date.

COINBASE,
INC. For itself and as agent for the Coinbase Entities 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

CLIENT: Thumzup
Media Corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Address: 

E-Mail: 

17

EXHIBIT A

to
the Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement

COINBASE
CUSTODY SERVICES AGREEMENT

This
Custody Agreement is entered into between Client and Coinbase Custody and forms a part of the Coinbase PBA between Client and the Coinbase
Entities. Capitalized terms used in this Custody Agreement that are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
other parts of the Coinbase PBA.

1. Custody
Accounts.

1.1 Accounts
Established. Coinbase Custody shall establish and maintain a vault account for the purpose
of storing Digital Assets (the Vault Account) and effecting Custody Transactions
(as defined below) (the Custodial Services). Digital Assets credited
to the Vault Account will be held by Coinbase Custody in one or more segregated cold wallets
(each, a Custody Cold Wallet) in Clients name controlled and
secured by Coinbase Custody.

1.2 Maintenance
of Assets. Coinbase Custody is a fiduciary under Section 100 of the New York Banking
Law and a qualified custodian for purposes of Rule 206(4)-2(d)(6) under the Investment Advisers
Act, and is licensed to custody Client Digital Assets in trust on Clients behalf.
Unless Client instructs Coinbase Custody to hold these assets as a bailee, Coinbase Custody
will hold these assets in trust and administer them for Clients benefit consistent
with New York Estates, Powers, and Trusts Law 13-A-4.1 and New York Banking Law 
100. Client Assets in Clients Vault Account shall (i) be segregated from, and not
commingled with, the assets held by Coinbase Custody as principal and the assets of other
clients of Coinbase Custody, (ii) not be treated as general assets of Coinbase Custody, and
except as otherwise provided herein, Coinbase Custody shall have no right, title, or interest
in such Client Assets, and (iii) constitute custodial assets and Clients property.
Coinbase Custody shall maintain adequate capital and reserves to the extent required by applicable
law. Coinbase Custody shall not sell, transfer, assign, lend, hypothecate, pledge, or otherwise
use or encumber Client Digital Assets in the Vault Account, except to sell, transfer, or
assign such assets at the direction of Client.

2. Vault
Account.

2.1 Services
Provided. The Custodial Services shall (a) permit Client (i) to transfer Client Digital
Assets to and from the Vault Account, (ii) to deposit supported Digital Assets from a public
blockchain address controlled by Client into the Vault Account, and (iii) to withdraw supported
Digital Assets from the Vault Account to a public blockchain address controlled by Client,
and (b) include certain additional services as may be agreed to between Client and Coinbase
Custody from time to time. Each such transfer, deposit, or withdrawal shall be referred to
as a Custody Transaction and shall conform to Instructions provided
by Client through the Coinbase PB Site. Client must withdraw or deposit Digital Assets to
public blockchain addresses and accounts owned by Client or an address for which Client has
conducted the necessary Know Your Customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering
(AML) due diligence. Coinbase Custody reserves the right to delay,
refuse to process, or to cancel any pending Custody Transaction to comply with applicable
law or in response to a subpoena, court order, or other binding government order, or to enforce
transaction, threshold, and condition limits, or if Coinbase Custody reasonably believes
that the Custody Transaction may violate or facilitate the violation of an applicable law,
regulation, or rule of a governmental authority or self-regulatory organization, or if it
perceives a risk of fraud or illegal activity.

18

2.2 Digital
Asset Deposits and Withdrawals. Coinbase Custody will process Custody Transactions according
to Instructions received from Client or Clients Authorized Representatives. Client
must verify all deposit and withdrawal information prior to submitting Instructions to Coinbase
Custody regarding a Custody Transaction. Coinbase Custody shall have no liability, obligation,
or responsibility whatsoever for Client Digital Asset transfers sent to or received from
a wrong party or sent or received with inaccurate Instructions, and Coinbase Custody does
not guarantee the identity of any user, receiver, requestee, or other party. Coinbase Custody
reserves the right to charge network fees (including miner fees) to process a Custody Transaction
on Clients behalf. Once Client has initiated a Digital Asset withdrawal, the associated
Client Digital Assets will be in a pending state and will not be included in the Vault Account.
Client acknowledges that Coinbase may not be able to reverse a withdrawal once initiated.

2.3 Digital
Asset Storage and Transmission Delays. Coinbase Custody requires up to twenty-four (24)
hours between any request to withdraw Digital Assets held in a Custody Cold Wallet and submission
of Clients withdrawal to the applicable Digital Asset network. Coinbase Custody securely
stores all Digital Asset private keys in offline storage, so it may be necessary to retrieve
certain information from offline storage in order to facilitate a withdrawal in accordance
with Clients Instructions, which may delay the initiation or crediting of such withdrawal.
Client acknowledges and agrees that a Custody Transaction may be delayed, and that Digital
Assets shall not be deposited or withdrawn upon less than twenty-four (24) hours notice
initiated from a Custody Cold Wallet. The time of such request shall be the time such notice
is transmitted from a Custody Cold Wallet. With respect to the foregoing, Coinbase Custody
makes no representations or warranties with respect to the availability or accessibility
of (1) the Digital Assets, (2) a Custody Transaction, (3) the Vault Account, or (4) the Custodial
Services. While Coinbase Custody will make reasonable efforts to process Client-initiated
deposits in a timely manner, Coinbase Custody makes no representations or warranties regarding
the amount of time needed to complete processing, as such processing is dependent upon many
factors outside of Coinbase Custodys control.

2.4 Supported
Digital Assets. The Custodial Services are available only in connection with those Digital
Assets that Coinbase Custody, in its sole discretion, decides to support, which may change
from time to time. Prior to initiating a deposit of a Digital Asset to Coinbase Custody,
Client must confirm that Coinbase Custody offers Custodial Services for that specific Digital
Asset. By initiating a deposit of any Digital Asset to the Vault Account, Client attests
that Client has confirmed that the Digital Asset being transferred is a supported Digital
Asset offered by Coinbase Custody. Under no circumstances should Client attempt to initiate
a Custody Transaction or use the Custodial Services to deposit or store Digital Assets in
any forms that are not supported by Coinbase Custody. Depositing or attempting to deposit
Digital Assets that are not supported by Coinbase Custody may result in such Digital Asset
being irretrievable by Client and Coinbase Custody. Client shall be fully responsible and
liable, and Coinbase Custody shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever,
regarding any unsupported Digital Asset sent or attempted to be sent to it, or regarding
any attempt to use the Custodial Services for Digital Assets that Coinbase Custody does not
support. Digital Assets supported by Coinbase Custody shall be listed on the Coinbase PB
Site. Coinbase Custody shall provide Client with thirty (30) days written notice before
ceasing to support a Digital Asset, unless Coinbase Custody is required to cease such support
by court order, statute, law, rule (including a self-regulatory organization rule), regulation,
code, or other similar requirement.

2.5 Use
of the Custodial Services. Client acknowledges and agrees that Coinbase Custody may monitor
use of the Vault Account and the Custodial Services. The resulting information may be utilized,
reviewed, retained, and or disclosed by Coinbase Custody for its internal purposes or in
accordance with the rules of any applicable legal, regulatory, or self-regulatory organization
or as otherwise may be required to comply with relevant law, sanctions programs, legal process,
or government request.

19

2.6 Independent
Verification. If Client is subject to Rule 206(4)-2 under the Investment Advisers Act,
Coinbase Custody shall, upon written request, provide Clients authorized independent
public accountant confirmation of or access to information sufficient to confirm (i) Clients
Assets as of the date of an examination conducted pursuant to Rule 206(4)-2(a)(4) or an audit
conducted pursuant to Rule 206(4)-2(b)(4), and (ii) that Client Digital Assets are held either
in a separate account under Clients name or in accounts under Clients name
as agent or trustee for Clients clients.

2.7 Third
Party Payments. The Custodial Services are not intended to facilitate third party payments
of any kind. As such, Coinbase Custody has no control over, or liability for, the delivery,
quality, safety, legality, or any other aspect of any goods or services that Client may purchase
or sell to or from a third party (including other users of Custodial Services) involving
Digital Assets that Client intends to store, or have stored, in Clients Vault Account.

3. Staking

3.1 Staking
with Coinbase Custody Validators. For certain supported Digital Assets, Client may engage
with Coinbase Custody to provide validator services for such supported Digital Assets pursuant
to a separate agreement.

3.2 Staking
With Third Party Validators. Client may engage with third-party service providers (Third
Party Staking Service Providers) to provide validator services for Clients
Digital Assets. From time to time, Coinbase Custody may allow Client to select or designate
(A) certain Third Party Staking Service Providers directly via the Coinbase PB Site, or (B)
an arbitrary Third Party Staking Service Provider by manually entering the applicable staking
or delegate address for such provider via the Coinbase PB Site (collectively, the Third
Party Staking Services). Notwithstanding the affiliate relationship between the
Coinbase Entities and Coinbase Crypto Services, LLC (d/b/a Coinbase Cloud,
f/k/a Bison Trails), all staking services provided by Coinbase Cloud shall be deemed Third
Party Staking Services and Coinbase Cloud shall be deemed a Third Party Staking Service Provider
for purposes of this Section.

(i) Third
Party Staking Service Providers may require that Client withdraw its Digital Assets from
Clients Vault Account and transfer such assets to such Third Party Staking Service
Provider, in which case, subject to any bonding, unbonding, warm-up, lockup, or any other
restrictions on the applicable blockchain network, Client may do so in accordance with this
Coinbase PBA.

(ii) Client
hereby acknowledges and agrees that: (1) the availability of any Third Party Staking Service
Providers on the Coinbase PB Site does not constitute an endorsement or approval by any Coinbase
Entity of any such Third Party Staking Service Provider; (2) by electing to stake or delegate
Clients Digital Assets to any Third Party Staking Service Provider, including via
the Third Party Staking Services, Client is subject to such Third Party Staking Service Providers
terms of use, terms of service, or other applicable agreements; and (3) Third Party Staking
Service Providers may require that Clients Digital Assets be transferred on-chain
to a wallet, public key, or smart contract address not controlled by Coinbase Custody or
any other Coinbase Entity.

(iii) Client
is solely responsible for Clients use of any Third Party Staking Service Providers
and Third Party Staking Services. Client must ensure that the applicable staking or delegate
address for any Third Party Staking Service Provider is accurately entered and updated from
time to time, as necessary. There is no assurance that the Third Party Staking Services or
any Third Party Staking Service Provider will be available, function, or operate as expected.
Client may not receive any rewards regardless of the amount of time or the number of Digital
Assets staked or delegated to Third Party Staking Service Providers. In addition, Clients
Digital Assets may be subject to slashing or a total loss due to Clients use of Third
Party Staking Service Providers, including via the Third Party Staking Services. The Coinbase
Entities bear no responsibility whatsoever with respect to any decision made by Client to
stake or delegate Digital Assets to any Third Party Staking Service Provider, including via
the Third Party Staking Services, or any losses, damages, or liabilities arising therefrom.

4. Coinbase
Custody Obligations

4.1 Bookkeeping.
Coinbase Custody shall keep timely and accurate records as to the deposit, disbursement,
investment, and reinvestment of Client Assets, as required by applicable law and in accordance
with Coinbase Custodys internal document retention policies.

4.2 Insurance.
Coinbase Custody shall obtain and maintain, at its sole expense, insurance coverage in
such types and amounts as shall be commercially reasonable for the Custodial Services provided
hereunder.

5. Additional
Matters

In
addition to any additional service providers that may be described in an addendum or attachment hereto, Client acknowledges and agrees
that the Custodial Services may be provided from time to time by, through, or with the assistance of affiliates of, or vendors to, Coinbase
Custody. Client shall receive notice of any material change in the entities that provide the Custodial Services.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

20

EXHIBIT B

to
the Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement

COINBASE
MASTER TRADING AGREEMENT

Client
should carefully consider whether trading or holding Digital Assets is suitable for its purpose, including in relation to Clients
knowledge of Digital Assets and Digital Asset markets and Clients financial condition. All investments involve risk, and the past
performance of a financial product does not guarantee future results or returns.

This
MTA sets forth the terms and conditions for Client to access Coinbases trade execution and automated trade routing services and
Coinbase Execution Services to enable Client to submit orders (Orders) to purchase and sell specified Digital Assets
(such services, the Trading Services). Clients use of the PB Services, including the Trading Services, is
subject to the terms of the Prime Trading Rules set forth at https://www.coinbase.com/legal/trading_rules or a successor website
(as amended and updated from time to time, the Prime Trading Rules). Capitalized terms used in this MTA that are
not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the other parts of the Coinbase PBA.

1. Order
Routing and CTVs

1.1 Trade
Execution Service. The Trading Services include a trade execution service through which
Client may submit Orders to purchase or sell Digital Assets. After Client submits an eligible
Order, Coinbase will automatically route Orders ,or a portion of such Orders, to one of the
trading venues to which Coinbase has established connections (each such venue, a CTV),
with the exception of certain stablecoins transactions, which Coinbase may execute on its
exchange. Each Order sent to a CTV will be processed and settled at each CTV to which it
is routed. Once an Order to purchase Digital Assets has been placed, the associated Client
Assets (as defined below) used to fund the Order will be placed on hold and will generally
not be eligible for other use or withdrawal.

1.2 CTVs.
With each CTV, Coinbase shall establish an account in its name, or in its name for the
benefit of its clients, to trade on behalf of its clients. Neither the establishment of such
accounts nor the use of the Trading Services will cause Client to have a direct legal relationship,
or account with, any CTV. Coinbase conducts commercially reasonable diligence prior to establishing
connections to a new CTV. Coinbase will not intentionally match the buy and sell orders of
its clients against each other and will not intentionally settle Orders against or otherwise
trade with Coinbases principal funds. Client acknowledges that Coinbase and its other
clients may trade in their own interests on the CTVs and could, therefore, be the counterparty
to a Clients Order on a CTV.

1.3 Selection
of CTVs. Client acknowledges that Coinbase has sole discretion to determine the CTVs
with which it will establish connections. Coinbase directs Orders to the CTVs on an automated
basis and generally will not manually route orders. In designing algorithms that determine
an Orders routing logic, Coinbase considers a variety of factors relating to the Order
and the CTVs, including the speed of execution, whether the venue is able to consummate off-chain
transactions, the availability of efficient and reliable systems, the level of service provided,
and the cost of executing orders. Coinbase may receive cash payments or other financial incentives
(such as reciprocal business arrangements) from CTVs.

1.4 Responsibility
for CTVs. Coinbase makes no representation or warranty of any kind regarding any CTV,
including as to its financial condition, data, security, or quality of its execution services,
and Coinbase shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever for the selection
or performance of any CTV. Digital Assets may trade at different prices on different trading
venues, and other CTVs or trading venues not used by Coinbase may offer better prices or
lower costs than the CTV used to execute Clients Order.

21

1.5 Coinbase
as Agent and Principal. Coinbase acts in an agency capacity for purposes of certain Orders,
and may also act in a principal capacity for certain other Orders, as specified in the Prime
Trading Rules. Each Client must independently evaluate whether such services are appropriate
given its own investing profile and sophistication, among other considerations.

2. Accounts
for Trading

2.1 The
Accounts. In connection with the Trading Services, the Coinbase Entities may provide
access to two types of accounts: (1) the Trading Account (as described
below in Sections 2.2 and 2.3), and (2) the Vault Account described in the Custody Agreement.
The Coinbase PB Site provides Client a record of the Accounts. Client determines the allocation
of Client Digital Assets between the Accounts. Maintenance of the Vault Account shall be
subject to the terms of the Custody Agreement. The Trading Account is separate from any Digital
Assets Client maintains directly with Coinbase Custody.

2.2 Client
Digital Assets in the Trading Account. Client Digital Assets credited to the Trading
Account are immediately available to Client for purposes of submitting an Order. Coinbase
holds Digital Assets credited to the Trading Account in one of three ways: (i) in hot wallets
containing the assets of multiple clients (each, an Omnibus Hot Wallet);
(ii) in cold wallets containing multiple client assets (each, an Omnibus Cold Wallet);
and (iii) in Coinbases accounts with CTVs (each, a Coinbase CTV Digital
Asset Account). Client agrees that Coinbase has sole discretion in determining
the allocation of Digital Assets credited to the Trading Account. Because Digital Assets
credited to the Trading Account may be held on an omnibus basis and because of the nature
of certain Digital Assets, Client does not have an identifiable claim to any particular Digital
Asset. Instead, the Trading Account represents an entitlement to a pro rata share
of the Digital Assets Coinbase has allocated to the Omnibus Hot Wallets, Omnibus Cold Wallets,
and Coinbase CTV Digital Asset Accounts. Coinbase relies on the CTVs for the Coinbase CTV
Digital Asset Accounts, and Client has no contractual relationship with the CTVs with respect
to Digital Assets credited to the Trading Account.

2.3 Client
Cash in Trading Account. Coinbase may hold Client Cash credited to the Trading Account
in the following manner: (i) in one or more omnibus accounts in Coinbases name for
the benefit of Coinbases clients at one or more U.S. insured depository institutions
(each, a Trading FBO Account); (ii) with respect to USD, liquid investments,
which may include but are not limited to U.S. treasuries and money market funds, in accordance
with state money transmitter laws; and (iii) in Coinbases omnibus accounts at CTVs.
Each such account is separate from any Coinbase business or operating account. Coinbase will
title the Trading FBO Accounts it maintains with U.S. insured depository institutions and
maintain records of Clients interest therein in a manner designed to make available
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) pass-through deposit insurance,
up to the per-depositor coverage limit then in place (currently $250,000 per depositor per
insured depository institution). Availability of pass-through deposit insurance with respect
to the portion of Client Cash held in a Trading FBO Account is contingent upon Coinbase having
correct information about Client as a customer, maintaining accurate records, and on a determination
by the FDIC as receiver, at the time of a receivership of an insured depository institution
holding a Trading FBO Account, that all regulatory conditions have been satisfied. Coinbase
does not guarantee that pass-through FDIC deposit insurance will apply to Client Cash.

2.4 Pass-Through
Insurance Availability. The availability of pass-through deposit insurance with respect
to the portion of Client Cash held in the accounts at CTVs, up to the per-depositor coverage
limit then in place, is also dependent on the actions of the CTVs and any insured depository
institutions they may use, and such accounts may not be structured to provide pass-through
deposit insurance. The list of the insured depository institutions at which Coinbase may
place Client Cash in a Trading FBO Account is located at: https://help.coinbase.com/en/coinbase/other-topics/legal-
policies/how-is-coinbase-insured. If Client holds other deposits at one of these institutions,
it is possible that Clients total deposits at such institution may exceed the per-depositor
coverage limit. FDIC deposit insurance applies to cash deposits at an insured depository
institution in the event of a failure of that institution. FDIC deposit insurance does not
apply in the event of a failure of any Coinbase Entity or to any Digital Asset held by a
Coinbase Entity on Clients behalf. Client Cash is immediately available for purposes
of submitting an Order, unless a restriction applies.

22

2.5 Transfer
of Client Digital Assets Between Accounts. At Clients election, all or a portion
of Client Digital Assets may also be allocated, pursuant to the Custody Agreement, to the
Vault Account at Coinbase Custody. A transfer of Client Digital Assets held in a Custody
Cold Wallet to Clients Trading Account will be subject to Coinbase Custodys
standard cold storage withdrawal procedures. Client agrees that an Instruction to Coinbase
to settle an Order to or from the Vault Account constitutes authorization to Coinbase to
transfer Client Digital Assets to or from the Vault Account as necessary or appropriate to
consummate such settlement.

2.6 Internal
Ledgers. In all circumstances and consistent with laws and regulations applicable to
the Coinbase Entities, the Coinbase Entities will keep an internal ledger that specifies
Client Assets credited to each Account in each instance to enable the Coinbase Entities and
their auditors and regulators to identify Client and Client Assets.

2.7 Ownership
of Client Assets. Coinbase treats all Client Assets as custodial assets held for the
benefit of Client. No Client Assets shall be considered to be the property of, or loaned
to, Coinbase, except as provided in any loan agreement between Client and any Coinbase Entity.

3. Role
of Coinbase Custody

3.1 Relationship
with Coinbase Custody. To facilitate the Trading Services with respect to the Trading
Account, Coinbase may at its sole discretion maintain portions of the Omnibus Hot Wallet
and the Omnibus Cold Wallet in one or more custodial accounts with its affiliate, Coinbase
Custody, in the name of Coinbase for the benefit of its clients. In such circumstances, although
the Omnibus Hot Wallet and the Omnibus Cold Wallet are held in Coinbases accounts
at Coinbase Custody for the benefit of its clients, Clients legal relationship for
purposes of Digital Assets held in the Omnibus Hot Wallet and the Omnibus Cold Wallet will
not be, directly or indirectly, with Coinbase Custody and the terms, conditions, and agreements
relating to those wallets are to be governed by this MTA.

3.2 Client
Digital Assets Held in Vault Account. Client Digital Assets held in the Vault Account
are maintained directly with Coinbase Custody in Clients name and are subject to the
terms of the Custody Agreement.

4. Cash
and Digital Asset Deposits and Withdrawals (Trading Account)

4.1 Deposits
of Client Cash in the Trading Account. Client must initiate a transfer from a linked
bank account, a wire transfer, a SWIFT transfer, a deposit, or other form of electronic payment
approved by Coinbase from time to time to a Trading FBO Account, the instructions for which
are available on the Coinbase PB Site. Coinbase will credit the Trading Account with Client
Cash once the applicable insured depository institution reflects the deposit into the Trading
FBO Account.

4.2 Withdrawal
of Client Cash from the Trading Accounts. Client may also initiate a withdrawal of Client
Cash from the Trading Account at any time using the withdrawal function on the Coinbase PB
Site.

4.3 Deposits
of Client Digital Assets in the Trading Account. Client may transfer Client Digital Assets
directly to the Omnibus Hot Wallet or Omnibus Cold Wallet, the instructions for which are
available on the Coinbase PB Site. When Client transfers Digital Assets to Coinbase, it delivers
custody and control of the Digital Assets to Coinbase or Coinbases designee, as applicable.

23

4.4 Withdrawal
of Client Digital Assets from the Trading Account. In order to withdraw Digital Assets
from the Trading Account, Client must provide applicable withdrawal Instructions via the
Coinbase PB Site (each, a Withdrawal Transfer). Once Client has initiated
a Withdrawal Transfer, the associated Client Digital Assets will be in a pending state and
will not be included in Clients Trading Account balance. Client acknowledges that
Coinbase may not be able to reverse a Withdrawal Transfer once initiated.

4.5 Verification
of Transactions. Client must verify all transaction information prior to submitting withdrawal
Instructions to Coinbase, as Coinbase cannot and does not guarantee the identity of the wallet
owner or bank account to which Client is sending Client Digital Assets or Client Cash, as
applicable. Coinbase shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility whatsoever for
Client Digital Assets or Client Cash transfers sent to or received from an incorrect party
or sent or received via inaccurate Instructions.

5. Disruption
to Coinbase Systems

5.1 Client
Acknowledgement of Risks. Client acknowledges that electronic facilities and systems
such as trade routing, Coinbase PB Site, and other systems used by Coinbase to process orders
are vulnerable to disruption, delay, or failure and, consequently, such facilities and systems
may be unavailable to Client as a result of foreseeable and unforeseeable events. Client
understands and agrees that the Coinbase Entities do not guarantee uninterrupted access to
the Trading Services or all features of the Trading Services. Client acknowledges that although
Coinbase will attempt to provide notice of any scheduled unavailability that would result
in Client being unable to access the Trading Services, the Coinbase Entities cannot guarantee
advanced notice to Client.

5.2 Coinbase
Actions Upon Disruption. Coinbase may, in its sole discretion, take any of the following
actions: (i) halt or suspend Trading Services, including the trading of any Digital Assets
or currency, and Coinbase shall use reasonable efforts to provide Client with prior notice
if practicable, or (ii) impose limits on the amount or size of Clients Orders. The
Coinbase Entities shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility to Client as a result
of making any changes to or suspending Trading Services.

6. Prime
Trading Rules and Order Types

6.1 Prime
Trading Rules. Client agrees to comply with the Prime Trading Rules in effect at the
time of any Order. Client agrees to review and become familiar with the terms of the various
types of Orders (each, an Order Type) available through the Trading
Services. Coinbase reserves the right to modify the terms of any Order Type and the Prime
Trading Rules at any time and without prior notice to Client, and Client acknowledges that
it is solely responsible for ensuring its knowledge of applicable Order Types and Prime Trading
Rules prior to placing an Order.

6.2 Modifications.
Coinbase may modify the terms of, or cancel, any Order if Coinbase determines in its
sole reasonable discretion that the Order was clearly erroneous according to the Prime Trading
Rules. The Coinbase Entities shall have no liability, obligation, or responsibility to Client
as a result of exercising its rights under this Section.

7. Market
Data

Client
agrees that its use of data made available to it through the Coinbase PB Site or any application programming interface(s), which may
include the prices and quantities of orders and transactions executed on via the Trading Services (collectively Market Data),
is subject to the Market Data Terms of Use, as amended and updated from time to time at https://www.coinbase.com/legal/market_data or
a successor website.

8. Coinbase
Execution Services

8.1 Coinbase
Execution Services. At Coinbases sole discretion, Client may elect to submit Orders
(which terms shall include asset, quantity, price, settlement timing and fees) to Coinbase
Execution Services (CES), a Trading Service through which CES personnel
will execute Orders on behalf of Client. CES will execute Orders by using automated trade
routing services or by filling Orders on Coinbases over-the-counter (OTC)
trading service (OTC Services). Coinbase has sole and absolute discretion
to accept or reject any Order. Coinbase and Client may communicate regarding Instructions
related to Orders on a mutually agreed communication medium, including instant messaging,
email, and telephone.

24

8.2 CES
Order Process. CES brokers Orders on a commercially reasonable basis as Clients
agent and may exercise discretion in executing Orders. Client must pre-fund its Trading Account
or establish a credit arrangement with Coinbase prior to submitting Orders. By electing to
use CES, Client agrees that it is authorizing CES personnel to access the Accounts to initiate
and execute Orders on Clients behalf. Client acknowledges that CES personnel will
retain the ability to execute Orders on Clients behalf until Client provides Coinbase
with Instructions to terminate such ability. Absent express written agreement between the
Parties, Coinbase will accept Orders only from Authorized Representatives as having trading
authority for Client.

8.3 OTC
Services. For OTC Services, CES personnel will confirm the Order with Client prior to
executing the Order. Coinbase has policies and procedures in place that are reasonably designed
to prevent the disclosure of any Client identity to its OTC counterparty. Coinbase may, in
its sole and absolute discretion, accept the following statements (or similar or analogous
statements) as Clients final and binding agreement to the terms of an Order: done,
I buy, bought, I sell, or sold. A
completed, executed, and settled Order will be reflected on the Coinbase PB Site.

8.4 For
Orders fulfilled via OTC Services (OTC Orders), each of Clients and
its OTC counterpartys confirmations of the terms of the OTC Order deems such OTC Order
as binding and final, and thereby executed. Clients failure to timely settle an executed
OTC Order in accordance with the settlement terms will constitute a default under the Coinbase
Prime Brokerage Agreement.

9. Determination
of Suitability; All Risks Not Disclosed

Coinbases
provision of the Trading Services is neither a recommendation that Client enter into a particular Order nor a representation that any
product described on the Coinbase PB Site is suitable or appropriate for Client. Many of the Trading Services described on Coinbase PB
Site involve significant risks, and Client should not use the Trading Services unless it has fully understood all such risks and has
independently determined that such Orders are appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained in this MTA or on the Coinbase PB Site
should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of the applicable risks.

10. Characterization
of Trading Services; Not a Registered Broker-Dealer or Investment Adviser

Client
understands and acknowledges that no transactions executed in connection with the Trading Services are securities transactions, and the
Coinbase Entities are not registered with either of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
as broker-dealers or investment advisers or licensed under any state securities laws. Further, Coinbase is not acting as a fiduciary
in respect of Client (including in connection with its rights under this MTA) and does not have any responsibility under the standards
governing the conduct of broker-dealers, fiduciaries, investment advisers, or investment managers. Client agrees and acknowledges that
any information or advice provided by Coinbase or any other Coinbase Entity does not and will not serve as the basis of any investment
decision.

11. Coinbase
Corporate Accounts

Coinbase
and its affiliates may transact through proprietary trading accounts (Coinbase Corporate Accounts) for purposes
including inventory management, to facilitate Orders, and for other corporate purposes. To the extent that a Coinbase Corporate Account
transacts through Coinbase or the Coinbase PB Site, the Coinbase Corporate Account (i) will not have any special priority vis-a-vis Client
Orders and will be subject to the Prime Trading Rules, (ii) will trade only on Market Data available to all Clients, and (iii) will
not access any non-public data of other Clients. The Coinbase Entities internal ledger(s) will indicate the amount of each Digital
Asset held for each Client and each such Coinbase Corporate Account.

12. Term,
Termination and Suspension

Regardless
of any other provision of this MTA, Coinbase may, in its sole discretion, suspend, restrict, or terminate the Trading Services, including
by suspending, restricting, or closing Clients access to the Trading Account and related services, or CES, in accordance with
the General Terms.

25

Appendix 1

to
the Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement

COINBASE
PRIME FEE SCHEDULE

This
Fee Schedule is effective (the Effective Date) upon execution of the Coinbase PBA between the Coinbase Entities
and Client, and sets forth the fees associated with the PB Services. All capitalized terms not defined in this Fee Schedule shall have
the meaning given to them in the Coinbase PBA.

This
Fee Schedule is subject to modification from time to time, and Coinbase reserves the right to modify the fees at its discretion at any
time with prior notice to Client, and Client acknowledges that it is solely responsible for ensuring knowledge of applicable fees prior
to use of the PB Services.

CLIENT
TRADING ACCOUNT FEES (All-in)

The
Trading Services and associated fees relate to trading services provided by Coinbase, Inc.

For
each executed Order, Client will pay a fixed rate of 15 basis points, which includes Coinbases commission, the provision of PB
Services, and the actual variable transaction fees associated with the executed Order that Coinbase incurs from CTVs. No fees are charged
for canceled portions of Orders. Please see the Prime Trading Rules for additional details.

Coinbase-assisted
trading is available through CES. Clients with access to CES will pay an additional 10 basis points for BTC and ETH Orders and 20 basis
points for all other Orders.

Notes

1
basis point= 0.01%.

Clients
will be provided a preview of estimated fees prior to Order submission and can view the Order
Confirmation for details of the actual fees associated with executed Orders.

Fees
are assessed and deducted at the time of Order execution.

VAULT
ACCOUNT FEES

The
Vault Account and associated fees relate to custody services provided by Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC.

On
a monthly basis, Client shall pay a Storage Fee associated with its Vault Account that shall be the greater of (1)
the Custodial Service Fee (as defined below), or (2) the annual minimum charge of $0 per year (invoiced on a monthly basis). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Clients monthly Custodial Service Fee shall not exceed.

The
Custodial Service Fee will be the Monthly Average AUC multiplied by the Custodial Billing Rate. The
Custodial Service Fee is a tiered, annualized fee. See Notes below for further details.

Notes

1. Monthly
Average AUC shall equal the USD denominated sum of Clients Daily AUC (as
defined below) for each calendar day of the billing month, for each Digital Asset on deposit
in the Vault Account, divided by number of calendar days in the billing month.

2. The
Custodial Billing Rate is defined as the proportion of total calendar
days in the billing month to total calendar days in the billing year multiplied by the Annualized
Custodial Service Fee (as defined below).

3. With
respect to each Digital Asset on deposit in the Vault Account, the Clients
Daily AUC shall equal the daily Digital Asset price for such Digital Asset as
listed on Coinbase Pro multiplied by Clients balance for such Digital Asset on deposit
in the Vault Account as of 4PM ET.

4. The
Annualized Custodial Service Fee is applied on a marginal basis and
shall equal the sum of each Monthly Average AUC tier multiplied by the associated rate tier.
For example, if a client had a Monthly Average AUC of $1.5M, Client would have an Annualized
Custodial Service Fee that would equal: ($999,999.99 at rate tier 1) + ($500,000 at rate
tier 2):

Monthly Average AUC Rate Tier (in basis points) 

Less than $1M 25 

Next $1M to $10M 25 

Next $10M to $25M 25 

Next $25M to $50M 25 

Next $50M to $100M 25 

Next $100M to $250M 25 

Next $250M to $500M 25 

Next $500M to $1B 25 

Next $1B to $2B 25 

Next $2B to $3B 25 

Amounts over $3B 25 

5. Payment
terms:

Client
shall pay the initial Storage Fee on the earlier of: (i) the first date that Clients Digital Asset balance on deposit in the Vault
Account is equal to USD $50,000.00 notional; or (ii) 3 months from the Effective Date. Coinbase will invoice Client for all fees on a
monthly basis and Client shall pay all amounts to Coinbase within Net 15 days from the end of the monthly billing period, (the Payment
Due Date). Client will pay any amounts owed hereunder in the form and manner selected by Client and approved by Coinbase, and
according to any additional terms found on the Coinbase PB Site or the Coinbase PBA, including but not limited to transfer of cryptocurrency
to an address designated by Coinbase, as a debit from Clients Vault Account. If such fees remain unpaid for ninety (90) days following
the Payment Due Date, Client authorizes Coinbase to automatically deduct any such unpaid amounts from the Clients Vault Account
or Trading Balance. This Section 5 of the Fee Schedule does not override
Coinbases rights under Section 18 (Termination) and Section 23 (Waiver) of the General Terms.

6. Implementation
fee: Coinbase Custody is pleased to waive the implementation fee.

The
terms and pricing terms set forth herein are confidential and shall not be shared with any third parties without the prior written approval
of Coinbase.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tzup-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tzup-20250106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tzup-20250106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42388

Entity Registrant Name THUMZUP
MEDIA CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001853825

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3651036

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 11845
W. Olympic Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste 1100W #13

Entity Address, City or Town Los Angeles

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90064

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 403-6150

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://thumzupmedia.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
tzup-20250106.xsd 
tzup-20250106_lab.xml 
tzup-20250106_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001135-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001853825 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001853825 
8-K 
2025-01-06 
THUMZUP MEDIA CORPORATION 
NV 
001-42388 
85-3651036 
11845 W. Olympic Blvd. 
Ste 1100W #13 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90064 
(800) 
403-6150 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>