<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001477932-25-000698.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001477932-25-000698.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205060745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-25-000698
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Qrons Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001689084
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				813623646
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55800
		FILM NUMBER:		25590685

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28-10 JACKSON AVENUE, #26N
		CITY:			LONG ISLAND CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-945-2080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28-10 JACKSON AVENUE, #26N
		CITY:			LONG ISLAND CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIOLABMART INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>qron_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?qron_8k.htm

0001689084false00016890842025-01-312025-01-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 4, 2025 (January 31, 2025)

QRONS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Wyoming 

000-55800 

81-3623646

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

611 N. Brand Boulevard, Suite 1300

Glendale, California 

91203

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

+1 (587) 577-9261

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

28-10 Jackson Avenue #26N, Long Island City, New York 11101

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Anti-Dilution Agreement

In connection with the Merger Agreement (as defined in Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets below), effective January 31, 2025, Qrons Inc., a Wyoming corporation (the Company), entered into an Anti-Dilution Agreement (the Anti-Dilution Agreement) with Jonah Meer (Meer), Decagon LLC, d/b/a CubeSquare LLC (Decagon), a company owned by Meer, and Ido Merfeld (Merfeld) (Meer, Decagon and Merfeld are referred to as the Qrons Shareholders), and First Person Ltd. Meer and Merfeld are former directors of the Company.

Pursuant to the Anti-Dilution Agreement, the Qrons Sharesholders are protected from dilution in their respective ownership of Company common stock, as follows:

At any time after January 31, 2025, and continuing for a period that ends 12 months after the date of filing of the Companys filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the Term), if the Company issues shares of common stock (1) in payment of consulting services to third parties, (2) in payment of compensation to any officer, director, employee or agent of the Company, (3) in payment of any convertible debt instrument issued by the Company in accordance with the terms of any other convertible instrument issued by the Company not associated with a debt or equity funding transaction (each an True-up Event), the Company shall issue additional shares of its common stock (the True-up Shares) to each of Meer, Decagon and Merfeld.

True-up Shares shall be issued after each True-up Event to each of Meer, Decagon and Merfeld based on their ownership percentages of 5.98%, 0.28% and 4.34%, respectively (such ownership percentages being based on an assumed number of outstanding shares of Company common stock of 124,137,930 shares).

In addition, all shares of Company common stock owned by each of Meer, Decagon and Merfeld, including the True-up Shares, possess piggy-back registration rights, under the Anti-Dilution Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Anti-Dilution Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text thereof, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to, and incorporated by reference in, this Current Report.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

As disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on January 21, 2025 (the January 21 Current Report), on January 15, 2025, the Company entered into a Plan and Agreement of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with First Person Ltd., an Alberta, Canada, corporation (First Person), pursuant to which a wholly-owned subsidiary (the Merger Sub) of the Company would merge (the FP Merger) with and into First Person, with First Person becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as a result of the FP Merger.

On January 27, 2025, the parties closed the Merger Agreement and an Articles of Merger merging the Merger Sub with and into First Person filed. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of common stock of First Person was converted into the right to receive shares of Company Series B Convertible Preferred Stock on a pro rata basis and First Person became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

The acquisition of First Person was pursued and consummated by our company, after the Companys Board of Directors had determined, after investigating the First Person opportunity, that the best interests of the Company and its shareholders would be best served by acquiring First Person.

The Companys Board of Directors has adopted the business plan of First Person. Please see The Company After Acquiring First Person Ltd. below for a complete description of the Company following the acquisition of First Person, its business plans, its financial condition and the current status of its business efforts, as a combined enterprise with First Person.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report and incorporated by reference in this Current Report.

The Company After Acquiring First Person Ltd.

The Companys Board of Directors has adopted the business plan of First Person. The following sets forth certain information regarding the Company that reflects these recent changes.

2

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

References in this Current Report on Form 8-K to the Company, us, we and our include Qrons Inc. and First Person Ltd., an Alberta, Canada, corporation, the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary, including subsidiaries of First Person Ltd., unless otherwise indicated.

In addition, certain other forward-looking statements herein are statements regarding financial and operating performance and results and other statements that are not historical facts. The words expect, project, estimate, believe, anticipate, intend, plan, forecast and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Certain important risks could cause results to differ materially from those anticipated by some of the forward-looking statements. Some, but not all, of the important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements include, among other things: events that deprive the Company of the services of its executive officers; the Companys ability to increase its product sales; the Companys ability to obtain needed capital; and other uncertainties, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of the Company.

Impending Corporate Actions

The Companys Board of Directors has determined to change the Companys name to First Person, Inc. and to increase the number of authorized shares of common to 500,000,000 shares, as soon as is practicable.

History of Our Company

General. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on August 22, 2016, as BioLabMart Inc. and changed its corporate name to Qrons Inc. on August 8, 2017. Until the acquisition of First Person, the Company was a biotechnology company dedicated to developing biotech products, treatments and technologies to combat neuronal and infectious diseases with a focus on antibiotic resistant bacteria.

Due to an extended period of limited success, the acquisition of First Person was pursued and consummated by the Company, following our Board of Directors determining, after its investigation of the First Person opportunity, that the best interests of the Company and its shareholders would be best served by acquiring First Person.

The Companys Board of Directors has adopted the business plan of First Person. The discussion below provides a complete description of the Company following the acquisition of First Person, its business plans, its financial condition and the current status of its business efforts, as a combined enterprise with First Person.

Change in Control. In connection with our acquisition of First Person, there occurred a change in control of our company. See Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

Business of First Person

Overview. Founded in 2021, First Person is a cognitive wellness company focused on enhancing mental performance and social well-being through proprietary ingredient innovation and science-backed consumer products and formulations. First Persons business and operations is conducted through its wholly-owned operating subsidiary, First Person, Inc., a Delaware corporation (FP, Inc.).

First Person, Inc. First Person, Inc. (FP, Inc.) develops, markets, and distributes for sale a premium brand of cognitive supplement consumer products. The company is focused on development and commercialization of additional functional wellness products to enhance cognitive and social experiences.

Since its inception in January 2021, FP, Inc. has devoted substantially all of its efforts to business and product development relating to its proprietary functional mushroom extraction process and to the development of its own proprietary formulations of cognitive nutraceutical performance products and ready-to-drink alcohol-free social tonics. We intend to continue to grow our initial product line of four nutraceutical consumer-facing products, as well as launch and growth of our newest ready-to-drink product line that leverages our proprietary lions mane extract and co-crystallization technology to enhance potency and bioavailability, remove the taste profile, and enhance water solubility. 

Extraction Technology. FP, Inc. has developed a proprietary dual extraction technique for functional mushrooms utilizing ultrasonication and hot water to break down the cellular walls of the mushroom in order to extract the active compounds of interest from the mushroom. 

3

Development of Nutraceutical Consumer Products. FP, Inc. has expended significant resources in developing a direct-to-consumers product line of nutraceutical cognitive supplements which are made of functional mushrooms and other adaptogenic botanicals, and completed a product launch for sale to the public on March 1, 2022. There are four current product offerings, as follows: (i) SunbeamTM, a supplement targeting dopamine, sparking motivation and focus; (ii) Golden HourTM, a supplement targeting oxytocin, sparking connection and joy; and (iii) MoonlightTM, a supplement targeting gamma-aminobutryric acid (GABA), sparking restorative sleep cycles.; and (iv) Crystallized Lions Mane, a fully soluble, neutral taste, powdered drink enhancer that incorporates both First Persons proprietary extraction methods and co-crystallization technology, enhancing energy, mood, and focus. These consumer products do not require FDA approval prior to marketing and distribution, but these consumer products are required to include a disclaimer that they have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. The microbeads and encapsulation for the supplement pills, and packaging materials for the pill tins and shipping boxes, are all produced by third-party manufacturers. Each of these consumer products is sold directly to consumers through FP, Inc.s website, www.getfirstperson.com. Customers may either make a one-time purchase or enroll in a subscription services where they receive shipments based on a timeline chosen by the customer (typically monthly). 

Development and Expansion into Ready-To-Drink (RTD) Alcohol-Free Functional beverages. Building upon its expertise in cognitive wellness, FP, Inc. is expanding into the RTD beverage market with a first-of-its-kind social tonic. This alcohol-free functional beverage leverages FP, Inc.s proprietary extract techniques and co-crystallization technology to deliver an uplifting, social-enhancing experience. The product is designed to provide consumers with a sophisticated and effective alternative to traditional alcoholic beverages, aligning with the growing demand for mindful drinking options. 

Our Strategy and Competitive Strengths.

Proprietary Ingredient Innovation & Extraction Technology. First Person has developed a proprietary dual-extraction technique for functional mushrooms, utilizing ultrasonication and hot water extraction to maximize bioavailability and efficacy, while also removing the taste profile. This process enhances the potency of active compounds, setting the company apart from standard mushroom extracts in the market and enables a more seamless ingredient integration into ready-to-drink product applications. Additionally, its exclusive Crystallized Lions Mane ingredient provides a unique, high-potency formulation that competitors do not currently offer.

FP, Inc. protects its dual extraction technique as a trade secret. The process has resulted in a protectable, proprietary, and scalable end product that is a 100 percent pure mushroom extract, with no fillers or grain residue. Its proprietary extraction method uses hot water in a Ultrasonic Assisted Extraction (UAE) process that utilizes high frequency sound waves to extract compounds from the mushroom fiber. We own all of the UAE equipment, which is housed at our processing partners facility, and it is operated by our processing partners staff in accordance with our specifications. We do not have a formal agreement with our processing partner, and instead function on an order-by-order basis with pricing established for each order. 

Differentiated Consumer Product Portfolio & Brand positioning. The company has strategically positioned itself at the intersection of cognitive wellness and social enhancement, tapping into growing consumer trends such as functional nutrition, alcohol alternatives, and nootropics. The upcoming launch of its social tonic products may provide a first-to-market advantage in the alcohol-free social beverage category, leveraging a novel extraction and co-crystallization manufacturing process to create a good tasting beverage with a social-enhancing effect without alcohol. This may allow First Person to carve out a distinctive niche in both the supplement and beverage industries.

4

Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) Expertise & Scalable Distribution. First Person has built a high-margin, subscription-based DTC platform, allowing for direct consumer engagement, data-driven marketing, and scalable customer acquisition. With existing fulfillment and logistics capabilities, the company is well-positioned to expand distribution, including omnichannel opportunities in retail and hospitality. The ability to seamlessly integrate new products into this ecosystem may provide a significant advantage in accelerating growth and brand loyalty.

Our brand and product ecosystems are strategically positioned to resonate with forward-thinking consumers who seek to optimize their mental health and cognitive performance. We intend to continue to build and sustain community engagement through high-impact marketing and branding activities, executive communications, and industry recognition. Our team brings a depth of invaluable experience across a diverse range of direct-to-consumer e-commerce and retail businesses, and are experts in areas involving consumer acquisition costs, order frequency, and retention. We anticipate this will lead to detailed and realistic expectations for lifetime value that can inform and drive our decisions around reasonable marketing spend for customer acquisition. We expect future product-line expansion to include innovations in the functional/RTD beverage category (a category that includes nutritional drinks, zero-proof beverages, and energy drinks) 

We believe our synergistic strategy and approach to consumer products and ingredient innovation positions us for both near and long-term growth. 

Competition. First Person competes most directly with both public and privately held companies that produce related consumer nutraceutical products. Competitors for First Person include public company Laird Superfood, Inc. and numerous private nootropic supplement and functional beverage brands.

We compete in the following markets, based on how we categorize our core products:

Cognitive Wellness & Nootropics Market. The demand for cognitive-enhancing supplements is expanding as consumers seek solutions for focus, memory, mood, and mental clarity. First Persons functional mushroom-based supplements and proprietary ingredient innovations well position the company within the nootropics and brain health supplement industry, which is projected to grow significantly due to increasing consumer awareness and scientific advancements.

Functional beverage & Alcohol Alternative Market. The rise of the mindful drinking movement has driven demand for alcohol-free, functional beverages that provide mood-enhancing or relaxation benefits without intoxication or the negative aftereffects of alcohol. First Persons social tonic competes in the rapidly growing RTD alcohol alternatives space, offering a unique, first-to-market social-enhancing experience that differentiates it from traditional non-alcoholic options.

Functional Food & Wellness Ingredients Market. With proprietary extraction technologies and novel ingredient development, First Person is positioned in the functional food and ingredient innovation sector. The companys Crystallized Lions Mane and potential additional future ingredient innovations offers opportunities for expansion into B2B ingredient supply, providing high-potency extracts for third-party food, beverage, and wellness brands.

5

Intellectual Property.

On May 19, 2021, we filed a trademark application with the USPTO for the unregistered mark First Person (Application No. 90/722,122). On July 23, 2021, we filed trademark applications with the USPTO for the following three unregistered marks: (i) Sunbeam (Application No. 90/845,607); (ii) Golden Hour (Application No. 90/845,631); and (iii) Moonlight (Application No. 90/845,651). On September 23, 2021, we filed a trademark application with the USPTO for the unregistered mark First Grown (Application No. 97/042,249). On October 1, 2021, we filed trademark applications with the USPTO for the unregistered marks Awaken Your Best Mind (Application No. 97/056,489) and Best Mind Ahead of You (Application No. 97/056,495).

On November 11, 2021, we filed an application for international registration for the mark First Person, designating the mark for registration in Australia, Canada, China, the European Union, Japan, and the United Kingdom.

In addition to the intellectual property registrations and applications noted above, FP, Inc. protects its First Person process and techniques as a trade secret. There is no registration procedure for trade secrets, and such rights are secured and maintained by making reasonable efforts to preserve the informations secrecy. 

Government Regulation. We are subject to a wide range of governmental regulations and policies. We are required to comply with the regulations and policies promulgated by the USDA, the FDA, the FTC, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), and the DEA and corresponding state agencies. In addition, the Federal Communications Commission monitors claims made by companies, particularly with celebrity spokespeople.

USDA National Organic Program and Similar Regulations. We are involved in the sourcing, manufacturing, supplying, processing, marketing, selling, and distribution of organic food products and, as such, are subject to certain organic quality assurance standards. The Organic Foods Production Act mandates that the USDA develop national standards for organically produced agricultural products to assure consumers that those products marketed as organic meet consistent, uniform standards. The Organic Foods Production Act established the NOP, a marketing program housed within the Agricultural Marketing Service of the USDA.

The USDAs regulations, among other things, set forth the minimum standards producers must meet, and have reviewed by an accredited USDA-certifying agent, in order to label their products 100% organic, organic, or made with organic ingredients and display the USDA organic seal. The regulations impose strict standards on the production of organic food products and limit the use of non-organic or synthetic materials in the production of organic foods. Generally, organic food products are produced using:

agricultural management practices intended to promote and enhance ecosystem health;

no genetically engineered crops, sewage sludge, long-lasting pesticides, herbicides, or fungicides; and

food processing practices intended to protect the integrity of the organic product and disallow irradiation, genetically modified organisms, or synthetic preservatives.

After becoming certified, organic operations must retain records concerning the production, harvesting, and handling of agricultural products that are to be sold as organic for a period of five years. Any organic operation found to be in violation of the USDA organic regulations is subject to enforcement actions, which can include financial penalties or suspension or revocation of their organic certificate.

6

Additionally, our organic products may be subject to various state regulations. Many states have adopted their own organic programs making the state agency responsible for enforcing USDA regulations for organic operations. However, state organic programs may also add more restrictive requirements due to specific environmental conditions or the necessity of production and handling practices in the state.

Sanitary Transportation Rule. The FDAs regulations governing the Sanitary Transportation of Food for Humans and Animals requires that the parties involved in shipping food take steps to ensure that food is not contaminated or otherwise rendered unsafe during transportation. Steps include ensuring the conveyance is clean and that refrigerated foods are maintained in a refrigerated state. Fully packaged foods that do not require temperature control for safety, such as the foods that we currently produce, are generally exempt from these requirements. These requirements could become applicable to us, however, if we were to change our product line.

Food Labeling Regulations. We are subject to certain requirements relating to food labeling under the FDCA and corresponding FDA regulations as well as the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act, enacted in 1967, and corresponding FTC regulations. Although the FTC and the FDA share jurisdiction over claims made by manufacturers of food products (with the USDA also having jurisdiction over organic claims), the FDA retains primary jurisdiction over the labeling of food products whereas the FTC regulates advertising.

The FDA and the FTC require that all food products be labeled to disclose the net contents, the identity of commodity, nutrition information, and the name and place of business of the products manufacturer, packer, or distributor. Both agencies also require that any claim on the product be truthful and not misleading.

In 2016, the FDA updated its nutrition labeling rules, which had not been changed since 1993. The updated nutrition labeling rules require manufacturers to, among other things:

increase the type size for calories, servings per container, and the serving size declaration, and bolding the number of calories and the serving size declaration to highlight this information;

declare the actual amount, in addition to percent Daily Value, of vitamin D, calcium, iron, and potassium;

include added sugars, in grams and as percent Daily Value on the label; and

display serving sizes on labels based on amounts of foods and beverages that people are actually eating, not what they should be eating.

All food manufacturers were required to comply with the new rules by January 1, 2021. We believe we are in material compliance with these new food labeling regulations where applicable to our business.

The FDA also has detailed regulations and requirements governing various types of claims about products nutritional value and wellness benefits, such as a nutrient content claims, health claims, and structure-function claims. Claims falling under these regulations must be phrased in specific ways to avoid misbranding the food. We believe we are in compliance with applicable FDA claims regulations.

Other state and local statutes and regulations may impose additional food labeling requirements. For instance, the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (commonly known as Proposition 65) requires, with a few exceptions, that a specific warning appear on any consumer product sold in California that contains a substance, above certain levels, listed by that state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products.

7

Dietary Supplements Pursuant to the FDCA, the FDA regulates the safety, formulation, manufacturing, processing, packaging, labeling, importation, and distribution of dietary supplements (including nutraceuticals). In addition, the FTC has jurisdiction to regulate the promotion and advertising of these products. The FDCA has been amended several times with respect to dietary supplements, in particular by the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA). DSHEA established a framework governing the composition, safety, labeling, manufacturing, and marketing of dietary supplements and established new statutory criteria for evaluating the safety of substances. In the process, DSHEA removed dietary supplements from pre-market approval requirements that apply to food additives and pharmaceuticals and established a combination of notification and post-marketing controls for regulating product safety. The FDA does not require notification to market a dietary supplement if it contains only dietary ingredients that were present in the U.S. food supply prior to DSHEAs enactment on October 15, 1994. However, for a dietary ingredient not present in the food supply prior to this date, the manufacturer must provide the FDA with information supporting the conclusion that the ingredient will reasonably be expected to be safe at least seventy-five days before introducing a new dietary ingredient into interstate commerce.

As required by the FSMA, the FDA issued draft guidance in July 2011, which attempts to clarify when an ingredient will be considered a new dietary ingredient, the evidence needed to document the safety of a new dietary ingredient, and the appropriate methods for establishing the identity of a new dietary ingredient. In particular, the new guidance may cause dietary supplement products available in the market before DSHEA to now be classified to include a new dietary ingredient if the dietary supplement product was produced using manufacturing processes different from those used in 1994.

DSHEA also empowered the FDA to establish binding Good Manufacturing Practice regulations governing key aspects of the production of dietary supplements. DSHEA expressly permits dietary supplements to bear statements describing how a product affects the structure, function, and/or general well-being of the body. Although manufacturers must be able to substantiate any such statement, no premarket approval authorization is required for such statements and manufacturers need only notify FDA that they are employing a given claim. No statement may expressly or implicitly represent that a dietary supplement will diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent a disease. DSHEA does, however, authorize supplement sellers to provide third-party literature in connection with the sale of a dietary supplement to consumers. This provision is an exception to the FDAs broad powers over the promotion of regulated products. Accordingly, the authorization is limited and applies only if the publication is printed in its entirety, is not false or misleading, presents a balanced view of the available scientific information and does not promote a particular manufacturer or brand of dietary supplement, and is displayed in an area physically separate from the dietary supplements.

Consumer Protection Regulations. The FTC has the authority to regulate traditional and digital advertising for most types of consumer products, including our product offerings. The FTC has interpreted the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act) to prohibit unfair or deceptive acts or practices in commerce and oversees express and implied claims in advertising as well as certain promotional activities such as the use of social media influencers by advertising companies.

The FTC revised its Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising (the Guides), which became effective on December 1, 2009. Although the Guides are not binding, they explain how the FTC interprets Section 5 of the FTC Acts prohibition on unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Consequently, the FTC could bring a Section 5 enforcement action based on practices that are inconsistent with the Guides. Under the revised Guides, advertisements that feature a consumer and convey his or her atypical experience with a product or service are required to clearly disclose the results that consumers can generally expect. In contrast to the 1980 version of the Guides, which allowed advertisers to describe atypical results in a testimonial as long as they included a disclaimer such as results not typical, the revised Guides no longer contain such a safe harbor. The revised Guides also add new examples to illustrate the long-standing principle that material connections between advertisers and endorsers (such as payments or free products), connections that consumers might not expect, must be disclosed.

To the extent we may rely on endorsements or testimonials, we will review any relevant relationships for compliance with the Guides and we will otherwise endeavor to follow legal standards applicable to advertising. Our marketing, advertising, and promotional activities for our consumer products must adhere to the FTC Acts requirement for truthful, non-misleading, and adequately substantiated claims. If our advertising does not comply with FTC and similar state requirements, we could become subject to an investigation by the FTC or a consent decree, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and reputation.

8

Employees and Human Capital Resources. As of the date of this Current Report, we had no full-time Canadian employee at First Person Ltd., one full-time U.S. employee at FP, Inc., and no employees at TruMed.

Properties.

Legal Proceedings. We are not currently involved in, but may in the future be involved in, litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.

Risk Factors

Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Position and Capital Needs

We have a limited operating history and a history of net losses, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.

We have a limited history of operations and are considered an early-stage company. We are subject to many risks common to such enterprises, including under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other resources, and lack of revenues, as well as significant competition from existing and emerging competitors, many of which are established and have access to capital. In addition, as a new business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition from an early-stage company to a company capable of supporting larger scale commercial activities. If we are not successful in such a transition, our business, results, and financial condition will be harmed.

Although we expect to become profitable, there is no guarantee that will happen, and we may never become profitable. We currently have a negative operating cash flow and may continue to have that for the foreseeable future. Our net losses may worsen and our ability to generate increased revenues and potential to become profitable will depend largely on our ability to manufacture and market our products. There can be no assurance that any such events will occur or that we will ever become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we cannot predict the level of such profitability. If we sustain losses over an extended period of time, we may be unable to continue our business.

We will need additional financing to continue to sustain operations at this time.

Our operating cash flow is insufficient to fund all of our operational needs and we will require additional financing to continue our operations. There can be no assurance that such financing will be available on favorable terms or at all. Failure to obtain additional financing could result in delay or indefinite postponement of the deployment of our products. Additional financing may dilute the ownership interest of our shareholders at the time of the financing, and may dilute the value of their investment in our common stock. After taking into account the proceeds of this offering, we anticipate that our current cash reserves will last in excess of twelve months under our present operating expectations.

We may face difficulties obtaining additional financing, and additional financing may result in further dilution.

We anticipate expending substantial funds to carry out the development, introduction, distribution, and manufacture of our products. We may require additional funds for these purposes through one or more public or private financing transactions. No assurance can be given that such additional funds will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally, U.S. banks often refuse to provide banking services to businesses involved in the psilocybin industry because of the present state of the laws and regulations governing financial institutions in the United States, which discourage the provision of banking services to companies involved in the research or production of controlled substances. Consequently, in comparison to companies in other industries, we may face increased difficulties in obtaining financing from U.S. banks due to the nature of our business. If such funds are unavailable or are only available at a prohibitive cost, we may have to significantly curtail our product development program or seek funds through financing alternatives, including equity financing. Any additional equity financing may result in dilution to existing shareholders.

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

We have a history of net losses and are primarily dependent upon financing transactions to obtain additional funds for product development and operating expenses. Our ability to continue as a going concern will be determined by our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to sustain our operations and/or raise additional capital in the form of debt or equity financing. Delays in obtaining the capital, onerous terms for the capital, or a failure to raise additional capital could have a material negative impact on our business or plans of operations. We believe that the inclusion of a going concern explanatory paragraph in the report of our registered public accounting firm may make it more difficult for us to secure additional financing or enter into strategic relationships with distributors on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and likely will materially and adversely affect the terms of any financing that we might obtain. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

9

Risk Related to Our Products and Business

We face significant ongoing costs and obligations related to developing our business and products, and these costs may increase in the future, which may result in significant losses.

We expect to incur significant ongoing costs and obligations related to developing our business and products, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, future changes in regulations, more vigorous enforcement thereof, or other unanticipated events could require extensive changes to our operations, increased compliance costs, or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our efforts to grow our business may be more costly than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our higher operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market price of our Common Shares may significantly decrease.

We have incurred substantial expenses related to the development and initial operations of our business and we may never become profitable, earn revenues, or pay dividends.

There is no assurance that we will be profitable or pay dividends. We have incurred, and anticipate that we will continue to incur, substantial expenses relating to the development and initial operations of our business. The payment and amount of any future dividends will depend upon, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, and operating and capital requirements. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividends.

As our operating expenses increase, we may not be able to generate revenue growth or sustain any revenue growth that we achieve.

There can be no assurance that we can generate revenue growth, or that any revenue growth that is achieved can be sustained. Revenue growth that we may achieve may not be indicative of future operating results. In addition, we may further increase operating expenses in order to fund higher levels of research and development, increase sales and marketing efforts and increase administrative resources in anticipation of future growth. To the extent that increases in such expenses precede or are not subsequently followed by increased revenues, our business, operating results, and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.

We compete for market share with other companies, some of which have longer operating histories and may have more financial resources and manufacturing and marketing experience than we have.

We face competition in the markets in which we operate. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories and may have more financial resources and manufacturing and marketing experience than we have. Some of our competitors may also be better positioned to develop superior product features and technological innovations and may be able to better adapt to market trends. Our ability to compete depends on, among other things, high product quality, short lead-time, timely delivery, competitive pricing, range of product offerings, and superior customer service and support. Increased competition may require us to reduce prices or increase costs and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Any decrease in the quality of our products or level of service to customers or any occurrence of a price war among our competitors and us may adversely affect the business and results of operations.

We may expend substantial time and financial resources on potential acquisitions of other companies and such acquisitions may not be completed or successful.

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to grow our business in response to the demands of consumers and other constituents within the functional mushroom industry as well as competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may decide to grow our business through the acquisition of complementary businesses rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. In addition, we may not realize the expected benefits from completed acquisitions. Our failure to address risks encountered in connection with any future acquisitions or investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition.

10

There are many factors that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers, including that we may not be able to develop as many nutraceutical products of the consistency or quality that we expect, which could have a negative adverse effect on our business plan and profitability.

Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers, but we face, or will face, competition in obtaining customers for our nutraceutical products or functional mushrooms. There are many factors that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers, including our ability to compete based on price, continually produce desirable and effective products that are superior to others in the market, and implement our customer acquisition plan, as well as maintain continued growth in the aggregate number of potential customers. Competition for customers may result in increasing our costs while also lowering the market prices for our products and reducing our profitability. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining customers, we may fail to be competitive or achieve profitability or sustain profitability over time.

As a result of changing customer preferences, products may attain financial success for a limited period of time, or none at all. Even if we are successful in introducing new products, a failure to gain consumer acceptance or to update products with compelling attributes could cause a decline in our products popularity that could reduce revenues and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Failure to introduce new products or product types and to achieve and sustain market acceptance could result in our being unable to meet consumer preferences and generate revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial results from operations.

We currently have a limited number of contemplated products, and have limited financial and management resources, and, as a result, we may forego or delay our development of planned or other products. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on profitable market opportunities. If we are unsuccessful in developing the contemplated or additional products, our business may be harmed.

We may not be successful in developing and commercializing our products, or may not be able to do so at acceptable costs.

If we cannot successfully develop, manufacture, sell, and distribute our products, or if we experience difficulties in the development process, such as capacity constraints, quality control problems, or other disruptions, we may not be able to develop market-ready commercial products at acceptable costs, which would adversely affect our ability to effectively enter the market. A failure by us to achieve a low-cost structure through economies of scale or improvements in cultivation and manufacturing processes would have a material adverse effect on our commercialization plans and our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. If there is a shift in consumer demand, we must meet such demand through new and innovative products or else our business may fail.

11

A significant failure or deterioration in our quality control systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.

The quality and safety of our products are critical to the success of our business and operations. As such, it is imperative that our (and our service providers) quality control systems operate effectively and successfully. Quality control systems can be negatively impacted by the design of the quality control systems, the quality training programs and adherence by employees to quality control guidelines. Although we strive to ensure that all of our service providers have implemented and adhere to high-quality control systems, any significant failure or deterioration of such quality control systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.

We are subject to liability arising from any fraudulent or illegal activity by our employees, contractors, and consultants.

We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, and consultants may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless, or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate (i) government regulations, (ii) manufacturing standards, (iii) federal, state, or local healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, or (iv) laws that require the true, complete, and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible for us to identify and deter misconduct by our employees and other third parties, and the precautions taken by us to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any actions are brought against us, including by former employees, independent contractors, and consultants, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment of our operations, any of which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results from operations.

Our products are produced by third parties at their own manufacturing facilities; a significant disruption at such facilities or to any key production equipment could adversely affect our ability to meet consumer and wholesale demand.

All of our products are produced by third parties at their own manufacturing facilities. A significant disruption at such facilities or to any key production equipment, even on a short-term basis, could impair the productions and shipment of products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. The manufacturing operations of these third parties are vulnerable to interruption and damage from natural and other types of disasters, including earthquake, fire, floods, volcanic events, draughts, environmental accidents, winter storms, power loss, disease outbreaks or pandemics such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, communications failures, and similar events. If any disaster were to occur at the facilities of these third parties, our ability to operate our business would be seriously impaired.

12

We rely on a third-party co-packer for certain product components and other third parties for the packaging material for our products, and there is no guarantee that the relationships with the co-packers or packaging companies will continue or that the co-packer or packaging companies will deliver goods on a timely basis.

We rely on a third-party co-packer to provide microbeads utilized in our products, and other third-party companies for the packaging materials for our products. While we have identified other potential suppliers who can supply similar microbeads, we do not currently own and do not plan to develop in-house manufacturing capabilities for these microbeads, and will be reliant on third-party suppliers for microbeads now and going forward. We also do not manufacture our packaging materials for our products and are reliant on third-party packaging companies for these materials. While other packaging companies exist which could provide these packaging materials for our products, locating and changing suppliers could result in product delivery delays to potential customers, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. This co-packer and these packaging companies are third parties over which we have little or no control, and with which we do not have any long-term agreements. The failure of the co-packer to continue to provide the microbeads or to deliver products on a timely basis, or the failure of the third-party packaging companies to provide packaging materials, or the termination of our relationship with any of these parties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.

We are dependent on third parties to supply materials used in our products and packaging, and any interruption or failure by these suppliers or other disruptions to our supply chain may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our ability to make, move, and sell our products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our supply chain, including third-party manufacturing, assembly, or transportation capabilities, due to weather, including any potential effects of climate change, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemics (such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic), strikes, government action, or other reasons beyond our control or the control of our suppliers and business partners, could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Further, we rely on third parties to supply materials used in our products and packaging. Any interruption or failure by our suppliers or other partners to meet their obligations on schedule or in accordance with our expectations, which, in each case, could be the result of one or many factors outside of our control, could delay or prevent the manufacture or commercialization of our products, disrupt our operations, or cause reputational harm to our company, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The global supply chain issues caused by the recent COVID-19 pandemic impacted our ability to obtain packaging materials for our products, and we were forced to delay the launch of our consumer packaged goods because of a delay in our initial orders for packaging samples from suppliers in China. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events when they occur, could adversely affect our business or financial results.

Our financial success will depend on our ability to successfully predict changes in consumer preferences and develop successful new products and marketing strategies in response.

Our ability to earn revenues is substantially dependent on the success of our products, which depends upon, among other matters, pronounced and rapidly changing public tastes, and other factors which are difficult to predict and over which we have little, if any, control. Consumer trends change based on many factors, including but not limited to, nutritional values, consumer preferences, and general economic conditions. Additionally, there is a growing movement among some consumers to buy local products in an attempt to reduce the carbon footprint associated with transporting products from longer distances, and this could result in a decrease in the demand for our nutraceuticals or future mushroom-based products. A shift in consumer demand away from our nutraceuticals or proposed products or our failure to expand our current market position will harm our business and results of operations.

We will be dependent on the popularity and consumer acceptance of our brand.

There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve brand awareness in any of our target regions. In addition, we must develop successful marketing, promotional, and sales programs in order to sell our products. If we are not able to develop successful marketing, promotional, and sales programs, then such failure will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.

We may face unfavorable publicity or consumer perception.

We may depend significantly on consumer perception regarding the safety and quality of our products. Consumer perception of products can be significantly influenced by adverse publicity in the form of published scientific research, media attention, social media, or other publicity, whether or not accurate, that associates consumption of our products or any other similar products with illness or other adverse effects, or questions the benefits of our or similar products or that claims that any such products are ineffective. A new product may initially be received favorably, resulting in high sales of that product, but that sales level may not be sustainable as consumer preferences change. Future scientific research or publicity could be unfavorable to our industry or any of our particular products and may not be consistent with earlier favorable research or publicity. Unfavorable research or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate sales.

13

We are highly dependent upon consumer perception of mushrooms and mushroom-based products. The public may associate our fully legal functional mushroom and nutraceutical products with illegal psychedelic mushrooms, which are prohibited substances in the United States, except under research and related exceptions pursuant to DEA and state registrations in place. Our revenues may be negatively impacted due to the fact the market does not fully accept mushrooms as a food or nutritional product.

If the reputation of our brand erodes significantly, it could have a material impact on our results of operations.

In certain circumstances, our reputation could be damaged as a result of the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, including negative publicity, whether true or not. Widespread adoption of social media and other web-based tools to generate, publish, and discuss user-generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easy for individuals and groups to communicate and share opinions and views regarding us, our products and our activities, whether true or not. Although we believe that we operate in a manner that is respectful to all stakeholders and take care in protecting our image and reputation, we do not ultimately have direct control over how we are perceived by others. Reputation loss may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations, and impede our ability to advance our projects, thereby having a material adverse impact on financial performance, financial condition, cash flows, and growth prospects.

We may not be successful in developing a marketing and sales force for the commercialization of our products, or we may incur substantial expenses to do so.

In order to commercialize and market our products, we must either acquire or develop an internal marketing and sales force with technical expertise and with supporting distribution capabilities, or arrange for third parties to perform these services. The acquisition or development of a sales and distribution infrastructure would require substantial resources, which may divert the attention of our management and key personnel, and defer our product development and deployment efforts. To the extent that we enter into marketing and sales arrangements with other companies, our revenues will depend on the efforts of others. These efforts may not be successful. If we fail to develop substantial sales, marketing, and distribution channels, or to enter into arrangements with third parties for those purposes, we will experience delays in product sales and incur increased costs.

We may be unable to adequately protect our brand and our other intellectual property rights.

Our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our brand and product, and processes and methodologies used to create our products. We have adopted procedures to protect our intellectual property and maintain the secrecy of our confidential business information and trade secrets. However, there can be no assurance that such procedures will afford complete protection of such intellectual property, confidential business information, and trade secrets. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. We have trademark applications for our key names and phrases, and two pending patents for innovations related to our products. We have only filed provisional patent applications, which help protect inventions for a twelve-month period while a formal patent application is being filed. The patent process can take up to twenty-four months or longer to complete and can be challenged during the process. At this time, we cannot state whether the patent applications will be approved, refused, and/or ultimately registered. In addition, our trademark, patent, and other intellectual property rights and related registrations may be challenged in the future and could be cancelled or narrowed.

Failure to protect our trademark rights could prevent us in the future from challenging third parties who use names and logos similar to our trademarks, which may in turn cause consumer confusion or negatively affect consumers perception of our brand and products. Our patent applications may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage. In addition, if we do not keep our trade secrets confidential, others may produce products with our recipes or formulations. Intellectual property disputes and proceedings may be protracted with no certainty of success, and an adverse outcome could subject us to liabilities, force us to cease use of certain trademarks or other intellectual property, or force us to enter into licenses with others. Any one of these occurrences may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our proprietary processes could be materially adversely affected and our business would be harmed.

We consider proprietary trade secrets, confidential know-how, and unpatented know-how to be important to our business. We may rely on trade secrets and confidential know-how to protect our technology, especially where patent protection is believed by us to be of limited value. However, trade secrets and confidential know-how are difficult to protect. We seek to protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, including our employees. However, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties that may have or have had access to our trade secrets.

14

We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. The loss of the First Person brand or logo or other registered or common law trade names or a diminution in the perceived quality of products or services associated with our Company would harm our business. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our technology and the enforcement of our intellectual property rights.

Third parties may assert that we, our employees, consultants, or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets.

Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants, or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

Our internal computer systems may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a significant disruption of our product development programs and our ability to operate our business effectively.

Our internal computer systems may fail or suffer damage due to computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, or telecommunication and electrical failures. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information. Cyber-attacks also could include phishing attempts or e-mail fraud to cause payments or information to be transmitted to an unintended recipient.

While we have not experienced any significant system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions. Additionally, any such event that leads to unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of personal information, including personal information regarding our employees, could harm our reputation, cause us not to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information. Security breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. All such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our ability to produce and sell our products is dependent on compliance with regulatory and other requirements.

The processing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, and distribution of our planned products is subject to regulation by one or more governmental authorities, and various agencies of the federal, state, and localities in which our products are sold. These governmental authorities may attempt to regulate any of our products that fall within their jurisdiction. Our functional mushrooms that we supply to other businesses will be subject to regulation by the USDA and the FDA. Our nutraceutical products will be subject to regulation by the USDA, the FDA, and the FTC. Our intended production of, and research and development involving, psilocybin in the United States will require prior approval from the WDOH and the DEA. We are also required to comply with the regulations and policies promulgated by the EPA and corresponding state agencies.

Such governmental authorities may determine that a particular product or product ingredient presents an unacceptable health risk and may determine that a particular statement of nutritional support that we want to use is an unacceptable claim. Such a determination would prevent us from marketing particular products or using certain statements of nutritional support on our products. We also may be unable to disseminate third-party literature that supports our products if the third-party literature fails to satisfy certain requirements.

15

In addition, governmental authorities could require us to remove a particular product from the market. Any recall or removal would result in additional costs to us, including lost revenues from any products that we are required to remove from the market, any of which could be material. Any such product recalls or removals could lead to liability, substantial costs, and reduced growth prospects, all of which could be material.

Our reputation could suffer from real or perceived issues involving the labeling or marketing of our products.

Products that we sell carry claims as to their origin, ingredients or health benefits, including, by way of example, the use of the term natural, functional, or healthy, or similar synonyms or implied statements relating to such benefits. Although each of the FDA and the USDA has issued statements regarding the appropriate use of the word natural, there is no single, U.S.-government-regulated definition of the term natural for use in the food industry, which is true for many other adjectives common in the better-for-you and functionally-focused food industry. The resulting uncertainty has led to consumer confusion, distrust, and legal challenges. Plaintiffs have commenced legal actions against several food companies that market natural products, asserting false, misleading and deceptive advertising and labeling claims, including claims related to genetically modified ingredients. In limited circumstances, the FDA has taken regulatory action against products labeled natural but that nonetheless contain synthetic ingredients or components. Should we become subject to similar claims, consumers may avoid purchasing products from us or seek alternatives, even if the basis for the claim is unfounded. Adverse publicity about these matters may discourage consumers from buying our products. The cost of defending against any such claims could be significant. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the truthfulness of our labeling or ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value. Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation and brand and decrease our sales, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

A health or safety issue resulting in litigation against us could harm our business.

Health and safety issues related to our products may arise that could lead to litigation or other action against us or to regulation of certain of our product components. We may be required to modify our recipes or packaging and may not be able to do so. In extreme circumstances, we could be required to pay damages that may reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial condition. Even if these concerns prove to be baseless, the resulting negative publicity could affect our ability to market certain of our products and, in turn, could harm our business and results from operations.

Contamination of our products intended for human consumption could result in a product recall or harm our reputation.

The sale of products for human consumption involves inherent risks. We could decide to, or be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed contamination or product tampering. A product recall could lead to litigation and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operation as well as our general reputation in the industry.

Our products may be subject to product recalls or withdrawals.

Manufacturers, producers, and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product defects, such as contamination, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety, and inadequate or inaccurate labelling disclosure. If any of our products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, we could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. We may lose a significant amount of sales and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable level or at all. In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention.

Although we have detailed procedures in place for testing our products, there can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory action or lawsuits. Additionally, if we are subject to recall, our public image could be harmed. A recall for any of the foregoing reasons could lead to decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention, potential loss of applicable permits or licenses, and potential legal fees and other expenses, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

16

We face inherent and significant risks related to product liability and similar claims.

We may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products caused injury or illness, include inadequate instructions for use or include inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with other substances. A product liability claim or regulatory action against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect our reputation with our clients and consumers generally, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our potential products.

We may be required to pay for losses or injuries purportedly or actually caused by our products. Although we have not yet been subject to any product liability claims, we may be subject to such claims in the future, and that liability may exceed the funds available to us.

We are highly dependent on our management team, and the loss of any key member of this team may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner, or at all.

Our success is largely dependent on the performance of our directors and officers. There is no assurance we can maintain the services of our directors, officers, or other qualified personnel required to operate our business. The loss of one more of these persons could seriously harm our business and may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner, or at all.

Conflicts of interest may arise between us and our directors and officers as a result of other business activities undertaken by such individuals.

Except as otherwise restricted in an applicable noncompetition agreement, certain of our directors and officers may become associated with other companies in the same or related industries, which may give rise to conflicts of interest. Directors who have a material interest in any person who is a party to a material contract or a proposed material contract with us or our related parties are required, subject to certain exceptions, to disclose that interest and generally abstain from voting on any resolution to approve the contract. In addition, our directors and officers are required to act honestly and in good faith with a view toward our best interests.

We must attract and maintain key personnel or our business could suffer material harm.

The loss of certain key non-executive employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, an inability to hire, or the increased costs of new personnel, including members of executive management, could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. The expansion of marketing and sales of our products will require us to find, hire, and retain additional capable personnel who can understand, explain, market and sell our products. There is intense competition for capable personnel in all of these areas and we may not be successful in attracting, training, integrating, motivating, or retaining new personnel, vendors, or subcontractors for these required functions. New employees often require significant training and, in many cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. As a result, we may incur significant costs to attract and retain contractors, including significant expenditures related to salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards, and may lose new employees to our competitors or other companies before we realize the benefit of the resources we expend in recruiting and training them.

We may be unable to manage our growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy.

In order to manage growth and change in strategy effectively, we must: (i) maintain adequate systems to meet future customer demands; (ii) expand sales and marketing, distribution capabilities, and administrative functions; (iii) expand the skills and capabilities of our current management team; and (iv) attract and retain qualified employees. While we intend to focus on managing costs and expenses over the long term, we expect to expend substantial resources to support our growth and may have additional unexpected costs. We may not be able to expand quickly enough to exploit potential market opportunities. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results of operations.

17

Adverse U.S. or international economic conditions, including periods of inflation, could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Consumer spending on nutraceutical products is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Adverse U.S. or international economic conditions or periods of inflation or high energy prices may contribute to higher unemployment levels, decreased consumer spending, reduced credit availability, and declining consumer confidence and demand, each of which poses a risk to our business. A decrease in consumer spending or in retailer and consumer confidence and demand for our products could have a significant negative impact on our net sales and profitability, including our operating margins. These economic conditions could cause potential customers or suppliers to experience cash flow or credit problems and impair their financial condition, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect product orders, payment patterns, and default rates and increase our bad debt expense.

Management

Directors, Executive Officers, and Key Employees. Set forth below is certain information with respect to the individuals who are our directors, executive officers, and key employees, following the acquisition of First Person.

Name 

Age 

Position

Cory Rosenberg 

45 

Director, Chief Executive Officer, President, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

Chris L. Claussen 

55 

Director and Chief Innovation Officer

Ariel Fainsod 

45 

Director

Gail D. Hamilton Azodo 

41 

Director

Rosema J. Nemorin 

43 

Director

Executive Officers

Cory Rosenberg has been Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of First Person since January 2021. Prior thereto, Mr. Rosenberg co-founded and led a high-growth premium international fashion and consumer brand, Hook & Albert, in January 2011. He successfully sold the business to a private equity fund in August 2016. Following the sale, Mr. Rosenberg continued as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Hook & Albert and joined the acquiring fund as a Managing Partner, a position he held from August 2016 until September 2019, advising on acquisition and integration strategy and helping build the foundation for an in-house shared services platform, unlocking value for high-growth portfolio brands. In September 2019, Mr. Rosenberg exited to build the framework for First Person. Mr. Rosenberg is a senior executive and seasoned entrepreneur with more than fourteen years of experience building, leading, and growing omni-channel retail and consumer-packaged-goods brands. As a former investment banker, Mr. Rosenberg advised on corporate strategy, mergers and acquisitions, and capital market activities. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Union College and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Darden School at the University of Virginia.

Chris L. Claussen has been Chief Innovation Officer of First Person since January 2021. Prior thereto, Mr. Claussen was a partner and project manager of Three Point Group LLC, a company that assists companies with strategic planning, profit improvement, valuation services, and business exit strategies, from February 2016 until January 2021. Mr. Claussen was the co-founder and Director of Operations for Memento Group LLC, a consumer product innovation business, from January 2018 until December 2020. Mr. Claussen has over twenty years of experience in product and business development. During the five years prior to joining the Company, Mr. Claussen focused on innovative product development in the functional foods and medicinal mushrooms space at Cognitive Performance Consultants. He received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Oklahoma State University.

Board of Directors

Ariel Fainsod co-founded Lease for U in September 2016, and is Lease for Us Chief Executive Officer. Lease for U provides a comprehensive strategy for its clients with business activity looking for a viable alternative for the acquisition of their assets and financing of working capital. Prior to founding Lease for U, Mr. Fainsod was the Chief Financial Officer of AN Global in Mexico from 2013 to September 2016. Mr. Fainsod received a Master of Business Administration degree from the Darden School at the University of Virginia and a Bachelor of Science and Master of Science in Electronic Engineering from Universidad Iberomericana, Mexico City.

Gail D. Hamilton Azodo co-founded Sips Coffee Roasters in July 2019. Ms. Hamilton Azodo has been an Adjunct Professor at Florida International University since January 2019. Prior thereto, Ms. Hamilton Azodo was the North America whisky Marketing Manager for Bacardi, USA, from July 2014 until August 2016. Prior to that, Ms. Hamilton Azodo was a Brand Manager at Proctor & Gamble, from July 2011 until July 2014. Ms. Hamilton Azodo received a Master of Business Administration degree from the Darden School at the University of Virginia and her Bachelor of Science and Economics from the University of Florida.

Rosema J. Nemorin co-founded Lendstreet Financial in June 2010, and is Lendstreet Financials Chief Executive Officer. Lendstreet Financial is a marketplace lending platform which helps borrowers reduce debt and rebuild their credit. Mr. Nemorin received a Master of Business Administration degree from the Darden School at the University of Virginia and his Bachelor of Science and Sports Management from the University of Florida.

18

Family Relationships. There are no family relationships between any of the Companys executive officers and directors.

Employment Agreement Cory Rosenberg. Effective as of January 1, 2022, FP, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Person, entered into an employment agreement with the Companys now-Chief Executive Officer, Cory J. Rosenberg, which agreement will remain in effect for the foreseeable future. Mr. Rosenbergs base salary is currently $150,000 per year and is reviewed annually for the purpose of determining increases, if any, based on his performance, the performance of FP, Inc., the then-prevailing salary scales for comparable positions, inflation, and other relevant factors. Mr. Rosenberg is eligible for an annual cash bonus in accordance with the terms of any annual cash bonus incentive plan maintained for FP, Inc.s key executive officers, as amended from time to time. Mr. Rosenberg is entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, programs, and arrangements made available generally to FP, Inc.s senior executives or to other full-time employees on substantially the same basis that such benefits are provided to such senior executives of a similar level or to other full-time employees (including, without limitation profit-sharing, savings, and other retirement plans or programs (e.g., a 401(k) plan), long-term cash incentive plan, program, or arrangement, medical, dental, hospitalization, vision, short-term and long-term disability, and life insurance plans or programs, accidental death and dismemberment protection, travel accident insurance, and any other fringe benefit or employee welfare benefit plans or programs that may be sponsored by FP, Inc. from time-to-time, including any plans or programs that supplement the above-listed types of plans or programs, whether funded or unfunded); provided, however, that Mr. Rosenberg is not eligible to participate in any generally available severance benefit plan, program, or arrangement sponsored or maintained by FP, Inc. Mr. Rosenbergs employment agreement provides for termination of his employment by either party for any reason upon thirty days prior written notice. Mr. Rosenbergs employment terminates immediately upon his death. If Mr. Rosenberg becomes disabled (as defined in his employment agreement) then FP, Inc. may terminate his employment upon written notice. Mr. Rosenberg may terminate his employment for good reason (as defined in his employment agreement) if (i) not later than ninety days after the occurrence of any act or omission that constitutes good reason, he provides FP, Inc. with a written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the acts or omissions that constitute good reason, (ii) FP, Inc. fails to correct or cure the acts or omissions within thirty days after it receives such written notice, and (iii) Mr. Rosenberg terminates his employment after the expiration of such cure period but not later than sixty days after the expiration of such cure period. Mr. Rosenbergs employment agreement provides that, upon the occurrence of any act or omission that constitutes cause (as defined in his employment agreement), FP, Inc. may terminate his employment if (i) no fewer than fifteen days prior to the termination date, FP, Inc. provides him with written notice of its intent to consider termination of his employment for cause, including a reasonably detailed description of the acts or omissions that our Board of Directors believes constitute cause; and (ii) Mr. Rosenberg fails to cure the acts or omissions that constitute cause within fifteen days after receiving such notice.

Principal Owners of Our Common Stock

The following table sets forth information known to the Company relating to the beneficial ownership of shares of the Companys voting securities, as of the date of this Current Report, by: each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding voting stock; each director; each named executive officer; and all named executive officers and directors as a group. The percentages in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of that date. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse.

Name of Shareholder 

Number of Shares

Beneficially

Owned 

%

Beneficially

Owned(1) 

Effective

Voting

Power 

Common Stock 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Cory Rosenberg 

0 

0 % 

Chris Claussen 

0 

0 % 

Ariel Fainsod 

0 

0 % 

Gail D. Hamilton Azodo 

0 

0 % 

See Note 2 

Rosema J. Nemorin 

0 

0 % 

and Note 4 

Officers and directors, as a group (5 persons) 

0 

0 % 

Series A Preferred Stock(2) 

Cory Rosenberg 

2,000 

100 % 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock(3) 

Cory Rosenberg 

590 

7.37 

% 

Chris Claussen 

273 

3.41 

% 

(1) 

Based on (a) 17,599,999 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 4, 2025, (b) 2,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of February 4, 2025, and (c) 8,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of February 4, 2025, 

(2) 

For so long as the Series A Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class with the holders of the Companys common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock, with the holders of Series A Preferred Stock being entitled to 66-2/3% of the total votes on all such matters.

(3) 

On the third business day immediately following the Companys having increased the number of authorized shares of common stock to no fewer than 500,000,000 shares, all then-outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall, ipso facto, be converted into shares of the Companys common stock at a conversion rate of 12,492.931 shares of Company common stock for each one (1) share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

(4) 

The Companys Chief Executive Officer, Cory Rosenberg, owns 100% of the outstanding shares of the Companys Series A Preferred Stock. Mr. Rosenberg will, therefore, be able to control the management and affairs of the Company, as well as matters requiring the approval by the Companys shareholders, including the election of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, and any other significant corporate transaction.

19

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The description of the issuances of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to First Persons pre-merger shareholders set forth in Item 2.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The issuances of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were made in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as there was no general solicitation, the issuances did not involve a public offering, and there were fewer than 35 non-accredited investors pre-merger shareholders.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

In conjunction with the Merger Agreement, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement (the Control SPA) Jonah Meer and Ido Merfeld each sold 1,000 shares of the Companys Series A Preferred Stock to Cory J. Rosenberg, for $10.00 and other good and valuable consideration. Mr. Rosenbergs ownership of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock provides him voting control of the Company.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 31, 2025, there occurred a change in control of the Company, in conjunction with the acquisition of First Person Ltd. (First Person), as well as a change the Companys Board of Directors and the Companys executive officers. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Jonah Meer and Ido Merfeld resigned as directors of the Company and Cory Rosenberg, Chris Claussen, Ariel Fainsod, Gail D. Hamilton Azodo and Rosema J. Nemorin were appointed as Directors of the Company. These new directors are to serve until the next annual meeting of the Companys shareholders.

Also pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Cory Rosenberg was appointed as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, President, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Secretary; and Chris Claussen was appointed as the Companys Chief Innovation Officer.

Summaries of the backgrounds of these new directors and officers are set forth above under Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets, which information is incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

In connection with our completing the acquisition of First Person Ltd., we issued the press release reproduced below:

20

* * * START PRESS RELEASE * * *

First Person and Qrons Complete Merger, Creating a Publicly Traded Leader in Cognitive Wellness & Functional Beverages

Merger Strengthens First Person's Platform to Scale Innovative Cognitive Supplements and Alcohol-Free Social Tonics

LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA / ACCESS Newswire / February 4, 2025 / First Person, an innovator in cognitive wellness and functional beverages, today announced the successful completion of its merger into Qrons Inc. (OTCQB:QRON), thereby establishing a dynamic publicly traded company at the forefront of the rapidly growing cognitive health and functional wellness markets.

This milestone marks the beginning of an exciting new chapter for First Person as it accelerates growth, expands product distribution, and builds a category-defining platform in science-backed cognitive supplements and alcohol-free social tonics. The combined company will operate under the First Person brand, leveraging its proprietary ingredient formulations, direct-to-consumer success, and omni-channel distribution strategy to drive long-term value for both consumers and shareholders.

A New Era of Growth & Innovation

"Consumers are shifting their priorities, seeking smarter ways to enhance mental clarity, stress relief, and social experiences," said Cory Rosenberg, CEO of First Person. "With this merger, First Person is now in a position to scale efficiently - expanding our product line, increasing market reach, and introducing groundbreaking innovations that redefine how people think about cognitive health and social drinking."

The company's immediate focus is on:

Scaling Its Cognitive Wellness Platform - Expanding its portfolio of science-driven cognitive supplements and accelerating the launch of a first-of-its-kind alcohol-free social tonic.

Expanding Its Brand Footprint & Market Reach - Efficiently growing its direct-to-consumer business while strategically expanding into additional high-velocity retail channels, capitalizing on the high-growth functional wellness market.

Driving Innovation - Leveraging its proprietary ingredients and biotechnology partnerships to develop the next generation of cognitive optimizing and alcohol-free social experience products.

The company's mission-driven approach, combined with its ability to execute and scale, positions First Person for long-term growth.

Jonah Meer, outgoing CEO of Qrons, added, "While Qrons was on the path to exciting scientific breakthroughs, our responsibility was to create value for our shareholders. In First Person, we saw a company with the vision, leadership, and innovation to do just that. It was a pleasure working with Cory and his team on this merger, and I look forward to watching First Person thrive."

For more information, visit firstpersongroup.com.

About First Person

First Person is a cognitive wellness company focused on enhancing mental performance and social well-being through proprietary ingredient innovation and science-backed consumer products. The company is dedicated to addressing the growing demand for effective, healthier alternatives to traditional stimulants and alcohol by pioneering a new category of cognitive supplements and alcohol-free social tonics. With a diversified brand platform, expanding retail presence, and a strong product innovation pipeline, First Person delivers next-generation cognitive solutions that seamlessly integrate into daily routines - helping consumers think, feel, and perform at their best.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially based on various factors.

*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.

Contact Information

Cory Rosenberg

CEO

cory.rosenberg@firstpersongroup.com

* * * END OF PRESS RELEASE * * *

21

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Financial statements of businesses acquired. The financial statements of First Person Ltd. required to be filed under this Item 9.01(a) will be filed by an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 days following the date that this Current Report is required to be filed.

(d) 

Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

2.1 

Plan and Agreement of Merger between and among Qrons Inc., Primary Merger Sub, Inc. and First Person Ltd.

3.1 

Articles of Amendment filed January 2, 2025 (Restatement of Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock and Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

10.1 

Anti-Dilution Agreement among the Company, Jonah Meer, Decagon LLC, d/b/a CubeSquare LLC, Ido Merfeld and First Person Ltd.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document).

22

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunder duly authorized.

QRONS INC. 

Date: February 4, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Cory Rosenberg 

Cory Rosenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>qron_ex21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLAN AND AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
qron_ex21.htm

EXHIBIT 2.1

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER

Plan and Agreement of Merger1, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Agreement), among Qrons Inc., a Wyoming corporation (Parent), Primary Merger Sub, Inc., a Colorado corporation wholly owned by Parent (Merger Sub), and First Person Ltd., an Alberta, Canada corporation (Target) (Merger Sub and Target being hereinafter collectively referred to as the Constituent Corporations).

WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Target have approved the acquisition of Target by Parent;

WHEREAS, in furtherance of such acquisition, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Target have each approved the merger of Merger Sub into Target (the Merger), pursuant to an Agreement of Merger in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Merger Agreement), and the transactions contemplated hereby, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the statutes of the State of Colorado and the Province of Alberta, Canada, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(A) and 368(a)(2)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); and

WHEREAS, each of the parties to this Agreement desires to make certain representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions thereto. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound thereby, Parent, Merger Sub and Target hereby agree as follows:

1. The Merger.

1.01 The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.02) and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Target, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Target shall continue as the surviving corporation, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Colorado Revised Statutes and the Alberta (Canada) Business Corporations Act (the Alberta Law). Target, as the surviving corporation after the Merger, is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Surviving Corporation.

____________ 

1References in this Agreement to merger shall include amalgamation as that term is defined in the Alberta (Canada) Business Corporations Act.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 1

1.02 Effective Time. As promptly as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6, and provided that this Agreement has not been terminated or abandoned pursuant to Section 8, the Constituent Corporations shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing Articles of Merger/Articles of Amalgamation (the Articles of Amalgamation) with the office of the Secretary of State of Colorado and the Alberta Corporate Registry, respectively, in such form as required by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of the Alberta Law. The Effective Time of the Merger shall mean the Closing Date (defined below). Each of the parties shall use its best efforts to cause the Merger to be consummated as soon as practicable following the fulfillment or waiver of the conditions specified in Section 6 hereof.

1.03 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of the Alberta Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, except as otherwise provided herein, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Target shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of Target shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

1.04 Articles of Incorporation; Bylaws.

(a) At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of Target, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by law and such Articles of Incorporation.

(b) The Bylaws of Target, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such Bylaws.

1.05 Directors and Officers. The board of directors of Target immediately upon the Effective Time shall be Cory J. Rosenberg, Chris L. Claussen, Ariel Fainsod, Gail D. Hamilton Azodo and Rosema J. Nemorin, each to hold office in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of Target immediately upon the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately prior to the Effective Time, in each case until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

1.06 Conversion of Securities. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any additional action on the part of Merger Sub and Target, the following shall occur:

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 2

(a) Each share of common stock of Target (the Target Common Stock) held in the treasury of Target and each such share of Target Common Stock owned by Merger Sub, Parent or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent or of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and extinguished without any conversion thereof and no payment shall be made with respect thereto.

(b) Each share of Target Common Stock which is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than those shares of Target Common Stock cancelled as set forth in subsection (a) hereof, shall be converted into the right to receive shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Parent (the Parent Merger Stock), as follows:

at the Effective Time, the then-outstanding shares of Target Common Stock shall be exchanged, pro rata, for a total of 8,000 shares of Parent Merger Stock (these shares of Parent Merger Stock are referred to as the Merger Shares). The Merger Shares are referred to as the Merger Consideration.2

The Certificate of Designation of Parents Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is attached hereto as Exhibit B and made a part hereof.

(c) Anti-Dilution Adjustments. The number of shares included in the Merger Consideration (the Merger Shares) shall be subject to adjustment as follows:

(1) In case the Parent shall, after the date of hereof and prior to the Effective Time, (A) pay a dividend or make a distribution on its Parent Merger Stock in shares of its capital stock or other securities, (B) subdivide its outstanding shares of Parent Merger Stock into a greater number of shares, (C) combine its outstanding Parent Merger Stock into a smaller number of shares or (D) issue, by reclassification of its Parent Merger Stock, shares of its capital stock or other securities of the Parent (including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger in which Parent is the continuing corporation), the number of Merger Shares issuable to the shareholders of Target (the Shareholders) immediately prior thereto shall be adjusted so that the Shareholders shall be entitled to receive the kind and number of Merger Shares, shares of Parents capital stock and other securities of Parent which such holder would have owned or would have been entitled to receive immediately after the happening of any of the events described above, had the Merger Shares been issued to the Shareholders immediately prior to the happening of such event or any record date with respect thereto. Any adjustment made pursuant to this subsection shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event.

____________ 

2Parent, Merger Sub and Target understand and agree that the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is being issued in lieu of shares of common stock of Parent, due to Parents existing lack of sufficient authorized shares of common stock to so issue the requisite number of shares. Parent, Merger Sub and Target further understand and agree that, were there sufficient authorized shares of common stock of Parent available to be issued at the Closing hereunder, immediately following the Effective Time, the ownership of Parents common stock would be as follows:

Parent Shareholders Immediately After the Effective Time......................................................... 18,000,000 shares (14.50%)

Target Shareholders Immediately After Effective Time............................................................... 99,943,448 shares(80.51%)

Other Merger-Related Issuances Immediately After Effective Time................................................. 6,194,482 shares (4.99%)

Total 124,137,930 shares (100%) 

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 3

(2) In case Parent shall, after the date of hereof and prior to the Effective Time, issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities to holders of its Parent Merger Stock, without any charge to such holders, containing the right to subscribe for or purchase Parent Merger Stock, the number of Merger Shares thereafter issuable to the Shareholders shall be determined by multiplying the number of Merger Shares theretofore issuable to the Shareholders by a fraction, of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Parent Merger Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such rights, options, warrants or convertible securities plus the number of additional shares of Parent Merger Stock offered for subscription or purchase, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Parent Merger Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such rights, options, warrants or convertible securities. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such rights, options, warrants or convertible securities are issued, and shall become effective immediately upon issuance of such rights, options, warrants or convertible securities.

(3) In case Parent shall, after the date of hereof and prior to the Effective Time, distribute to holders of its Parent Merger Stock evidences of its indebtedness or assets (excluding cash dividends or distributions out of current earnings made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices), then in each case the number of Merger Shares that have not yet been issued to the Shareholders shall be determined by multiplying the number of Merger Shares that have not yet been issued to the Shareholders by a fraction, of which the numerator shall be the then Market Price (as defined below) on the date of such distribution, and of which the denominator shall be such Market Price on such date minus the then fair value (determined as provided in subsection (d) below) of the portion of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed applicable to one share of Parent Merger Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective on the date of distribution.

(4) To the extent not covered by subsections (b) or (c) hereof:

(A) In case Parent shall sell or issue Parent Merger Stock or rights, options, warrants or convertible securities containing the right to subscribe for, purchase or exchange into shares of Parent Merger Stock at a price per share lower than $0.04 per share, then the number of unissued Merger Shares shall thereafter be equal to the sum of the number of unissued Merger Shares immediately prior to such sale or issuance plus the number of shares of Parent Merger Stock and rights, options, warrants or convertible securities containing the right to subscribe for, purchase or exchange into shares of Parent Merger Stock sold or issued in such issuance.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 4

(B) In case Parent shall sell or issue Parent Merger Stock or rights, options, warrants or convertible securities containing the right to subscribe for, purchase or exchange into Parent Merger Stock for a consideration consisting, in whole or in part, of property other than cash or its equivalent, then, in determining the price per share of Parent Merger Stock and the consideration received by Parent for purposes of the first sentence of this subsection (c), the Board of Directors shall determine the fair value of said property, and such determination, if based upon the Board of Directors good faith business judgment, shall be binding upon the Shareholders. In determining the price per share of Parent Merger Stock, any underwriting discounts or commissions paid to brokers, dealers or other selling agents shall not be deducted from the price received by Parent for sales of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or issued in a private placement.

(5) For the purpose of this Section 1.06, the term Parent Merger Stock shall mean (A) the class of stock designated as the Parent Merger Stock of parent at the date of this Agreement or (B) any other class of stock resulting from successive changes or reclassifications of such Parent Merger Stock consisting solely of changes in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par value. In the event that at any time, as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to this Section 1.06, a Shareholder shall become entitled to receive any securities of Parent other than Parent Merger Stock, (i) if the Shareholders right to acquire is on any other basis than that available to all holders of Parent Merger Stock, Parent shall obtain an opinion of a reputable investment banking firm valuing such other securities and (ii) thereafter the number of such other securities so purchasable upon issuance of the Merger Consideration shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the Parent Merger Stock contained in this Section 1.06.

(6) Upon any adjustment of the number of Merger Shares, then and in each such case, Parent shall give written notice thereof, by e-mail as provided herein addressed to the Shareholders as shown on the books of Parent, which notice shall state the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares of Parent Merger Stock issuable to the Shareholders as Merger Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based.

(d) The common stock, par value $.001 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, which shall be the only shares of the Surviving Corporation outstanding after the Effective Time, resulting in the Surviving Corporation being wholly owned by Parent after the Effective Time.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 5

1.07 Surrender of and Exchange of Target Common Stock.

(a) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, the stock certificates and/or book entry statements representing Target Common Stock issued and outstanding at the Effective Time (or affidavits of lost certificates in a form reasonably acceptable to Parent) shall be surrendered for exchange to the Surviving Corporation. Until so surrendered for exchange, each such stock certificate and/or book entry statement nominally representing Target Common Stock shall be deemed for all purposes (except for payment of dividends thereon or redemption thereof) to evidence the ownership of the number of shares of Parent Voting Stock which the holder would be entitled to receive upon its surrender to the Surviving Corporation.

(b) No redemption with respect to Parent Merger Stock shall be made with respect to any unsurrendered certificates representing shares of Target Common Stock with respect to which the shares of Parent Merger Stock shall have been issued in the Merger, until such certificates shall be surrendered as provided herein.

(c) All rights to receive the Merger Consideration into which shares of Target Common Stock shall have been converted pursuant to this Section 1 shall be deemed to have been paid or issued, as the case may be, in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Target Common Stock.

1.08 Closing. The closing (the Closing) of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall take place at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, on or before January 20, 2024, to be effective January 1, 2025 (the Closing Date).

2. Further Agreements.

2.01 Access to Information; Confidentiality.

(a) From the date hereof to the Effective Time, each of Parent, Merger Sub and Target shall, and shall cause their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, auditors and agents to afford the officers, employees and agents of one another complete access at all reasonable times to one anothers officers, employees, agents, properties, offices, plants and other facilities and to all books and records, and shall furnish one another with all financial, operating and other data and information as each, through its officers, employees or agents, may reasonably request; provided, however, that no party shall be required to provide access or furnish information which it is prohibited by law or contract to provide or furnish.

(b) Each of Parent, Merger Sub and Target shall, and shall cause their respective affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents to hold in strict confidence all data and information obtained by them from one another or their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents (unless such information is or becomes readily ascertainable from public or published information or trade sources or public disclosure or such information is required by law) and shall insure that such officers, directors, employees and agents do not disclose such information to others without the prior written consent of Parent, Merger Sub or Target, as the case may be.

(c) In the event of the termination of this Agreement, Parent, Merger Sub and Target shall, and shall cause their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents to (1) return every document furnished to them by one another or any of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and any copies thereof, and (2) shall cause others to whom such documents may have been furnished to return such documents and any copies thereof any of them may have made.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 6

(d) No investigation pursuant to this Section 2 shall affect any representations or warranties of the parties herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties hereto.

2.02 Notification of Certain Matters. Target shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent shall give prompt notice to Target, of (a) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which would be likely to cause any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate, and (b) any failure of Target, Parent or Merger Sub, as the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 2 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

2.03 Board of Directors of Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, Cory J. Rosenberg, Chris L. Claussen, Ariel Fainsod, Gail D. Hamilton Azodo and Rosema J. Nemorin shall be elected as directors of Surviving Corporation, to serve until the earlier of their removal or resignation.

2.04 Board of Directors of Parent. At the Effective Time, Cory J. Rosenberg, Chris L. Claussen, Ariel Fainsod, Gail D. Hamilton Azodo and Rosema J. Nemorin shall be elected as directors of Parent, to serve until the earlier of their removal or resignation.

2.05 Officers of Parent. At the Effective Time, Cory J. Rosenberg shall be appointed Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary of Parent, Darcy A. Campbell shall be appointed Chief Financial Officer of Parent and Chris L. Claussen shall be appointed Chief Innovation Officer of Parent.

2.06 Anti-Dilution Agreement. At or before the Closing, Parent, Target and certain shareholders of Parent shall have entered into an anti-dilution agreement (the Anti-Dilution Agreement) in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

2.07 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. At or before the Closing, Cory Rosenberg, Jonah Meer and Ido Merfeld shall have entered into a preferred stock purchase agreement (the Preferred Stock Agreement), in a form acceptable to Target, pursuant to which Mr. Rosenberg would purchase all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock of Parent.

2.08 Further Action. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, each of the parties hereto shall use its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all other things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 7

2.09 Public Announcements. No party shall issue a press release or otherwise make any public statements with respect to the Merger, without the prior consent of the other parties; provided, however, that Parent may, without the prior consent of any party, issue a press release or otherwise make public statements with respect to the Merger, should such press release or public statements be deemed, in good faith, necessary by Parent to assure its compliance with applicable securities laws.

3. Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub hereby, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to Target that, except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule of Parent and Merger Sub delivered herewith to Target (the Parent Disclosure Schedule):

3.01 Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority and is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates, approvals and orders to own, operate or lease the properties that it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned, operated or leased or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except for such failures which, when taken together with all other such failures, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub has received any notice of proceedings relating to revocation or modification of any such franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates, approvals or orders. The term Material Adverse Effect, as used herein, means any change in or effect on the business of Parent or Merger Sub (including intangible properties), prospects, condition (financial or otherwise), assets or subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Parent has no subsidiaries other than Merger Sub.

3.02 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Parent shall, as part of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, furnish to Target a complete and correct copy of the Articles of Incorporation and the Bylaws, each as amended to date, of Parent and Merger Sub. Such Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws are in full force and effect.

3.03 Capitalization.3 As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of Parent consists of: 100,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 18,000,000 shares will be issued and outstanding as of the Effective Time; and 10,000 shares of preferred stock, of which (a) 2,000 shares are designated Series A Preferred Stock and 2,000 shares are issued and outstanding; and (b) of which 8,000 shares are designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and none of which is issued and outstanding.

____________ 

3Parent warrants that it has filed with the Wyoming Secretary of State a Restated Certificate of Designation of its Series A Preferred Stock, in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto, and a Certificate of Designation of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 8

All currently issued shares of capital stock of Parent are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of Parent are held in the treasury of Parent or by subsidiaries of Parent. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, no shares of capital stock of Parent are reserved for future issuance.

Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, each of the outstanding securities of each of Parents corporate subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and such securities owned by Parent are owned free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, agreements, limitations on Parents voting rights, charges or other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.

3.04 Authority Relative to this Agreement. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub other than filing and recording of appropriate merger documents as required by the Alberta Law. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Target, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each such corporation.

3.05 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

(a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub shall not, (1) conflict with or violate either the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Parent or the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Merger Sub, (2) conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or by which either of them or their respective properties is bound or affected, or (3) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the property or assets of Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective properties is bound or affected, except for any such breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub does not, and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub shall not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, except for applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) and State securities laws (Blue Sky Laws).

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 9

3.06 Compliance. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, (a) its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents, (b) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or by which its or any of their respective properties is bound or affected, including, without limitation, health and safety, environmental, civil rights laws and regulations and zoning ordinances and building codes, or (c) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise, easement, consent, order or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective properties is bound or affected, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.07 Tax Treatment. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub, nor to the knowledge of Parent, any of their affiliates, has taken or agreed to take action that would prevent the merger contemplated by this Agreement from constituting a tax-free reorganization under Sections 368(a)(1)(A) and 368(a)(2)(D) of the Code.

3.08 No Liabilities. As of the Closing, Merger Sub will not have any liability of any kind, whether known or unknown, asserted or unasserted, absolute or contingent, accrued and unaccrued, liquidated or unliquidated, due or became due, by virtue of contract, statute, regulation, law, equity or otherwise.

3.09 OTC Markets Trading. Parents common stock currently trades on the OTC Markets OTCQB platform (symbol: QRON) and Parent meets all issuer and equity security requirements to permit a FINRA member to quote Parents common stock thereon, and, to Parents knowledge, shall be entitled to continue to be so quoted following the merger contemplated by this Agreement.

3.10 Shareholder Claims. There are no existing claims against Parent by any current or former shareholder of Parent, and, to Parents knowledge, there exist no facts or circumstances reasonably likely to result in any such claims.

3.11 Operations of Merger Sub. Merger Sub is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent, was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its operations only as contemplated by this Agreement.

3.12 Powers of Attorney and Suretyships. Parent does not have (a) any general powers of attorney outstanding, whether as grantor or grantee thereof, (b) except as reflected in its financial statements, any obligation or liability, whether actual, accrued, accruing, contingent or otherwise, as guarantor, surety, co-signed, endorser, co-maker, indemnitor, or otherwise in respect of the obligation of any person, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, organization or other entity.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 10

3.13 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a) Parent has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed with the SEC and has heretofore delivered to Target, in the form filed with the SEC, (1) its Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2023; (2) its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024; (3) all other reports or registration statements filed by Parent with the SEC since September 30, 2024; and (4) all amendments and supplements to all such reports and registration statements filed by Parent with the SEC since September 30, 2024 (collectively, the Parent SEC Reports). The Parent SEC Reports (1) were, and will be, prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (2) did not, and will not, at the time they were, or will be, filed, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(b) Each consolidated financial statement (including, in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Parent SEC Reports has been, and will be, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and each fairly presents, and will present, the financial position of Parent and its subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the results of its operations and changes in financial position for the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments which were not or are not expected to be material in amount.

(c) Except as and to the extent set forth on the consolidated balance sheet of Parent and its subsidiaries as at September 30, 2024, including the notes thereto (the 2024 Balance Sheet Date), neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) which would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet, or in the notes thereto, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, except for liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business since the Balance Sheet Date, which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Parent has heretofore furnished to Target a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC, to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been filed by Parent with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 11

3.14 Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, there are no claims, actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the best knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent or any of its subsidiaries, or any properties or rights of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, before any court, arbitrator, or administrative, governmental or regulatory authority or body, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their properties is subject to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award having a Material Adverse Effect.

3.15 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since the 2024 Balance Sheet Date, except as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or disclosed in Parent SEC Reports filed since that date and through the date hereof, Parent and its subsidiaries have conducted their businesses only in the ordinary course and in a manner consistent with past practice and, since such date, there has not been (a) any change in the financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects of Parent or any of its subsidiaries having a Material Adverse Effect, (b) any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) with respect to any assets of Parent or any of its subsidiaries having a Material Adverse Effect, (c) any material change by Parent in its accounting methods, principles or practices, (d) any revaluation by Parent of any of its assets, including, without limitation, writing down the value of inventory or any notes, accounts receivable or other investments which would, individually or in the aggregate, exceed five percent of the total assets of Parent as reflected on the balance sheets in Parents Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024; (e) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividends or distributions in respect of shares of Parent Merger Stock or any redemption, purchase or other acquisition of any of its securities; or (f) any change in the status of any litigation, claims, actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the best knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent or any of its subsidiaries, which, as a result of such change, will have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.16 Environmental Matters. To the best of Parents knowledge, there are no environmental liabilities (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) of Parent.

3.17 Labor Matters. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, (a) there are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, threatened, between Parent or any of its subsidiaries and any of their respective employees, which controversies have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by Parent or its subsidiaries nor does Parent or any of its subsidiaries know of any activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any such employees; (c) neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has breached or otherwise failed to comply with any provision of any such agreement or contract and there are no grievances outstanding against any such parties under any such agreement or contract; (d) there are no unfair labor practice complaints pending against Parent or any of its subsidiaries before the National Labor Relations Board or any current union representation questions involving employees of Parent or any of its subsidiaries; and (e) neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any knowledge of any strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages, lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with respect to any employees of Parent or any of its subsidiaries.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 12

3.18 Contracts. The Parent Disclosure Schedule lists or describes all material contracts or arrangements to which Parent or any subsidiary is a party, or by which it is bound, as of the date hereof. All such contracts and arrangements are in full force and effect and there has been no notice of termination or threatened termination with respect to any such contracts and arrangements, whether or not termination is permitted by the terms thereof, and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both, would constitute a breach or default under any such contract or arrangement, except for such breaches, defaults and events as to which requisite waivers or consents have been obtained.

3.19 Title to Properties. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, Parent has, and at the Effective Time will have, good and marketable title to the equipment and other property shown as assets on its records and books of account as of the Balance Sheet Date, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and charges.

3.20 Patents and Intellectual Property.. Parent either by itself or in conjunction with others has filed patent applications in the field of biotechnology and chemistry, and possess intellectual property in such fields (IP). No IP is being transferred as a result of the merger and Parent shall be free to transfer and or return such IP as directed by the current owners and inventors of such IP.

3.21 Taxes. Except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, Parent and Merger Sub have filed all federal and state tax returns and reports and, to the best of Parents knowledge, all state, local and foreign tax returns and reports required to be filed by them and have paid and discharged all taxes, including sales and use tax, shown as due thereon and have paid all applicable state and local ad valorem taxes as are due, except such as are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and except for such filings, payments or other occurrences which would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the IRS nor any other taxing authority or agency is now asserting or, to the best of Parents knowledge, threatening to assert against Parent or any of its subsidiaries any deficiency or claim for additional taxes or interest thereon or penalties in connection therewith. Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has granted any waiver of any statute of limitations with respect to, or any extension of a period for the assessment of, any federal, state, county, municipal or foreign income tax.

3.22 Brokers; Finders. No person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon Parent and/or Merger Sub for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of Parent and/or Merger Sub.

3.23 Full Disclosure. No statement contained in any document, certificate or other writing furnished or to be furnished by Parent or Merger Sub to Target pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement contains or shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or shall omit to state any material fact necessary, in light of the circumstances under which it was or may be made, in order to make the statements herein or therein not misleading.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 13

4. Representations and Warranties of Target. Target hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that, except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule of Target delivered to Parent and Merger Sub (the Target Disclosure Schedule):

4.01 Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries. Target is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Province of Alberta (Canada) and has the requisite corporate power and authority and is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates, approvals and orders to own, operate or lease the properties that it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned, operated or leased or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except for such failures which, when taken together with all other such failures, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Target has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates, approvals or orders.

The term Material Adverse Effect as used in this Section 4, means any change in or effect on the business of Target that is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, operations, properties (including intangible properties), prospects, condition (financial or otherwise), assets or liabilities of Target taken as a whole. Target has the subsidiaries listed in the Target Disclosure Schedule.

4.02 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Target shall, as part of the Target Disclosure Schedule, furnish to Parent a complete and correct copy of the Articles of Incorporation and the Bylaws, each as amended to date, of Target. Such Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws are in full force and effect.

4.03 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of Target is as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, which information is specifically made a part hereof. As of the date of this Agreement, all such shares of capital stock, including the Target Common Stock, are issued and outstanding, all of which are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; no shares of Target Common Stock are held in the treasury of Target. Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, there are no options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of Target or obligating Target to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, Target. Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of Target to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of Target Common Stock.

4.04 Authority Relative to this Agreement. Target has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Target and the consummation by Target of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Target subject to the approval of the Merger and adoption of this Agreement by the Shareholders in accordance with the Alberta Law. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Target and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Target.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 14

4.05 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

(a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Target does not, and the performance of this Agreement by Target shall not, (1) conflict with or violate the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Target, (2) conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Target or by which its properties are bound or affected, or (3) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Target pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Target is a party or by which Target or its properties are bound or affected, except for such breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not, individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Target does not, and the performance of this Agreement shall not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign.

4.06 Compliance. Target is not in conflict with, or in default or violation of, (a) its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents, (b) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Target or by which its properties are bound or affected, including, without limitation, health and safety, environmental and civil rights laws and regulations and zoning ordinances and building codes, or (c) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise, easement, consent, order or other instrument or obligation to which Target is a party or by which Target or its properties are bound or affected, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.07 Reserved.

4.08 Bank Account Statements. As part of the Target Disclosure Schedule, Target shall deliver to Parent and Merger Sub copies of all of its bank account statements, since inception. All of such statements are true and complete and represent all of the banking transactions of Target during its existence.

4.09 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since the date of the latest financial statements provided by Target to Parent, except as contemplated by this Agreement or disclosed in the Target Disclosure Schedule, Target has conducted its business only in the ordinary course and in a manner consistent with past practice and, since such date, there has not been any change in the business or prospects of Target having a Material Adverse Effect or any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividends or distributions in respect of shares of Target Common Stock or any redemption, purchase or other acquisition of any of its securities.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 15

4.10 Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in Target Disclosure Schedule, there are no claims, actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the best knowledge of Target, threatened against Target, or any properties or rights of Target, before any court, arbitrator, or administrative, governmental or regulatory authority or body, that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, neither Target nor its properties is subject to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award having a Material Adverse Effect.

4.11 Labor Matters. Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, (a) there are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of Target, threatened, between Target and any of its employees, which controversies have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) Target is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract.

4.12 Contracts. The Target Disclosure Schedule lists or describes all contracts, authorizations, approvals or arrangements to which Target is a party, or by which it is bound, as of the date hereof, and which (a) obligates or may obligate Target to pay more than $100,000; or (b) are financing documents, loan agreements or agreements providing for the guarantee of the obligations of any party in each case involving an obligation in excess of $100,000.

4.13 Title to Property and Leases.

(a) Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, each asset owned or leased by Target is owned or leased free and clear of any mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests, conditional and installment sale agreements, encumbrances, charges or other claims of third parties of any kind.

(b) Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, all leases of real property leased for the use or benefit of Target to which Target is a party, and all amendments and modifications thereof are in full force and effect and have not been modified or amended and there exists no material default under the leases by Target, nor any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material default thereunder by Target.

(c) A statement describing all assets of Target is included in the Target Disclosure Schedule.

4.14 Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, at the Closing, Target will own any and all intellectual property, including, without limitation, any and all patents and/or patent applications, and other rights pertaining to any and all assets related to Targets business operations and utilized therein.

The Target Disclosure Schedule lists each patent and patent application of Target and includes copies of all documentation relating to each such patent and/or patent application. Further, the Target Disclosure Schedule lists or describes every other item of intellectual property of Target.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 16

4.15 Insurance. The Target Disclosure Schedule lists and describes all policies of insurance in force and held by Target.

4.16 Taxes. Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, Target has filed all federal and state tax returns and reports and, to the best of Targets knowledge, all state, local and foreign tax returns and reports required to be filed have been filed and Target has paid and discharged all taxes, including sales and use taxes, shown as due thereon and has paid all applicable state and local ad valorem taxes as are due, except such as are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and except for such filings, payments or other occurrences which would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, neither the IRS nor any other taxing authority or agency is now asserting or, to the best of Targets knowledge, threatening to assert against Target any deficiency or claim for additional taxes or interest thereon or penalties in connection therewith. Except as set forth in the Target Disclosure Schedule, Target has not granted any waiver of any statute of limitations with respect to, or any extension of a period for the assessment of, any federal, state, county, municipal or foreign income tax.

4.17 Brokers; Finders. Except for Venture Capital Group, LLC, no person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon Target for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of Target.

4.18 Full Disclosure. No statement contained in any document, certificate or other writing furnished or to be furnished by Target or the Shareholders to Parent and Merger Sub pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement contains or shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or shall omit to state any material fact necessary, in light of the circumstances under which it was or may be made, in order to make the statements herein or therein not misleading.

5. Conduct of Business Pending the Merger.

5.01 Conduct of Business by Target Pending the Merger. Target covenants and agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, unless Parent shall otherwise agree in writing, the business of Target shall be conducted only in, and Target shall not take any action except in, the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice; and Target shall use its best efforts to preserve substantially intact the business organization of Target, to keep available the services of the present officers, employees and consultants of Target and to preserve the present relationships of Target with customers, suppliers and other persons with which Target has significant business relations. By way of amplification and not limitation, except as contemplated by this Agreement, Target shall not, directly or indirectly, do, or propose to do, any of the following without the prior written consent of Parent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld:

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 17

(a) amend or otherwise change its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents;

(b) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, encumber or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition or encumbrance of (1) any shares of capital stock of any class, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of capital stock, or any other ownership interest, of Target or (2) any assets of Target or any other material assets of Target other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

(c) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its capital stock;

(d) reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock;

(e) (1) acquire (by merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation, partnership or other business organization or division thereof; (2) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt securities or assume, guaranty or endorse or otherwise as an accommodation, become responsible for the obligations of any person, or make any loans or advances, except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; (3) authorize any capital expenditure which is not in the ordinary course of business; or (4) enter into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement to any of the effects set forth in this subparagraph (e);

(f) increase the compensation payable or to become payable to its officers or employees, except for increases in salary or wages of employees of Target who are not officers of Target in accordance with past practices, or grant any severance or termination pay to, or enter into any employment or severance agreement with, any director or officer of Target, or establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment, termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or arrangement for the benefit of any directors, officers or employees;

(g) take any action other than in the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice with respect to accounting policies or procedures (including, without limitation, procedures with respect to the payments of accounts payable and collection of accounts receivable);

(h) settle or compromise any material federal, state, local or foreign income tax liability; or

(i) pay, discharge, compromise or consent to any arrangements concerning or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge, compromise, settlement, arrangement or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the financial statements of Target or incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 18

5.02 Conduct of Business by Parent and Merger Sub Pending the Merger. Parent and Merger Sub covenant and agree that, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, Parent shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or any material portion of its assets.

5.03 Approval of Shareholders. Target shall secure the consent of the shareholders of Target to this Agreement, in accordance with the provisions of the Alberta Law.

5.04 Securities Law Compliance. All of the parties hereto shall take any action required to be taken under applicable Canadian, United States Federal and/or provincial/state securities laws applicable to (a) the Merger and (b) the issuance of Parent Merger Stock pursuant to the Merger. Parent shall promptly deliver to Target copies of any filings made by Parent and/or Merger Sub pursuant to this Section 5.04.

5.05 Third Party Consents. Each party to this Agreement shall use its best efforts to obtain, as soon as reasonably practicable, all permits, authorizations, consents, waivers and approvals from third parties or governmental authorities necessary to consummate this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, any permits, authorizations, consents, waivers and approvals required in connection with the Merger.

6. Conditions of Merger.

6.01. Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment of all of the following conditions precedent at or prior to the Effective Time:

(a) Shareholder Approval. This Agreement shall have been approved and adopted in writing by the shareholders of Target, in accordance with the provisions of the Alberta Law.

(b) No Order. No Canadian, United States or provincial/state governmental authority or other agency or commission or United States or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and has the effect of making the conversion of Target Common Stock into the Merger Consideration illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c) No Challenge. There shall not be pending or threatened any action, proceeding or investigation before any court or administrative agency by any government agency or any other person challenging, or seeking material damages in connection with the conversion of Target Common Stock into the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger or otherwise materially adversely affecting the business, assets, prospects, financial condition or results of operations of Target, Merger Sub, Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 19

(d) Anti-Dilution Agreement. Parent, Target and certain shareholders of Parent shall have duly executed the Anti-Dilution Agreement.

(e) Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. At or before the Closing, Cory Rosenberg, Jonah Meer and Ido Merfeld shall have entered into the Preferred Stock Agreement.

6.02 Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are also subject to the fulfillment of all of the following conditions precedent at or prior to the Effective Time:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Target and the Shareholders contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Time, except for changes contemplated by this Agreement and except for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which shall remain true and correct as of such date), with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Effective Time, and Parent and Merger Sub shall have received a Certificate of the Executive Officers of Target which is to that effect, which certificate shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.02(a).

(b) Agreements and Covenants. Target and the Shareholders shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or prior to the Effective Time, and Parent and Merger Sub shall have received a Certificate of the Executive Officers of Target to that effect, which certificate shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.02(b).

(c) Consents Obtained. All consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders required to be obtained, and all filings required to be made, by Target for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained and made by Target.

(d) No Material Adverse Change. There shall have been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of Target.

6.03 Additional Conditions to Obligations of Target. The obligations of Target to effect the Merger is also subject to fulfillment of all of the following conditions precedent, at or prior to the Effective Time:

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 20

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in the Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Time, except for changes contemplated by this Agreement and except for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which shall remain true and correct as of such date), with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Effective Time, and Target shall have received a Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Parent and Incorporator of Merger Sub which is to that effect, which certificate shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.03(a).

(b) Agreements and Covenants. Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or prior to the Effective Time, and Target shall have received a Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Parent and Incorporator of Merger Sub which is to that effect, which certificate shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 6.03(b).

(c) Conversion of Preferred Stock. At or before the Closing, all outstanding shares of preferred stock of Target shall have been converted into shares of Target Common Stock.

(d) Funding. At or before Closing, Target shall have obtained commitments for debt financing that would be executed after the Closing, in an amount not less than $250,000.00.

(e) Consents Obtained. All consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders required to be obtained, and all filings required to be made, by Parent and Merger Sub for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by them of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained and made by Parent and Merger Sub.

(f) No Material Adverse Change. There shall have been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, of Parent.

7. Indemnification.

7.01 Target Indemnities. Target agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Parent, its current and former directors, officers, affiliates, agents, attorneys and their respective successors and assigns from, against and in respect of the full amount of any and all liabilities, damages, claims, deficiencies, fines, assessments, losses, taxes, penalties, interest, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel (Damages) arising from, in connection with, or incident to any untruth, inaccuracy, breach or omission of, from or in, the representations and warranties made to Buyer herein; or any nonfulfillment of any covenant or agreement of Target under this Agreement; or from any untruth, inaccuracy, breach or omission of, from or in, any representation or warranty, or any nonfulfillment of any covenant or agreement made by Target in the Schedules, the exhibits or any other written statement, list, certificate or other instrument furnished to Parent by or on behalf of Target pursuant to this Agreement; or any operations of Parent prior to the Effective Time.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 21

7.02 Parent Indemnities. Parent agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Target, its affiliates, agents attorneys and their respective successors and assigns from, against and in respect of the full amount of any and all liabilities, damages, claims, deficiencies, fines, assessments, losses, taxes, penalties, interest, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel (Damages) arising from, in connection with, or incident to any untruth, inaccuracy, breach or omission of, from or in, the representations and warranties made to Target herein; or any nonfulfillment of any covenant or agreement of Parent under this Agreement; or from any untruth, inaccuracy, breach or omission of, from or in, any representation or warranty, or any nonfulfillment of any covenant or agreement made by Parent in the Schedules, the exhibits or any other written statement, list, certificate or other instrument furnished to Target by or on behalf of Parent pursuant to this Agreement.

7.03 Indemnification Procedure. Promptly after any person entitled to indemnification under this Section 7 (the Indemnified Party) has received notice of or has knowledge of any claim against the Indemnified Party by a person not a party to this Agreement (a Third Person) or the commencement of any action or proceeding by a Third Person, it shall give the other party (Indemnifying Party) written notice of such claim or the commencement of such action or proceeding; provided that no delay on the part of the Indemnified Party in notifying the Indemnifying Party will relieve the Indemnifying Party from any obligation hereunder unless, and then solely to the extent that, the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced thereby. Such notice shall state the nature and the basis of such claim and a reasonable estimate of the Damages.

The Indemnifying Party shall have right to defend, at its own expense and by its own counsel, any such matter so long as the Indemnifying Party pursues the same in good faith and diligently. If the Indemnifying Party undertakes to defend or settle, it shall promptly notify the Indemnified Party of its intention to do so, and the Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party and its counsel in the defense thereof and in any settlement thereof. Such cooperation shall include, but shall not be limited to, furnishing the Indemnifying Party with any personnel, books, records or information reasonably requested by the Indemnifying Party that are in the Indemnified Partys possession or control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in any matter through counsel of its own choosing at its own expense (unless there is a conflict of interest that prevents counsel for the Indemnifying Party from representing the Indemnified Party, in which case the Indemnifying Party will reimburse the Indemnified Party for the expenses of its counsel).

After the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified Party of its intention to undertake to defend or settle any such asserted liability, and for so long as the Indemnifying Party diligently pursues such defense, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any additional legal expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with any defense or settlement of such asserted liability. If the Indemnifying Party does not undertake to defend such matter to which the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification hereunder, or fails to diligently pursue such defense, the Indemnified Party may undertake such defense through counsel of its choice, at the cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnified Party may settle such matter, and the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for the amount paid in such settlement and any other liabilities or expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection therewith.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 22

No party hereto, without the prior written consent of the other, shall settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened Claim unless the settlement, compromise or consent (1) provides for and includes an express, unconditional release of all Indemnified Parties and Indemnifying Parties from all liabilities, claims, demands, actions and obligations in connection therewith and (2) does not provide for any relief other than monetary relief.

7.04 Additional Remedies. The rights of the Indemnified Party under this Section 7 shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies that might otherwise be available to it at law or in equity and the exercise of such rights shall not operate as a waiver of any of such other rights.

8. Termination, Amendment and Waiver.

8.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of the shareholders of Target:

(a) By mutual consent of the Boards of Directors of Parent and Target.

(b) By either Parent or Target, if:

(1) the Merger shall not have been consummated by the date that is 75 days following the mutual execution of this Agreement (the Termination Date);

(2) the requisite consent of the shareholders of Target to approve this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall not be obtained;

(3) any governmental or regulatory body, the consent of which is a condition to the obligations of Parent, Merger Sub and Target to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement, shall have been unsuccessful; or

(4) any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States or any state shall have issued an order, judgment or decree (other than a temporary restraining order) restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such order, judgment or decree shall have become final and non-appealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.01(b) shall not be available to any party whose willful failure to fulfill any material obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before such date.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 23

8.02 Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of either Parent, Merger Sub or Target or their respective officers or directors, except that nothing in this Section 8.02 shall relieve any party from liability for any breach of this Agreement.

8.03 Expenses. Unless otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated.

8.04 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto by action taken by or on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors at any time prior to the Effective Time. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

8.05 Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby.

9. General Provisions.

9.01 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. The representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement shall survive the Merger indefinitely.

9.02 Public Announcements. Parent and Target shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or making any other public statement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and, except (a) as may be required by applicable law, (b) as to any filing with OTC Markets and/or the SEC required to be made by Parent or (c) as may be required by any listing agreement with or rule of any national securities exchange or association, shall not issue any such press release or make any such other public statement before such consultation.

9.03 Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as of the date delivered by e-mail to the Parties at the following e-mail addresses (or at such other e-mail address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice):

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 24

(a) If to Parent or Merger Sub:

Qrons Inc.

Primary Merger Sub, Inc.

E-mail:

(b) If to Target:

First Person Ltd.

E-mail:

9.04 Non-Waiver. The failure in any one or more instances of a party to insist upon performance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, to exercise any right or privilege conferred in this Agreement, or the waiver by said party of any breach of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, shall not be construed as a subsequent waiver of any such terms, covenants, conditions, rights or privileges, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or waiver had occurred. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

9.05 Arbitration. Any dispute arising under this Agreement and/or the Merger Agreement, as well as any of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, shall be resolved by arbitration in New York, New York, under the Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as then in effect. The determination and award of the arbitrator, which award may include punitive damages, shall be final and binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. It is expressly agreed that the arbitrators, as part of their award, can award attorneys fees to the prevailing party.

9.06 Binding Effect; Benefit. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, including, without limitation, third party beneficiary rights.

9.07 Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 25

9.08 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings, both oral and written, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, are not intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies hereunder.

9.09 Assignability. This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party or by operation of law, except with the express written consent of each other party.

9.10. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Wyoming applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in such State.

9.11 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

9.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same instrument, and this Agreement shall become effective when such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties. The Parties agree that signatures of the Parties and their duly authorized officers may be exchanged by electronic transmission, including e-mail transmission, and that such signatures shall be binding to the same extent, and have the same force and effect, as the exchange of original written signatures.

[ SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ]

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 26

[ SIGNATURE PAGE TO PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER ]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and Target, by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

PARENT:

QRONS INC. 

By: 

/s/ Jonah Meer 

Jonah Meer 

Chief Executive Officer 

MERGER SUB:

PRIMARY MERGER SUB, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Jonah Meer 

Jonah Meer 

Incorporator 

TARGET:

FIRST PERSON LTD. 

By: 

/s/ Cory J. Rosenberg 

Cory J. Rosenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

PLAN AND AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 27

EXHIBIT A

Form of Agreement of Merger

AGREEMENT OF MERGER

Agreement of Merger4, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Agreement), among Qrons Inc., a Wyoming corporation (Parent), Primary Merger Sub, Inc., a Colorado corporation wholly owned by Parent (Merger Sub), and First Person Ltd., an Alberta, Canada corporation (Target) (Merger Sub and Target being hereinafter collectively referred to as the Constituent Corporations).

WHEREAS, prior to the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Merger Sub and Target have entered into a Plan and Agreement of Merger dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Plan of Merger), providing for certain representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the transaction contemplated; and

WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Target have approved the acquisition of Target by Parent; and

WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Target have approved the merger of Target into Merger Sub (the Merger) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Plan of Merger; and

WHEREAS, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization with the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(A) and 368(a)(2)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and Target agree as follows:

1. Merger.

1.01 The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.02) and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan of Merger, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Target, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Target shall continue as the surviving corporation, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Colorado Revised Statutes and the Alberta (Canada) Business Corporations Act (the Alberta Law). Target, as the surviving corporation after the Merger, is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Surviving Corporation.

1.02 Effective Time. As promptly as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth herein, and provided that this Agreement has not been terminated or abandoned, the Constituent Companies shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing Articles of Merger/Articles of Amalgamation (the Articles of Amalgamation) with the office of the Secretary of State of Colorado and the Alberta Corporate Registry, respectively, in such form as required by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of the Alberta Law.

____________ 

4References in this Agreement to merger shall include amalgamation as that term is defined in the Alberta (Canada) Business Corporations Act.

AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 28

The Effective Time of the Merger shall mean the Closing Date as defined in the Plan of Merger.

2. The Surviving Corporation.

2.01 Articles of Incorporation. The Articles of Incorporation of Target as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time.

2.02 Bylaws. The Bylaws of Target as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time.

2.03 Board of Directors. From and after the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be Cory J. Rosenberg, Chris L. Claussen, Ariel Fainsod, Gail D. Hamilton Azodo and Rosema J. Nemorin.

3. Conversion of Shares.

3.01 Conversion of Securities. Pursuant to this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Merger Sub and Target:

(a) Each share of common stock of Target (the Target Common Stock) held in the treasury of Target and each such share of Target Common Stock owned by Merger Sub, Parent or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent or of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and extinguished without any conversion thereof and no payment shall be made with respect thereto.

(b) Each share of Target Common Stock which is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than those shares of Target Common Stock cancelled as set forth in subsection (a) hereof, shall be converted into the right to receive shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Parent (the Parent Merger Stock), as follows:

at the Effective Time, the then-outstanding shares of Target Common Stock shall be exchanged, pro rata, for a total of 8,000 shares of Parent Merger Stock (these shares of Parent Merger Stock are referred to as the Merger Shares). The Merger Shares are referred to as the Merger Consideration.5

The Certificate of Designation of Parents Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is attached hereto as Exhibit A and made a part hereof.

____________ 

5Parent, Merger Sub and Target understand and agree that the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is being issued in lieu of shares of common stock of Parent, due to Parents existing lack of sufficient authorized shares of common stock to so issue the requisite number of shares. Parent, Merger Sub and Target further understand and agree that, were there sufficient authorized shares of common stock of Parent available to be issued at the Closing hereunder, immediately following the Effective Time, the ownership of Parents common stock would be as follows:

Parent Shareholders Immediately After the Effective Time......................................................... 18,000,000 shares (14.50%)

Target Shareholders Immediately After Effective Time............................................................... 99,943,448 shares(80.51%)

Other Merger-Related Issuances Immediately After Effective Time................................................. 6,194,482 shares (4.99%)

Total 124,137,930 shares (100%) 

AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 29

3.02 Status of Merger Sub Common Stock. The common stock, par value $.001 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, which shall be the only shares of the Surviving Corporation outstanding after the Effective Time, resulting in the Surviving Corporation being wholly owned by Parent after the Effective Time.

3.03 Surrender of and Exchange of Merger Sub Common Stock. Inasmuch as there are no physical certificates evidencing ownership of the Merger Sub common stock, upon the Closing (defined below), the Merger Sub common stock shall be deemed to have been surrendered for exchange to the Surviving Corporation.

4. Termination and Amendment.

4.01 Termination. This Agreement shall terminate in the event of, and upon termination of, the Plan of Merger.

4.02 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, at any time before or after approval hereof by the owners of Target, but, after any such approval, no amendment shall be made which (a) changes the ratio at which Target Common Stock are to be converted into Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.01, (b) in any way materially adversely affects the rights of holders of Target Common Stock or (c) changes in any of the principal terms of this Agreement, in each case, without the further approval of such shareholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

4.03 Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party.

4.04 Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as of the date delivered by e-mail to the Parties at the following e-mail addresses (or at such other e-mail address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice):

(a) If to Parent or Merger Sub:

Qrons Inc.

Primary Merger Sub, Inc.

E-mail:

(b) If to Target:

First Person Ltd.

E-mail:

4.05 Arbitration. Any dispute arising under this Agreement and/or the Agreement, as well as any of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, shall be resolved by arbitration in New York, New York, under the Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as then in effect. The determination and award of the arbitrator, which award may not include punitive damages, shall be final and binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. It is expressly agreed that the arbitrators, as part of their award, can award attorneys fees to the prevailing party.

AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 30

4.06 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan of Merger constitute the entire agreement between the parties and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. The parties and their respective affiliates make no representations or warranties to each other, except as contained in the Plan of Merger, and any and all prior representations and statements made by any party or its representatives, whether verbally or in writing, are deemed to have been merged into this Agreement and the Plan of Merger, it being intended that no such representations or statements shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Plan of Merger.

4.07 Non-Waiver. The failure in any one or more instances of a party to insist upon performance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, to exercise any right or privilege conferred in this Agreement, or the waiver by said party of any breach of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, shall not be construed as a subsequent waiver of any such terms, covenants, conditions, rights or privileges, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or waiver had occurred. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

4.08 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same instrument, and this Agreement shall become effective when such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties. The Parties agree that signatures of the Parties and their duly authorized officers may be exchanged by electronic transmission, including e-mail transmission, and that such signatures shall be binding to the same extent, and have the same force and effect, as the exchange of original written signatures.

4.09 Severability. f any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

4.10 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Wyoming applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in such State.

4.11 Binding Effect; Benefit. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, including, without limitation, third party beneficiary rights.

4.12 Assignability. This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party or by operation of law, except with the express written consent of each other party.

4.13 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

[ SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ]

AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 31

[ SIGNATURE PAGE TO AGREEMENT OF MERGER ]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and Target have executed this Agreement of Merger on the date first above written.

PARENT:

QRONS INC. 

By: 

Jonah Meer 

Chief Executive Officer 

MERGER SUB:

PRIMARY MERGER SUB, INC. 

By: 

Jonah Meer 

Incorporator 

TARGET:

FIRST PERSON LTD. 

By: 

Cory J. Rosenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

AGREEMENT OF MERGER | PAGE 32

EXHIBIT A

Certificate of Designation of Parents Series B Convertible Preferred Stock

EXHIBIT B

Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Parent

EXHIBIT C

Form of Anti-Dilution Agreement

ANTI-DILUTION AGREEMENT

This Anti-Dilution Agreement (the Agreement) is dated as of January ___, 2024, to be effective January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), and is by and among Qrons Inc., a Wyoming corporation (the Company), First Person Ltd., an Alberta, Canada, corporation (First Person), Jonah Meer (Meer), Decagon LLC, d/b/a CubeSquare LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Ido Merfeld (Merfeld), each of whom is a current shareholder of the Company (collectively, Meer, Decagon and Merfeld are referred to as the Protected Shareholders).

The Company, First Person and the Protected Shareholders are referred to individually as a Party and, collectively, as the Parties.

WHEREAS, Meer owns 7,427,487 shares representing 5.98% (the Meer Ownership Percentage), Decagon owns 351,130 shares representing 0.28% (the Decagon Ownership Percentage) and Merfeld owns 5,385,099 shares representing 4.34% (the Merfeld Ownership Percentage) of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock), respectively, as of the date of this Agreement6; and

WHEREAS, the Company and First Person have entered into a Plan and Agreement of Merger (the Merger Agreement) dated as of January 1, 2025, pursuant to which First Person would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company; and

WHEREAS, as a condition to the Merger Agreement, the Parties are to enter into this Agreement;

WHEREAS, in light of the foregoing Recitals, and in recognition of the Protected Shareholders long-time contributions to the Company and its business, the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of First Person have separately determined it to be appropriate to enter into this Agreement with the Protected Shareholders. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Additional Issuances.

(a) At any time after the Effective Date and continuing for a period that ends twelve (12) months after the date of filing of the Companys filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the Term), if the Company shall issue any additional shares of the Common Stock (the True-up Shares) (1) in payment of consulting services to third parties, (2) in payment of compensation to any officer, director, employee or agent of the Company, (3) in payment of any convertible debt instrument issued by the Company (4) in accordance with the terms of any other convertible instrument issued by the Company not associated with a debt or equity funding transaction (each an True-up Event), in accordance with this subsection (a).

____________

6The Meer Percentage, the Decagon Percentage and the Merfeld Percentage are based on 124,137,930 shares common stock of the Company outstanding, after giving effect to issuances to be effected immediately after the closing of the Merger Agreement, which issuances (the Merger-Related Issuances) would serve to satisfy certain obligations of First Person for the payment of consulting services relating to the Merger Agreement.

Within ten (10) business days of the occurrence of a True-up Event, the Company shall issue a number of True-up Shares to each of Meer, Decagon and Merfeld such that, following such issuances, Meers Common Stock ownership shall have been restored to the Meer Ownership Percentage, Decagons Common Stock ownership shall have been restored to the Decagon Ownership Percentage and Merfelds Common Stock ownership shall have been restored to the Merfeld Ownership Percentage. All True-up Share issuances shall be made by the Companys then-transfer agent in book entry. The Parties specifically acknowledge and agree that the neither Meer, Decagon nor Merfeld shall have paid any additional consideration for any True-up Shares that may be issued to any of them hereunder.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and for purposes of clarity, the term True-up Event shall not include issuances of Common Stock made in connection with (1) the Merger Agreement, including the Merger-Related Shares, (2) a debt or equity financing transaction in the form of an inducement or similar fee payable to the funding party, (3) an offering pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) or (4) an offering under Section 5 of the 1933 Act pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 relating to an equity line of credit agreement.

(c) If the Company, at any time while this Agreement is in force and effect, by reclassification of securities or otherwise (including, but not limited to, a reincorporation, merger with or into a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, an exchange or stock swap or another type of reorganization or recapitalization), shall change or exchange its Common Stock into (or for) different securities of another class or classes or ceases to have common stock, then the rights of the Protected Shareholders hereunder shall thereafter represent the right to acquire such number and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the securities that were subject to the Agreement immediately prior to such reclassification or other change. All such adjustments shall be made so as to equitably adjust the rights of the Protected Shareholders hereunder.

2. Further Agreements.

(a) Piggy-back Registration Rights. As further consideration for the Protected Shareholders entering into the Agreement, whenever the Company proposes to register any of its common stock under the 1933 Act (excluding registrations on Forms S-4 or S-8), and the registration form to be used may be used for the registration of True-up Shares, for the Companys own account or for selling shareholders, except as provided in Section 1(b)(4) (a Piggyback Registration), the Company shall give written notice to the Protected Shareholders prior to the filing of the registration statement of the Companys intention to effect such a registration and, subject to Section 2(b), will include in such registration all shares of Company common stock then-owned by the Protected Shareholders with respect to which the Company has received written request for inclusion therein within 10 days after the sending of the Companys notice.

(b) Priority. If a Piggyback Registration is an underwritten registration, and the managing underwriters advise the Company that, in their opinion, the number of securities requested to be included in such registration exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the marketability, proposed offering price, timing, distribution method or probability of success of such offering, then the Company will include in such registration (1) first, the securities that the Company proposes to sell, and (2) second, True-up Shares requested to be included by the Protected Shareholders which, in the opinion of such underwriters, can be sold without adverse effect, pro rata among the holders of such securities on the basis of the number of such securities owned by each such holder. To facilitate the allocation of shares in accordance with the above provisions, the underwriters may round the number of shares allocated to any holder to the nearest 100 shares.

(c) Selection of Underwriters. If any Piggyback Registration is an underwritten offering, the selection of the investment banker(s) and manager(s) for the offering will be made by the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion.

(d) Withdrawal by Company. If, at any time after giving notice of its intention to register any of its securities as set forth in Section 2(a) and before the effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with such registration, the Company determines, for any reason, not to register such securities, the Company will give written notice of its determination to the Protected Shareholders and will promptly return any materials provided by the Protected Shareholders to the Company in connection with such registration.

(e) Expenses. All expenses incurred in connection with a registration pursuant to this Section 2 (excluding underwriters and brokers discounts and commissions), including, without limitation all federal and blue sky registration and qualification fees, printers and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one (1) counsel for the selling Protected Shareholders will be borne by the Company.

3. Further Assurances. Each of the Parties agrees that, at any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, it shall, upon written request from another other Party, and without further consideration, perform such other and further acts, and execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered, such further instruments, documents and assurances as such other party reasonably may request for the purpose of carrying out this Agreement.

4. Binding Agreement; Assignment. This Agreement is binding upon, will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties hereto, without the prior written consent of all of the Parties.

5. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and thereof and supersedes any and all prior negotiations, agreements, arrangements and understandings between the parties, written or oral, relating to the matters provided for herein or therein. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer on any person other than the Parties and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns, any rights, benefits, remedies or claims under or by reason of this Agreement.

6. Amendment; Modification. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the Parties.

7. Extensions; Waivers; Remedies Cumulative.

(a) The conditions to each of the Parties obligations to consummate this Agreement are for the sole benefit of such Party and may be waived by such Party in whole or in part to the extent permitted by applicable law.

With regard to this Agreement, any Party may (1) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of any other Party with such first party or (2) waive compliance with any of the agreements of any Party with such first Party or with any conditions to its own obligations. Any agreement on the part of a Party hereto to any such extension or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid and effective only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Party against whom enforcement of any waiver or consent is sought by such first Party or a duly authorized officer thereof, if applicable.

(b) No failure or delay on the part of any party in exercising any right, privilege, power or remedy under this Agreement, and no course of dealing among the Parties, shall operate as a waiver of such right, privilege, power, or remedy, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, privilege, power, or remedy under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of such right, privilege, power, or remedy, or the exercise of any other right, privilege, power, or remedy. No notice to or demand on any Party in any case shall entitle such Party to any other or further notice or demand in any similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand to take any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand.

8. Section Headings; Interpretation. The section headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and do not form a part thereof and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The Parties hereto agree that this Agreement is the product of negotiations among sophisticated parties, all of whom were represented by counsel, and each of whom had an opportunity to participate in, and did participate in the drafting of each provision hereto. Accordingly, ambiguities in this Agreement, if any, shall not be construed strictly against any Party hereto, but, rather, shall be given a fair and reasonable construction without regard to the rule of contra proferentem.

9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Wyoming applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within the State of Wyoming without giving effect to the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of laws thereof.

10. Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as of the date delivered by e-mail to the Parties at the following e-mail addresses (or at such other e-mail address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice:

(a) If to the Company, Meer, Decagon or Merfeld:

E-mail:

(b) If to First Person:

E-mail:

11. Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties agrees to submit itself to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the State of New York. In addition, each of the Parties agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, and that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than such court.

12. Severability. The Parties agree that (a) the provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, (b) they shall negotiate in good faith to replace any provisions that are finally determined to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable with other provisions that are as similar as possible in terms to such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions but are valid and enforceable, and (c) the balance of this Agreement shall not be affected and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be valid and shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same instrument, and this Agreement shall become effective when such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties. The Parties agree that signatures of the Parties and their duly authorized officers may be exchanged by electronic transmission, including e-mail transmission, and that such signatures shall be binding to the same extent, and have the same force and effect, as the exchange of original written signatures.

[ SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ]

[ SIGNATURE PAGE TO ANTI-DILUTION AGREEMENT ]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by each of the Parties as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

QRONS INC. 

By: 

Jonah Meer 

Chief Executive Officer 

PROTECTED SHAREHOLDERS: 

Jonah Meer 

Ido Merfeld 

DECAGON LLC,

d/b/a CubeSquare LLC 

By: 

Jonah Meer 

Managing Member 

FIRST PERSON: 

By: 

Cory J. Rosenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT D

Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of Parent

EXHIBIT 6.02(a)

CERTIFICATE OF THE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF TARGET

[PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.02(A)]

First Person Ltd.

an Alberta (Canada) corporation

The undersigned, Cory J. Rosenberg, the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of First Person Ltd., an Alberta (Canada) corporation (First Person), hereby certify and affirm that each of the following is true and correct:

1. The representations and warranties of First Person in that certain Plan of Agreement of Merger (the Plan of Merger) to which this Certificate relates are true and correct in all material respects on the date of this Certificate and, except for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date, with the same force and effect as if made as of this date.

2. First Person is a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Province of Alberta (Canada), and has the corporate power and authority to own its properties and carry on its business in the manner in which such business is conducted.

3. The execution, delivery and performance by First Person of the Plan of Merger, in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Plan of Merger, have been duly authorized by appropriate corporate action of First Person.

4. First Person has full power, right and authority to enter into the Plan of Merger and to perform its obligations under the Plan of Merger and the Plan of Merger is the legal, valid and binding obligation of First Person and is enforceable against First Person in accordance with its terms.

5. The shares of capital stock of First Person that are subject to the Plan of Merger are fully paid and non-assessable and, when transferred and sold on the Closing Date of the Plan of Merger, will be free and clear of any liens, claims and encumbrances.

Certified and affirmed this ___ day of January, 2025.

Cory J. Rosenberg, Chief Executive Officer 

First Person Ltd. 

(an Alberta (Canada) corporation) 

EXHIBIT 6.02(b)

CERTIFICATE OF THE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF TARGET

[PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.02(B)]

First Person Ltd.

an Alberta (Canada) corporation

The undersigned, Cory J. Rosenberg, the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of First Person Ltd., an Alberta (Canada) corporation (First Person), hereby certify and affirm that each of the following is true and correct:

1. First Person has performed or complied with, in all material respects, with all agreements and covenants required of it by that certain Plan and Agreement of Merger (the Plan of Merger) to which this Certificate relates.

2. The shareholders of First Person have approved the merger contemplated by the Plan of Merger to which this Certificate relates, in accordance with the laws of the Province of Alberta (Canada).

Certified and affirmed this ___ day of January, 2025.

Cory J. Rosenberg, Chief Executive Officer 

First Person Ltd. 

(an Alberta (Canada) corporation) 

EXHIBIT 6.03(a)

CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF PARENT

AND INCORPORATOR OF MERGER SUB

[PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.03(A)]

QRONS INC.

a Wyoming corporation

Primary Merger Sub, Inc.

a Colorado corporation

The undersigned, Jonah Meer, the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of Qrons Inc., a Wyoming corporation (Parent), and the Incorporator of Primary Merger Sub, Inc., a Colorado corporation (Merger Sub), respectively, hereby certifies and affirms that each of the following is true and correct:

1. The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in that certain Plan and Agreement of Merger (the Plan of Merger) to which this Certificate relates are true and correct in all material respects on the date of this Certificate and, except for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date, with the same force and effect as if made as of this date.

2. Parent is a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Wyoming, and has the power and authority to own its properties and carry on its business in the manner in which such business is conducted. Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Colorado, and has the power and authority to own its properties and carry on its business in the manner in which such business is conducted.

3. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of the Plan of Merger, in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Plan of Merger, have been duly authorized by appropriate corporate action of Parent and Merger Sub.

4. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has full power, right and authority to enter into the Plan of Merger and to perform their respective obligations under the Plan of Merger, and the Plan of Merger is the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub and is enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms.

5. The shares of Parent Voting Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan of Merger will be, upon issuance and delivery pursuant to the terms of the Plan of Merger, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Certified and affirmed this ____ day of January, 2025.

Jonah Meer, Chief Executive Officer of Qrons, Inc., 

a Wyoming corporation, Incorporator of Primary 

Merger Sub, Inc., a Colorado corporation 

EXHIBIT 6.03(b)

CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF PARENT

AND INCORPORATOR OF MERGER SUB

[PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.03(B)]

QRONS INC.

a Wyoming corporation

Primary Merger Sub, Inc.

a Colorado corporation

The undersigned, Jonah Meer, the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of Qrons Inc., a Wyoming corporation (Parent), and the Incorporator of Primary Merger Sub, Inc., a Colorado corporation (Merger Sub), respectively, hereby certifies and affirms that each of the following is true and correct:

1. Parent and Merger Sub have performed or complied with, in all material respects, with all agreements and covenants required of them by that certain Plan and Agreement of Merger (the Plan of Merger) to which this Certificate relates.

Certified and affirmed this ___ day of January, 2025.

Jonah Meer, Chief Executive Officer of Qrons, Inc., 

a Wyoming corporation, Incorporator of Primary 

Merger Sub, Inc., a Colorado corporation
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>qron_ex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
<TEXT>
qron_ex31.htm

EXHIBIT 3.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>qron_ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ANTI-DILUTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
qron_ex101.htm

EXHIBIT 10.1

ANTI-DILUTION AGREEMENT

This Anti-Dilution Agreement (the Agreement) is dated as of January 31, 2024, to be effective January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), and is by and among Qrons Inc., a Wyoming corporation (the Company), First Person Ltd., an Alberta, Canada, corporation (First Person), Jonah Meer (Meer), Decagon LLC, d/b/a CubeSquare LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Ido Merfeld (Merfeld), each of whom is a current shareholder of the Company (collectively, Meer, Decagon and Merfeld are referred to as the Protected Shareholders).

The Company, First Person and the Protected Shareholders are referred to individually as a Party and, collectively, as the Parties.

WHEREAS, Meer owns 7,427,487 shares representing 5.98% (the Meer Ownership Percentage), Decagon owns 351,130 shares representing 0.28% (the Decagon Ownership Percentage) and Merfeld owns 5,385,099 shares representing 4.34% (the Merfeld Ownership Percentage) of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock), respectively, as of the date of this Agreement1; and

WHEREAS, the Company and First Person have entered into a Plan and Agreement of Merger (the Merger Agreement) dated as of January 1, 2025, pursuant to which First Person would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company; and

WHEREAS, as a condition to the Merger Agreement, the Parties are to enter into this Agreement;

WHEREAS, in light of the foregoing Recitals, and in recognition of the Protected Shareholders long-time contributions to the Company and its business, the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of First Person have separately determined it to be appropriate to enter into this Agreement with the Protected Shareholders. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Additional Issuances.

(a) At any time after the Effective Date and continuing for a period that ends twelve (12) months after the date of filing of the Companys filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the Term), if the Company shall issue any additional shares of the Common Stock (the True-up Shares) (1) in payment of consulting services to third parties, (2) in payment of compensation to any officer, director, employee or agent of the Company, (3) in payment of any convertible debt instrument issued by the Company (4) in accordance with the terms of any other convertible instrument issued by the Company not associated with a debt or equity funding transaction (each an True-up Event), in accordance with this subsection (a).

___________________

1The Meer Percentage, the Decagon Percentage and the Merfeld Percentage are based on 124,137,930 shares common stock of the Company outstanding, after giving effect to issuances to be effected immediately after the closing of the Merger Agreement, which issuances (the Merger-Related Issuances) would serve to satisfy certain obligations of First Person for the payment of consulting services relating to the Merger Agreement.

1

Within ten (10) business days of the occurrence of a True-up Event, the Company shall issue a number of True-up Shares to each of Meer, Decagon and Merfeld such that, following such issuances, Meers Common Stock ownership shall have been restored to the Meer Ownership Percentage, Decagons Common Stock ownership shall have been restored to the Decagon Ownership Percentage and Merfelds Common Stock ownership shall have been restored to the Merfeld Ownership Percentage. All True-up Share issuances shall be made by the Companys then-transfer agent in book entry. The Parties specifically acknowledge and agree that neither Meer, Decagon nor Merfeld shall have paid any additional consideration for any True-up Shares that may be issued to any of them hereunder.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and for purposes of clarity, the term True-up Event shall not include issuances of Common Stock made in connection with (1) the Merger Agreement, including the Merger-Related Shares, (2) a debt or equity financing transaction in the form of an inducement or similar fee payable to the funding party, (3) an offering pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) or (4) an offering under Section 5 of the 1933 Act pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 relating to an equity line of credit agreement.

(c) If the Company, at any time while this Agreement is in force and effect, by reclassification of securities or otherwise (including, but not limited to, a reincorporation, merger with or into a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, an exchange or stock swap or another type of reorganization or recapitalization), shall change or exchange its Common Stock into (or for) different securities of another class or classes or ceases to have common stock, then the rights of the Protected Shareholders hereunder shall thereafter represent the right to acquire such number and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the securities that were subject to the Agreement immediately prior to such reclassification or other change. All such adjustments shall be made so as to equitably adjust the rights of the Protected Shareholders hereunder.

2. Further Agreements.

(a) Piggy-back Registration Rights. As further consideration for the Protected Shareholders entering into the Agreement, whenever the Company proposes to register any of its common stock under the 1933 Act (excluding registrations on Forms S-4 or S-8), and the registration form to be used may be used for the registration of True-up Shares, for the Companys own account or for selling shareholders, except as provided in Section 1(b)(4) (a Piggyback Registration), the Company shall give written notice to the Protected Shareholders prior to the filing of the registration statement of the Companys intention to effect such a registration and, subject to Section 2(b), will include in such registration all shares of Company common stock then-owned by the Protected Shareholders with respect to which the Company has received written request for inclusion therein within 10 days after the sending of the Companys notice.

(b) Priority. If a Piggyback Registration is an underwritten registration, and the managing underwriters advise the Company that, in their opinion, the number of securities requested to be included in such registration exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the marketability, proposed offering price, timing, distribution method or probability of success of such offering, then the Company will include in such registration (1) first, the securities that the Company proposes to sell, and (2) second, True-up Shares requested to be included by the Protected Shareholders which, in the opinion of such underwriters, can be sold without adverse effect, pro rata among the holders of such securities on the basis of the number of such securities owned by each such holder. To facilitate the allocation of shares in accordance with the above provisions, the underwriters may round the number of shares allocated to any holder to the nearest 100 shares.

(c) Selection of Underwriters. If any Piggyback Registration is an underwritten offering, the selection of the investment banker(s) and manager(s) for the offering will be made by the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion.

2

(d) Withdrawal by Company. If, at any time after giving notice of its intention to register any of its securities as set forth in Section 2(a) and before the effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with such registration, the Company determines, for any reason, not to register such securities, the Company will give written notice of its determination to the Protected Shareholders and will promptly return any materials provided by the Protected Shareholders to the Company in connection with such registration.

(e) Expenses. All expenses incurred in connection with a registration pursuant to this Section 2 (excluding underwriters and brokers discounts and commissions), including, without limitation all federal and blue sky registration and qualification fees, printers and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one (1) counsel for the selling Protected Shareholders will be borne by the Company.

3. Further Assurances. Each of the Parties agrees that, at any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, it shall, upon written request from another other Party, and without further consideration, perform such other and further acts, and execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered, such further instruments, documents and assurances as such other party reasonably may request for the purpose of carrying out this Agreement.

4. Binding Agreement; Assignment. This Agreement is binding upon, will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties hereto, without the prior written consent of all of the Parties.

5. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and thereof and supersedes any and all prior negotiations, agreements, arrangements and understandings between the parties, written or oral, relating to the matters provided for herein or therein. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer on any person other than the Parties and their respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns, any rights, benefits, remedies or claims under or by reason of this Agreement.

6. Amendment; Modification. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the Parties.

7. Extensions; Waivers; Remedies Cumulative.

(a) The conditions to each of the Parties obligations to consummate this Agreement are for the sole benefit of such Party and may be waived by such Party in whole or in part to the extent permitted by applicable law.

With regard to this Agreement, any Party may (1) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of any other Party with such first party or (2) waive compliance with any of the agreements of any Party with such first Party or with any conditions to its own obligations. Any agreement on the part of a Party hereto to any such extension or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid and effective only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Party against whom enforcement of any waiver or consent is sought by such first Party or a duly authorized officer thereof, if applicable.

3

(b) No failure or delay on the part of any party in exercising any right, privilege, power or remedy under this Agreement, and no course of dealing among the Parties, shall operate as a waiver of such right, privilege, power, or remedy, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, privilege, power, or remedy under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of such right, privilege, power, or remedy, or the exercise of any other right, privilege, power, or remedy. No notice to or demand on any Party in any case shall entitle such Party to any other or further notice or demand in any similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand to take any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand.

8. Section Headings; Interpretation. The section headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and do not form a part thereof and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The Parties hereto agree that this Agreement is the product of negotiations among sophisticated parties, all of whom were represented by counsel, and each of whom had an opportunity to participate in, and did participate in the drafting of each provision hereto. Accordingly, ambiguities in this Agreement, if any, shall not be construed strictly against any Party hereto, but, rather, shall be given a fair and reasonable construction without regard to the rule of contra proferentem.

9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Wyoming applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within the State of Wyoming without giving effect to the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of laws thereof.

10. Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as of the date delivered by e-mail to the Parties at the following e-mail addresses (or at such other e-mail address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice:

(a) If to the Company, Meer, Decagon or Merfeld:

E-mail:

(b) If to First Person:

E-mail:

11. Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties agrees to submit itself to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the State of New York. In addition, each of the Parties agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, and that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than such court.

12. Severability. The Parties agree that (a) the provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, (b) they shall negotiate in good faith to replace any provisions that are finally determined to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable with other provisions that are as similar as possible in terms to such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions but are valid and enforceable, and (c) the balance of this Agreement shall not be affected and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be valid and shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same instrument, and this Agreement shall become effective when such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties. The Parties agree that signatures of the Parties and their duly authorized officers may be exchanged by electronic transmission, including e-mail transmission, and that such signatures shall be binding to the same extent, and have the same force and effect, as the exchange of original written signatures.

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by each of the Parties as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

QRONS INC. 

By: /s/ Jonah Meer 

Jonah Meer

Chief Executive Officer 

PROTECTED SHAREHOLDERS: 

/s/ Jonah Meer 

Jonah Meer 

/s/ Ido Merfeld 

Ido Merfeld 

DECAGON LLC,

d/b/a CubeSquare LLC 

By: 

/s/ Jonah Meer 

Jonah Meer

Managing Member 

FIRST PERSON:

FIRST PERSON LTD. 

By: 

/s/ Corey J. Rosenberg 

Cory J. Rosenberg

Chief Executive Officer 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>qron-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>qron-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>qron-20250131_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>qron-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>qron-20250131_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img14.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img8.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img9.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img13.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img21.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img15.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img16.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img17.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img18.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img19.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img6.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img5.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img4.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img24.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img23.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img22.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img10.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img11.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img12.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>qron_ex31img3.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>qron_ex21img20.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name QRONS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001689084

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code WY

Entity File Number 000-55800

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3623646

Entity Address Address Line 1 611 N. Brand Boulevard

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 1300

Entity Address City Or Town Glendale

Entity Address State Or Province CA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 91203

City Area Code 587

Local Phone Number 577-9261

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://qron.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

qron-20250131.xsd 
qron-20250131_cal.xml 
qron-20250131_def.xml 
qron-20250131_lab.xml 
qron-20250131_pre.xml 
qron_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>0001477932-25-000698-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>qron_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001689084 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001689084 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
QRONS INC. 
WY 
000-55800 
81-3623646 
611 N. Brand Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Glendale 
CA 
91203 
587 
577-9261 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>