<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-007863.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-007863.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116192448
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-007863
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALLURION TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001964979
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41767
		FILM NUMBER:		25536740

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 HURON DR STE 200
		CITY:			NATICK
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01760
		BUSINESS PHONE:		508-647-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 HURON DR STE 200
		CITY:			NATICK
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01760

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLURION TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230207
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d877375d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000196497900019649792025-01-142025-01-140001964979alur:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member2025-01-142025-01-140001964979alur:WarrantsToPurchase0.056818SharesOfCommonStockFor202.50PerShare1Member2025-01-142025-01-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 14, 2025

ALLURION TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41767 92-2182207

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

11 Huron Drive

Natick, MA, 01760

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

(508)647-4000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ALUR The New York Stock Exchange

Warrants to purchase 0.056818 shares of Common Stock for $202.50 per share ALUR WS The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 14, 2025, Allurion Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement) with funds affiliated with RTW Investments, LP (collectively, RTW), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to RTW 841,751 shares (the Shares) of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.5 million at a purchase price per share of $2.97 (the Private Placement). The Private Placement closed on January 16, 2025 (the Closing Date). 

Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) within 45 days after the Closing Date to register the resale of the Shares. The Company must use commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the date which shall be either (a) in the event that the SEC does not review such registration statement, 90 days after the Closing Date, or (b) in the event that the SEC reviews such registration statement, 120 days after the Closing Date (but in any event, no later than three business days following the SEC indicating that it has no further comments on the registration statement). 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation, or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale is unlawful. The offer, issuance and sale of the Shares issued or issuable pursuant to the Subscription Agreement have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws, and unless so registered, such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. 

The foregoing description of the Subscription Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Subscription Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On January 14, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Private Placement and certain estimated preliminary unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in this Item 2.02, Item 9.01 and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

Pursuant to the Private Placement described in Item 1.01 above, which description is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02, the Shares were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D under the Securities Act, and corresponding provisions of state securities or blue sky laws. The sale of the Shares did not involve a public offering and was made without general solicitation or general advertising. RTW represented that it is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and is acquiring the Shares for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof. Accordingly, the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration, or an exemption from registration, under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. 

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor any exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Shares or any other securities of the Company. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Subscription Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2025, between Allurion Technologies, Inc. and the investors named therein. 

99.1 Press Release issued January 14, 2025 furnished herewith. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ALLURION TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Date: January 16, 2025 By: 

/s/ Brendan Gibbons

Name: Brendan Gibbons

Title: Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d877375dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 14, 2025, is made by and among Allurion
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and the Investors set forth on Schedule I (the Investors). 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell and the Investors desire to purchase from the Company shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (the Common Stock) in a private placement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. As used in this Agreement (including the recitals hereto), the following terms shall have the following
meanings: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with such Person, or with respect to the Investors, any other investment fund or registered investment company now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or more general partners, managing members or
investment advisers of, or that shares the same management company or investment adviser with, the Investors. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of securities entitled to elect the board of directors or management board, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlled and
controlling have meanings correlative to the foregoing. Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, no Investor shall be deemed an Affiliate of the Company. 

Business Day means any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which the SEC or banks in the City of New York are
authorized or required by Law to be closed. 

Company Organizational Documents means the Companys Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, each as amended and/or restated from time to time. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Governmental Authority means any government, court, regulatory or
administrative agency, arbitrator (public or private), commission or authority, stock exchange or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental entity (in each case including any self-regulatory organization), whether federal, state or
local, domestic, foreign or multinational. 

Judgment means any order, judgment, injunction, ruling, writ or decree of
any Governmental Authority. 

Laws means all local, state or federal laws, common law, statutes, ordinances, codes,
rules or regulations. 

Material Adverse Effect has the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

Note Purchase Agreement means the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 14, 2024 by and among the Company, the
Purchasers identified therein and the Collateral Agent, as defined therein, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2024 and by the Omnibus Amendment, dated as of January 7, 2025
(the Omnibus Amendment). 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange or any other principal trading
exchange or market for the Common Stock from time to time. 

Private Placement Amount means 841,751 shares of Common
Stock. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association,
company, partnership, governmental authority or other entity, including a Governmental Authority. 

Registration
Statement means the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283701), including any amendment or supplement thereto and any
information deemed to be included or incorporated by reference therein. 

Registrable Securities means the Shares. 

Requisite Investors means Investors agreeing to invest the majority of the Private Placement Amount subject to the terms
and conditions hereof. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Securities Purchase Agreement means the form of securities purchase agreement filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Registration
Statement. 

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

2 

ARTICLE 2 

PURCHASEAND SALE

Section 2.01. Purchase and Sale. On the terms of this Agreement and subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, waiver by the party entitled to the benefit thereof) of the conditions set forth in Article 6, each Investor shall purchase and acquire from the Company, and the Company shall issue, sell and deliver to each such Investor, the
Private Placement Amount set forth opposite each such Investors name on Schedule 1 at a purchase price of $2.97 per share, which is equal to the Minimum Price as defined by the rules of the NYSE, for an aggregate purchase price set
forth on Schedule 1 (the Purchase Price). The purchase and sale of the Private Placement Amount pursuant to this Section 2.01 is referred to as the Placement. 

Section 2.02. Closing. (a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement including the conditions to closing set forth herein, the
closing of the Placement (the Closing) shall occur electronically on or about 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first business day after the date of this Agreement or at such other place, time or date as shall be agreed
between the Company and the Requisite Investors (such date, the Closing Date). 

(b) At the Closing: 

(i) the Investors shall pay the applicable aggregate Purchase Price to the Company by wire transfer in immediately available
U.S. federal funds to an account designated by the Company in writing; and 

(ii) the Company shall deliver to each Investor
its portion of the Private Placement Amount in book entry form, free and clear of all liens, except restrictions imposed by applicable securities Laws. 

ARTICLE 3 

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIESOFTHE COMPANY

The Company represents and warrants to the Investors, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent made only as of a
specified date, in which case such representation and warranty is made as of such date): 

Section 3.01. Representations in
Securities Purchase Agreement. The representations and warranties set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis and the Company hereby makes such representations and warranties to the
Investors as if they were set forth herein solely as applicable to the Placement contemplated hereby. 

Section 3.02. Valid
Issuance. The Shares, when issued and delivered against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3 

Section 3.03. Authority; Noncontravention. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Company. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Investors, constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that such enforceability (a) may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and
other similar Laws of general application affecting or relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (b) is subject to general principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity (the
Bankruptcy and Equity Exception). 

Section 3.04. No Conflict. Neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, nor the performance or compliance by the Company with any of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof, will (a) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company Organizational Documents, or (b) (i) violate any Law or
Judgment applicable to the Company or (ii) violate or constitute a default (or constitute an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would violate or constitute a default) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any loan
or credit agreement, indenture, debenture, note, bond, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, sublease, license, contract or other agreement (each, a Contract) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as applicable, is a party or
accelerate the Companys or, if applicable, any of its subsidiaries obligations under any such Contract, except in the case of clause (b), as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.05. Governmental Approvals. Except for (a) filings required under, and compliance with other applicable
requirements of, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (b) compliance with the rules and regulations of the NYSE and (c) compliance with any applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws, no consent or approval of, or filing,
license, permit or authorization, declaration or registration with, any Governmental Authority is necessary for the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, other than
such other consents, approvals, filings, licenses, permits or authorizations, declarations or registrations that, if not obtained, made or given, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.06. Sale of Securities. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors set forth in
Article 4, the sale and issuance of the Private Placement Amount pursuant to this Agreement is exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 

ARTICLE 4 

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIESOFTHE INVESTORS

Each Investor, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (except to
the extent made only as of a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty is made as of such date): 

4 

Section 4.01. Investigation; Economic Risk. Each Investor acknowledges that it
has had an opportunity to discuss the business, affairs and current prospects of the Company with its officers. Each Investor further acknowledges having had access to information about the Company that it has requested. Each Investor acknowledges
that it is able to fend for itself in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment pursuant to this Agreement. Each Investor further acknowledges that it has obtained its own
attorneys, business advisors and tax advisors as to legal, business and tax advice (or has decided not to obtain such advice) and has not relied on the Company or any of its subsidiaries for such advice. 

Section 4.02. Purchase for Own Account. The Shares issued to each Investor will be acquired by such Investor for its own account,
not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to or in connection with the sale or distribution of any part thereof. 

Section 4.03.
Exempt from Registration; Restricted Securities. Each Investor understands that the sale of the Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act on the grounds that the sale provided for in this Agreement is exempt from registration
under of the Securities Act, and that the reliance on such exemption is predicated in part on each Investors representations set forth in this Agreement. Each Investor understands that the Shares are restricted securities within the meaning of
Rule 144 under the Securities Act and must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered or an exemption from such registration is available. Such Investor acknowledges that certificates or book-entry credits evidencing the Shares
shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and including related stock transfer instructions and record notations): 

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE
UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS. 

Section 4.04. Accredited Investor. Each Investor is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of
Regulation D promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

Section 4.05. No Disqualification Events. No (a) Investor, (b) any
Investors directors, executive officers, other officers that may serve as a director or officer of any company in which an Investor invests, general partners or managing members, nor (c) to Investors knowledge, any beneficial owner
of the Companys voting equity securities (in accordance with Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act) is subject to any of the bad actor 

5 

disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) through (viii) under the Securities Act
(Disqualification Events), except for Disqualification Events covered by Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act and disclosed reasonably in advance of a Closing in writing in reasonable detail to the
Company. 

Section 4.06. Source of Funds. Each Investor severally represents that at least one of the following statements is
an accurate representation as to each source of funds (a Source) to be used by such Investor to pay the Purchase Price of the Private Placement Amount to be purchased by such Investor hereunder: 

(a) the Source is an insurance company general account (as the term is defined in the United States Department of Labors
Prohibited Transaction Exemption (PTE) 95-60) in respect of which the reserves and liabilities (as defined by the annual statement for life insurance companies approved by the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) (the NAIC Annual Statement)) for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any employee benefit plan together with the amount of the reserves and liabilities for the
general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any other employee benefit plans maintained by the same employer (or affiliate thereof as defined in PTE 95-60) or by the same employee organization in the
general account do not exceed 10% of the total reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus as set forth in the NAIC Annual Statement filed with such Investors state of domicile; or

(b) the Source is a separate account that is maintained solely in connection with such Investors fixed contractual obligations under
which the amounts payable, or credited, to any employee benefit plan (or its related trust) that has any interest in such separate account (or to any participant or beneficiary of such plan (including any annuitant)) are not affected in any manner
by the investment performance of the separate account; or 

(c) the Source is either (i) an insurance company pooled separate account,
within the meaning of PTE 90-1 or (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within the meaning of the PTE 91-38 and, except as disclosed by such Investor to the
Company in writing pursuant to this clause (c), no employee benefit plan or group of plans maintained by the same employer or employee organization beneficially owns more than 10% of all assets allocated to such pooled separate account or collective
investment fund; or 

(d) the Source constitutes assets of an investment fund (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14, as amended (the QPAM Exemption)) managed by a qualified professional asset manager or QPAM (within the meaning of Part VI of the QPAM Exemption), no employee
benefit plans assets that are managed by the QPAM in such investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1)
of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization and managed by such QPAM, represent more than 20% of the total client assets managed by such QPAM, the conditions of Part I(c), (f) and (g) of the QPAM Exemption are
satisfied, neither the QPAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the 

6 

QPAM maintains an ownership interest in the Company that would cause the QPAM and the Company to be
related within the meaning of Part VI(h) of the QPAM Exemption and (i) the identity of such QPAM and (ii) the names of any employee benefit plans whose assets in the investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other
employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization, represent 10% or more of the assets of such
investment fund, have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (d); or 

(e) the Source constitutes assets of a
plan(s) (within the meaning of Part IV(h) of PTE 96-23 (the INHAM Exemption)) managed by an in-house asset manager or
INHAM (within the meaning of Part IV(a) of the INHAM Exemption), the conditions of Part I(a), (d), (g) and (h) of the INHAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the INHAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the INHAM (applying the
definition of control in Part IV(d)(3) of the INHAM Exemption) owns a 10% or more interest in the Company and (i) the identity of such INHAM and (ii) the name(s) of the employee benefit plan(s) whose assets constitute the
Source have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (e); or 

(f) the Source is or constitutes assets of a
governmental plan; or 

(g) the Source is one or more employee benefit plans subject to Title I of ERISA, or a separate account or trust
fund comprised of one or more employee benefit plans, each of which has been identified to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (g); or 

(h) the Source does not include assets of any employee benefit plan, other than a plan exempt from the coverage of Title I of ERISA. 

As used in this Section 4.06, the terms employee benefit plan, governmental plan, and separate
account shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA. 

If the Investor is (1) an
employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (2) an individual retirement account described in Section 408(a) of the Code or any other plan described in
and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (3) any governmental plan or a non-electing church plan as defined under Title I of ERISA subject to laws, rules, or regulations that
are similar to the fiduciary or prohibited transaction rules of Title I of ERISA (Similar Law), or (4) an entity deemed to hold assets of any of the foregoing under 29 C.F.R.
2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or Similar Law, each of the Investor and its authorized fiduciary (the Fiduciary) represents, acknowledges and agrees that
(A) the Company and its Affiliates are not fiduciaries within the meaning of Section 3(21)(A) of ERISA or Similar Law with respect to the Investor as a result of the Investors acquisition or holding of the Shares, and the
Fiduciary has not relied on, and is not relying on, any advice of any such person with respect to the Investors acquisition and holding of the Shares, and (B) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the acquisition and holding of
the Shares hereunder do not violate any law, regulation, constituent documents or policy applicable to such Investor. 

7 

ARTICLE 5 

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 5.01. Further Action; Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Filings. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things reasonably necessary, proper or
advisable under applicable Law to consummate this Agreement in accordance with its terms and conditions, including (i) the obtaining of all necessary actions, waivers, registrations, permits, authorizations, orders, consents and approvals from
Governmental Authorities, the expiry or early termination of any applicable waiting periods, and the making of all necessary registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental Authorities, if any) and the taking of all steps as may be
reasonably necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an Action by, any Governmental Authorities, (ii) the delivery of required notices to, and the obtaining of required consents or waivers from, any third parties necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate this Agreement, and (iii) the execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate this Agreement and to fully carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 

Section 5.02. Public Disclosure. The Investors and the Company shall, and shall cause their Affiliates to, consult with each other
before issuing, and give each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to this Agreement, and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement without the
consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, except as such release or announcement that the Investor or the Company determines, after consultation with outside legal counsel, is required by
applicable Law, Judgment, court or regulatory process or the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange or national securities quotation system. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 5.02 shall not apply to any press
release or other public statement made by the Company that does not contain any information relating to this Agreement that has not been previously announced or made public in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and that is made in the
ordinary course of business. 

Section 5.03. Tax Matters. The Company shall pay any and all documentary, stamp and similar
issuance or transfer tax due on the issuance of the Private Placement Amount. 

Section 5.04. Additional Issuances. Upon the
mutual agreement of the Investors and the Company, the Company will sell, and the Investors will purchase up to an aggregate of an additional $10 million of shares of Common Stock in private placements during the twelve months following the
date of this Agreement (the Option Amount). In the event that the Company wishes to request that the Investors purchase all or a 

8 

portion of the Option Amount, it will deliver written notice to the Investors stating the amount requested.
Any issuance and purchase of all or any portion of the Option Amount shall be subject to the terms and conditions of a definitive written agreement mutually agreed between the Company and the Investors and executed by each of them. Any such issuance
shall, unless otherwise expressly agreed between the Company and the Investors in any such definitive agreement, be at a price equal to the Minimum Price as determined in accordance with the rules of the NYSE. 

Section 5.05. Registration Rights. The Registrable Securities shall have the registration rights set forth with respect to the
Conversion Shares in Section 14 of the Note Purchase Agreement, and the provisions of Section 14 of the Note Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis. 

ARTICLE 6 

CONDITIONSTO CLOSING

Section 6.01. Condition to the Obligations of the Company and the Investors. The respective obligations of each of the Company and
the Investors to effect the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the conditions that no Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted,
issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and precludes, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and no statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any governmental authority that
prohibits or makes illegal this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (collectively, Restraints). 

Section 6.02. Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the Closing shall be further
subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions: 

(a) the representations and warranties of each Investor set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date); and 

(b) each Investor shall have complied with or performed in all material respects its obligations and covenants required to be complied with or
performed by it pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to such Closing. 

9 

Section 6.03. Conditions to the Obligations of the Investors. The obligations of
the Investors to effect the Closing shall be further subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions (and on the Closing Date the Company shall deliver to the
Investors an officers certificate confirming the satisfaction of each of the conditions below): 

(a) the representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent expressly made as of an
earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), except where the failure to be true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(b) the Company shall have complied with or performed in all material respects its obligations and covenants required to be complied with or
performed by it pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing; 

(c) the Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits,
approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for consummation of the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Amount; and 

(d) no stop
order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by the NYSE, the SEC or any other Governmental Authority with respect to the public trading in the Common Stock. 

ARTICLE 7 

TERMINATION; SURVIVAL

Section 7.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to Closing: 

(a) by the mutual written consent of the Company and the Requisite Investors; 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c) by either
the Company or the Requisite Investors, if any Restraint enjoining or otherwise prohibiting consummation of this Agreement shall be in effect and shall have become final and nonappealable; provided that the party seeking to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(c) shall have used the required efforts to cause the conditions to Closing to be satisfied in accordance with Section 5.01; 

(d) by the Requisite Investors, if the Company shall have breached any of its representations or warranties or failed to perform any of its
covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or Section 6.03(b) and (ii) shall not have been cured within
ten (10) calendar days following receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach or failure to perform from the Requisite Investors stating the Requisite Investors intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 7.01(d) and the basis for such termination; provided that the Requisite Investors shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(d) if the Investors are then in material breach of any of
their representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder, which breach would give rise to the failure of any condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or Section 6.02(b) to be satisfied; or 

10 

(e) by the Company, if the Investors shall have breached any of their representations or
warranties or failed to perform any of its covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or Section 6.02(b) and
(ii) shall not have been cured within ten (10) calendar days following receipt by the Requisite Investors of written notice of such breach or failure to perform from the Company stating the Companys intention to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(e) and the basis for such termination; provided that the Company shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(e) if the Company is then in material breach
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder, which breach would give rise to the failure of any condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or Section 6.03(b) to be satisfied. 

Section 7.02. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.01, written
notice thereof shall be given to the other party, specifying the provision hereof pursuant to which such termination is made, and this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void (other than Article 1, this Section 7.02 and Article 8, all of
which shall survive termination of this Agreement), and there shall be no liability on the part of the Investors or the Company or their respective directors, officers and Affiliates, except that no such termination shall relieve any party from
liability for damages to another party resulting from a willful and material breach of this Agreement. 

Section 7.03.
Survival. Subject to Section 7.02, all of the covenants or other agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive until fully performed or fulfilled, unless and to the extent that
non-compliance with such covenants or agreements is waived in writing by the party entitled to such performance. The representations and warranties made as of the Closing Date shall survive until the Closing
Date and shall then expire. 

ARTICLE 8 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.01. Amendments; Waivers. Subject to compliance with applicable Law, this Agreement may be amended or supplemented in any
and all respects by written agreement of the parties hereto. 

Section 8.02. Extension of Time, Waiver, Etc. The Company and
the Requisite Investors may, subject to applicable Law, (a) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, (b) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or acts of the other party or (c) waive compliance by the other party with any of the agreements contained herein applicable to such party or, except as otherwise provided herein, waive any of such
partys conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 

11 

no failure or delay by the Company or any Investor in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a
waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right hereunder. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid
only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. 

Section 8.03. Assignment. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise, by the Company without the prior written consent of the Requisite Investors. Each Investor (and its
respective assignees) may assign any or all of its rights under the definitive agreement(s) to any person, including without limitation any of its Affiliates. 

Section 8.04. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including by electronic mail), each of which shall be
deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties hereto (including by electronic signature) and delivered to
the other parties hereto (including electronically, e.g., in PDF format). 

Section 8.05. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties and their Affiliates, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof. No provision of this Agreement shall confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their permitted assigns any rights or remedies hereunder. 

Section 8.06. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. (a) This Agreement and all matters, claims, actions or proceedings
(Actions) (whether at law, in equity, in Contract, in tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, execution or performance of this Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the internal laws of the State of New York. 

(b) All Actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined in
the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of such courts in any such Action and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum or lack of jurisdiction to the maintenance of any such Action. Each party hereto agrees that service of process upon such party in
any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be effective if notice is given by overnight courier at the address set forth in Section 8.09. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Law; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment
relief regarding, or any appeal from, a final trial court judgment. 

12 

Section 8.07. Specific Enforcement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable
damage for which monetary relief, even if available, might not be an adequate remedy, might occur in the event that any provision of this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its specific terms or is otherwise breached, including if the
parties hereto fail to take any action required of them hereunder to cause the Closing to occur, and that time is of the essence. Subject to the determination of a court of competent jurisdiction, the parties acknowledge and agree that (a) the
parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in the courts described in Section 8.06,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled under this Agreement and (b) the right of specific enforcement is an integral part of this Agreement and without that right, neither the Company nor the Investors would have
entered into this Agreement. The parties hereto agree not to assert that a remedy of specific enforcement is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason, and agree not to assert that a remedy of monetary damages would
provide an adequate remedy or that the parties otherwise have an adequate remedy at law. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any party seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 8.07 shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any such order or injunction. 

Section 8.08. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY
OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (a) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (b) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVER, (c) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (d) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG
OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.08. 

Section 8.09. Notices. All notices, requests and
other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, emailed, or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the addresses set forth on their respective
signature pages hereto or to such other address or email address as such party may hereafter specify in writing to the other party hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received (1) on the date of actual
receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. local time in the place of receipt and such day is a business day in the place of receipt, or (2) on the next succeeding business day in the place of receipt. 

13 

Section 8.10. Severability. If any term, condition or other provision of this
Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full
force and effect. Upon such determination that any term, condition or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent
of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law. 

Section 8.11. Expenses. The out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses (including legal fees) of the Investors shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with Section 8(1) of the Omnibus
Amendment. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, all costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such
costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred. 

Section 8.12. Interpretation. (a) When a reference
is made in this Agreement to an Article, a Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to an Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or
referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or
consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all references to dollars or
$ shall refer to the lawful money of the United States. References to a Person are also to its permitted assigns and successors. When calculating the period of time between which, within which or following which any act is to be done or
step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded. 

(b) The parties
hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party hereto by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and
delivered as of the date first above written. 

ALLURION TECHNOLOGIES, INC., as

the Company

By: 

/s/ Shantanu Gaur

Name: Shantanu Gaur

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Address: 11 Huron Drive

Suite 200

Natick, MA 01760

Email: bgibbons@allurion.com;

sgaur@allurion.com

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT] 

RTW MASTER FUND, LTD., as an Investor

By: 

/s/ Darshan Patel

Name: Darshan Patel

Title: Director

Address: 40 10th Avenue, Floor 7

New York, New York 10014

Email: legalops@rtwfunds.com

RTW INNOVATION MASTER FUND, LTD., as an Investor

By: 

/s/ Darshan Patel

Name: Darshan Patel

Title: Director

Address: 40 10th Avenue, Floor 7

New York, New York 10014

Email: legalops@rtwfunds.com

RTW BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES OPERATING LTD., as an Investor

By: RTW Investments, LP, its Investment Manager

By: 

/s/ Roderick Wong

Name: Roderick Wong, M.D.

Title: Managing Partner

Address: 40 10th Avenue, Floor 7

New York, New York 10014

Email: legalops@rtwfunds.com

SCHEDULE 1 

Offering Price: $2.97 

Investor Number of Shares of

Common Stock Aggregate

Purchase Price 

RTW MASTER FUND, LTD. 407,828 $ 1,211,249.16 

RTW INNOVATION MASTER FUND, LTD. 322,222 $ 956,999.34 

RTW BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES OPERATING LTD. 111,701 $ 331,751.97 

TOTAL 841,751 $ 2,500,000.47
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d877375dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Allurion Announces Private Placement of Common Stock and 

Preliminary Unaudited Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and 

Fiscal Year 2024 

NATICK, Mass. 
Jan. 14, 2025 Allurion Technologies, Inc. (Allurion or the Company) (NYSE: ALUR), a company dedicated to ending obesity, today announced that it has entered into a subscription agreement with funds affiliated with
RTW Investments, LP (RTW) for the purchase and sale of 841,751 shares of the Companys common stock in a private placement at a purchase price of $2.97 per share. The private placement is expected to result in gross proceeds of
$2.5 million and extend the Companys runway through early 2026. The subscription agreement also includes an option to fund up to an additional $10 million in subsequent tranches. The private placement is expected to close on or about
January 15, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the private placement for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

The Company also announced preliminary unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024. Preliminary unaudited revenue for the fourth
quarter of 2024 is expected to be approximately $5.6 million and full year revenue to be approximately $32 million, in line with previously issued guidance. Procedure volume growth for the full year, as estimated by new app users and
excluding France, is expected to be approximately 4%, higher than previously issued guidance. 

We are pleased with our preliminary unaudited results
from the fourth quarter, which put us in line with our previously issued guidance for revenue and ahead for procedure volume while restructuring our business so that we can grow more profitably and sustainably in the future, said
Dr. Shantanu Gaur, Founder and Chief Executive Officer. On the heels of our results from the AUDACITY trial, we believe this private placement from RTW provides us the runway we need to execute our 2025 plan. Our 2025 plan includes
scaling our new commercial strategy, advancing the Allurion Balloon through the FDA approval process, setting the company up for a profitable 2026, expanding our digital business lines, and resuming commercialization in France. I believe 2025 will
be a pivotal year for Allurion with these potential catalysts ahead of us. 

Roth Capital Partners is acting as the sole financial advisor for the
offering. 

The securities sold in the private placement are being made in a transaction not involving a public offering and have not been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state or other applicable jurisdictions securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or other jurisdictions securities laws. 

This press release shall not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. 

About Allurion 

Allurion is dedicated to ending obesity. The Allurion Program is a weight-loss platform that combines the Allurion Gastric Balloon, the worlds first and
only swallowable, procedure-lessTM gastric balloon for weight loss, the Allurion Virtual Care Suite, including the Allurion Mobile App for consumers and Allurion Insights for healthcare providers
featuring the Iris AI Platform, and the Allurion Connected Scale. The Allurion Virtual Care Suite is also available to providers separately from the Allurion Program to help customize, monitor, and manage weight-loss therapy for patients regardless
of their treatment plan. The Allurion Gastric Balloon is an investigational device in the United States. 

For more information about Allurion and the
Allurion Virtual Care Suite, please visit www.allurion.com. 

Estimated Preliminary Results for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Set forth above are certain estimated preliminary financial results and other key business metrics for the fourth
quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. These estimates are based on the information available to us at this time. Our actual results may vary from the estimated preliminary results presented here due to the completion of our financial
closing procedures, final adjustments and other developments that may arise between now and the time the financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2024 are finalized. The estimated preliminary financial results and other key
business metrics have not been audited or reviewed by our independent registered public accounting firm. These estimates should not be viewed as a substitute for our full interim or annual financial statements. Accordingly, you should not place
undue reliance on this preliminary data. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and state securities laws. These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity,
plan, target, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions and include statements regarding
the expected completion, timing and size of the private placement, the anticipated use of proceeds of the private placement, Allurions preliminary unaudited 2024 results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024,
including revenue generation and growth, and procedural volume growth, alignment of such results with full year 2024 expectations, the Companys cash runway, ability to advance the FDA process for the Allurion Balloon and achieve profitability
in 2026, expand commercialization of the digital business, resume commercialization in France, and other statements about future events that reflect the current beliefs and assumptions of Allurions management based on information currently
available to them and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that reflect the current beliefs and assumptions of Allurions
management based on information currently available to them and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future results or developments to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this
press release, including but not limited to (i) the ability of Allurion to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize the Allurion Program, (ii) the timing of and results from its clinical studies and trials,
(iii) the evolution of the markets in which Allurion competes and the rise of GLP-1 drugs, (iv) the ability of Allurion to defend its intellectual property and satisfy regulatory requirements,
(v) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia-Ukraine war and Israel-Hamas war on Allurions business, (vi) Allurions expectations regarding its market opportunities, (vii) the
outcome of any legal proceedings against Alurion, (viii) the risk of economic downturns and a changing regulatory landscape in the highly competitive industry in which Allurion operates, and (ix) uncertainties related to market conditions
and the completion of the private placement on the anticipated terms or at all. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk
Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2026 and Amendment No. 1 thereto filed on April 29, 2024, the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2024 and other documents filed by Allurion from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings identify and address other important risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance
on forward-looking statements, and Allurion assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Allurion does not give any assurance
that it will achieve its expectations. 

Global Media 

Hannah Lindberg 

hlindberg@allurion.com 

Investor Contact 

Mike Cavanaugh, Investor Relations 

ICR Westwicke 

(617)
877-9641

mike.cavanaugh@westwicke.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>alur-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>alur-20250114_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>alur-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 
Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 

Warrants To Purchase 0.056818 Shares Of Common Stock For 202.50 Per Share 1 [Member] 
Warrants To Purchase 0.056818 Shares Of Common Stock For 202.50 Per Share 1 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>alur-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 14, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001964979

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ALLURION TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-41767

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-2182207

Entity Address, Address Line One 11 Huron Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Natick

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01760

City Area Code (508)

Local Phone Number 647-4000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ALUR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Warrants To Purchase 0.056818 Shares Of Common Stock For 202.50 Per Share 1 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Warrants to purchase 0.056818 shares of Common Stock for $202.50 per share

Trading Symbol ALUR WS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: alur_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: alur_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=alur_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=alur_WarrantsToPurchase0.056818SharesOfCommonStockFor202.50PerShare1Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.allurion.com//20250114/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

alur-20250114.xsd 
alur-20250114_def.xml 
alur-20250114_lab.xml 
alur-20250114_pre.xml 
d877375d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-007863-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d877375d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001964979 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

0001964979 

alur:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

0001964979 

alur:WarrantsToPurchase0.056818SharesOfCommonStockFor202.50PerShare1Member 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

false 
0001964979 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
ALLURION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
DE 
001-41767 
92-2182207 
11 Huron Drive 
Natick 
MA 
01760 
(508) 
647-4000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ALUR 
NYSE 
Warrants to purchase 0.056818 shares of Common Stock for $202.50 per share 
ALUR WS 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>