<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-086274.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-086274.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421063048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-086274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250420
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACELYRIN, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001962918
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				852406735
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41696
		FILM NUMBER:		25851265

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4149 LIBERTY CANYON RD.
		CITY:			AGOURA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-456-4393

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4149 LIBERTY CANYON RD.
		CITY:			AGOURA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91301
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d849091d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000196291800019629182025-04-202025-04-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 20, 2025

ACELYRIN, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41696 85-2406735

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4149 Liberty Canyon Road

Agoura Hills, California 91301

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (805)456-4393

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share SLRN Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Merger Agreement 

As previously disclosed, on February 6, 2025, ACELYRIN, INC., a Delaware corporation (ACELYRIN), entered into an agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Alumis Inc., a Delaware corporation (Alumis), and Arrow Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Alumis (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into ACELYRIN and ACELYRIN will continue as the surviving corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Alumis (the Merger). 

On April 20, 2025, ACELYRIN, Alumis and Merger Sub entered into that certain Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Amendment), which amends the Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement as amended by the Amendment, the Amended Agreement) to, among other things, reflect that the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of ACELYRIN, par value $0.00001 per share (the Shares), will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive 0.4814 shares of voting common stock of Alumis, par value $0.0001 per share (Alumis Common Stock), without interest (the number of shares of Alumis Common Stock in exchange for each Share, the Exchange Ratio) and, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares, without interest, subject to any applicable withholding. At the effective time of the Merger, Alumiss stockholders will own approximately 52%, and ACELYRINs stockholders will own approximately 48%, of the outstanding shares of common stock of the combined company on a fully diluted basis. 

Other than as expressly modified by the Amendment, the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACELYRIN with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 6, 2025, remains in full force and effect. The foregoing description of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Amendment, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

Approval & Recommendation 

Based on the unanimous recommendation of a transaction committee of the board of directors of ACELYRIN (the ACELYRIN Board), consisting solely of independent and disinterested directors of ACELYRIN, to which the ACELYRIN Board had delegated exclusive authority to consider, negotiate and evaluate the Amended Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the ACELYRIN Board (i) determined that the Amended Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement, are advisable, fair to and in the best interest of ACELYRIN and its stockholders, (ii) approved the execution, delivery and performance by ACELYRIN of the Amendment and the consummation by ACELYRIN of the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement, including the Merger and (iii) declared advisable and resolved to recommend that ACELYRINs stockholders adopt the Amended Agreement. 

Based on the unanimous recommendation of a special committee of the board of directors of Alumis (the Alumis Board), consisting solely of independent and disinterested directors of Alumis, to which the Alumis Board has delegated exclusive authority to consider, negotiate and evaluate the Amended Agreement to the transactions contemplated thereby, the Alumis Board (i) determined that the Amendment and the transactions contemplated by the Amended agreement, including the Merger and the issuance of Alumis Common Stock pursuant to the Amended Agreement (the Alumis Share Issuance) are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Alumis and its stockholders, (ii) approved the Amendment and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement, including the Merger and the Alumis Share Issuance, and (iii) resolved to submit and recommend the approval of the Alumis Share Issuance to Alumiss stockholders. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

Members of ACELYRIN management and of the transaction committee of the ACELYRIN Board may hold meetings with certain investors, analysts and proxy advisory firms in connection with the upcoming special meeting of ACELYRIN stockholders (the Special Meeting) to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Amended Agreement. The Special Meeting is scheduled to be held on May 19, 2025. A copy of the presentation materials to be provided during the meetings is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On April 21, 2025, ACELYRIN and Alumis issued a joint press release announcing the entrance into the Amended Agreement described in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 hereto. 

The information contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, is being furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number Description

2.1 Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 20, 2025. 

99.1 Investor Presentation, dated as of April 21, 2025. 

99.2 Joint Press Release, dated as of April 21, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Forward-Looking Statements 

This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon current plans, estimates and expectations of management of Alumis Inc. (Alumis) and ACELYRIN, Inc. (ACELYRIN) in light of historical results and trends, current conditions and potential future developments, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates and expectations will be achieved. Words such as anticipate, expect, project, intend, believe, may, will, should, plan, could, continue, target, contemplate, estimate, forecast, guidance, predict, possible, potential, pursue, likely, and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future plans, actions or events identify forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, including express or implied statements regarding the proposed transaction; the conversion of equity interests contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of February 6, 2025, as amended on April 20, 2025, by and among the parties (as amended, the merger agreement); the issuance of common stock of Alumis contemplated by the merger agreement; the expected filing by Alumis with the Securities and Exchanges Commission (the SEC) of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the registration statement) and a joint proxy statement/prospectus of Alumis and ACELYRIN to be included therein (the joint proxy statement/prospectus); the expected timing of the closing of the proposed transaction; the ability of the parties to complete the proposed transaction considering the various closing conditions; the expected benefits of the proposed transaction; the sufficiency of the combined companys capital resources; the combined companys cash runway, which is preliminary, unaudited and subject to change; the competitive ability and position of the combined company; the clinical pipeline of the combined company; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. 

Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, (i) the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely basis or at all, which may adversely affect Alumis and ACELYRINs businesses and the price of their respective securities; (ii) the potential failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approvals of the proposed transaction, including stockholder approvals by both Alumis stockholders and ACELYRINS stockholders, and the potential failure to satisfy the other conditions to the consummation of the transaction; (iii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on each of Alumis or ACELYRINs ability to attract, motivate, retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with partners, suppliers and others with whom Alumis or ACELYRIN does business, or on Alumis or ACELYRINs operating results and business generally; (iv) that the proposed transaction may divert managements attention from each of Alumis and ACELYRINs ongoing business operations; (v) the risk of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction or otherwise, or the impact of the proposed transaction thereupon, including resulting expense or delay; (vi) that Alumis or ACELYRIN may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (vii) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement , including in circumstances which would require Alumis or ACELYRIN to pay a termination fee; (viii) the risk that restrictions during the pendency of the proposed transaction may impact Alumis or ACELYRINs ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; (ix) the risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (x) the impact of legislative, regulatory, economic, competitive and technological changes; (xi) risks relating to the value of Alumis securities to be issued in the proposed transaction; (xii) the risk that integration of the proposed transaction post-closing may not occur as anticipated or the combined company may not be able to achieve the growth prospects expected from the transaction; (xiii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on the market price of the common stock of each of Alumis and ACELYRIN; (xiv) the implementation of each of Alumis and ACELYRINs business model and strategic plans for product candidates and pipeline, and challenges inherent in developing, commercializing, manufacturing, launching, marketing and selling potential existing and new products and product candidates; (xv) the scope, progress, results and costs of developing Alumis and ACELYRINs product candidates and any future product candidates, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and otherwise related to the research and development of Alumis and ACELYRINs pipeline; (xvi) the timing and costs involved in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for Alumis and ACELYRINs current or future product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations and/or warnings in the label of any approved product; (xvii) the market for, adoption (including rate and degree of market acceptance) and pricing and reimbursement of Alumis and ACELYRINs product candidates, if approved, and their respective abilities to compete with therapies and procedures that are rapidly growing and evolving; (xviii) uncertainties in 

contractual relationships, including collaborations, partnerships, licensing or other arrangements and the performance of third-party suppliers and manufacturers; (xix) the ability of each of Alumis and ACELYRIN to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for products or avoid or defend claims of infringement; (xx) Alumis ability to successfully integrate ACELYRINs operations and personnel; and (xxi) potential delays in initiating, enrolling or completing preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

These risks, as well as other risks related to the proposed transaction, will be described in the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here and the list of factors to be presented in the registration statement are considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. For additional information about other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Alumis and ACELYRINs respective periodic reports and other filings with the SEC, including the risk factors identified in Alumis and ACELYRINs most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described above and in the SEC filings cited above are not exclusive and further information concerning Alumis and ACELYRIN and their respective businesses, including factors that potentially could materially affect their respective businesses, financial conditions or operating results, may emerge from time to time. Readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating these forward-looking statements, and not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Readers should also carefully review the risk factors described in other documents Alumis and ACELYRIN file from time to time with the SEC. 

The forward-looking statements included in this communication are made only as of the date hereof. ACELYRIN assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as required by law. 

Additional Information and Where to Find It 

In connection with the proposed merger, Alumis intends to file with the SEC the registration statement, which will include the joint proxy statement/prospectus. After the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, the joint proxy statement/prospectus will be delivered to stockholders of Alumis and ACELYRIN. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION, SECURITY HOLDERS OF ALUMIS AND ACELYRIN ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE MERGER THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED MERGER. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed by Alumis and ACELYRIN with the SEC, without charge, through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Alumis will be available free of charge under the SEC Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of Alumis website at https://investors.alumis.com/. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by ACELYRIN will be available free of charge under the Financials & Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of ACELYRINs website at https://investors.acelyrin.com/. 

Participants in the Solicitation 

Alumis and ACELYRIN and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about Alumis directors and executive officers is set forth in the registration statement, which includes the joint proxy statement/prospectus. Information about ACELYRINs directors and executive officers is set forth in ACELYRINs Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 19, 2025. Stockholders may obtain additional information regarding the interests of such participants by reading the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials filed with the SEC regarding the proposed merger when they become available. Investors should read the joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. 

No Offer or Solicitation 

This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ACELYRIN, INC.

Date: April 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Amar Murugan

Name: Amar Murugan

Title: Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d849091dex21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.1
<TEXT>
EX-2.1

Exhibit 2.1 

AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

This AMENDMENT (this Amendment), dated as of April 20, 2025, to the AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the
Agreement and as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Agreement), dated as of February 6, 2025, by and among Alumis Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), Arrow Merger Sub, Inc., a
Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), and ACELYRIN, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). Parent, Merger Sub and the Company are each sometimes referred to
herein as a Party and collectively as the Parties. 

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used and not
otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement; 

WHEREAS,
Section 8.2 of the Agreement provides that, at any time prior to the Effective Time, the Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented solely in writing by the Parties; and 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment, and pursuant to Section 8.2 of the
Agreement, the Parties desire to amend certain terms of the Agreement by entering into this Amendment. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises, and of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. 

Amendment to the Agreement.Section 2.1(a) of the Agreement shall be amended
and restated in its entirety as follows: 

Exchange Ratio; Merger Consideration. Each Share issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Shares held by the Company (including in treasury) or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, if any (each such Share, an Excluded Share and,
collectively, Excluded Shares)) shall be converted into the right to receive 0.4814 shares of Parent Common Stock, without interest thereon (the number of shares of Parent Common Stock in exchange for each Share, the
Exchange Ratio and the consideration to be received in respect of such Share, the Merger Consideration). 

2. 

Representations and Warranties of the Company.

The Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows: 

(a) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment. On or prior to the date of this
Amendment, the Company Transaction Committee adopted resolutions, by vote at a meeting duly called: (i) determining that the Amended Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement are advisable, fair to and in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) recommending to the Company Board that it approve the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Amendment and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
by the Amended Agreement, including the Merger, (iii) recommending to the Company Board that it direct that the Amended Agreement be submitted to the Companys stockholders for adoption and (iv) recommending to the Company Board that
it recommend that the stockholders of the Company adopt the Amended Agreement. As of the date of this Amendment, such resolutions have not been amended or withdrawn. On or prior to the date of this Amendment, the Company Board adopted resolutions,
by vote at a meeting duly called: (A) determining that the Amended 

Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (B) approving the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Amendment and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement, including the Merger, (C) directing that the Amended Agreement be submitted to the
Companys stockholders for adoption and (D) recommending that the stockholders of the Company adopt the Amended Agreement. As of the date of this Amendment, such resolutions have not been amended or withdrawn. 

(b) The Company has duly executed and delivered this Amendment and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and
Merger Sub, this Amendment constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except, in each case, as enforcement may be limited by the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. 

3. 

Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.

Parent hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 

(a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment. On or prior to the
date of this Amendment, the Parent Special Committee has adopted resolutions, by vote at a meeting duly called: (i) determining that the Amended Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement, including the Merger, are
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders, (ii) recommending to the Parent Board that it approve the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement, including the Parent Share Issuance, and
(iii) recommending to the Parent Board that it submit, and recommending the approval of the Parent Share Issuance, to Parents stockholders for approval at the Parent Stockholders Meeting. On or prior to the date of this Amendment, the
Parent Board has adopted resolutions, by vote at a meeting duly called: (i) determining that the Amended Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Parent and its
stockholders, (ii) approving the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Amended Agreement, including the Parent Share Issuance, (iii) resolving to submit the Parent Share Issuance to Parents stockholders for approval at the
Parent Stockholder Meeting and (iv) recommending that the stockholders of Parent approve the Parent Share Issuance in connection with the Merger. As of the date of this Amendment, such resolutions have not been amended or withdrawn. 

(b) Parent and Merger Sub have duly executed and delivered this Amendment and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the
Company, this Amendment constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against Parent, in accordance with its terms except, in each case, as enforcement may be limited by the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. 

4. 

General Provisions. 

a. 

All of the provisions of this Amendment shall be effective as of the date of this Amendment. Except to the
extent specifically amended or supplemented by this Amendment, (i) no waivers with respect to the Agreement or the obligations thereunder are hereby being made, granted or consented to by the Parties and (ii) all of the terms of the
Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect, and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Amendment. 

2 

b. 

This Amendment and the Agreement (and any Exhibit, Annex, Appendix or Schedule thereto, the Company Disclosure
Letter and the Parent Disclosure Letter) and the Confidentiality Agreement and the other documents and instruments executed pursuant thereto constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all other prior agreements, understandings, representations
and warranties both written and oral, among the Parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

c. 

The provisions of Section 8.2, Section 8.3, Section 8.4, Section 8.5, Section 8.6,
Section 8.7, Section 8.8, Section 8.10, Section 8.12 and Section 8.14 of the Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Amendment. 

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the duly
authorized officers of the Parties hereto as of the date first written above. 

ALUMIS INC.

By: /s/ Martin Babler

Name: Martin Babler

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ARROW MERGER SUB, INC.

By: /s/ Sara Klein

Name: Sara Klein

Title: President

[Signature Page to Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the duly
authorized officers of the Parties hereto as of the date first written above. 

ACELYRIN, INC.

By: /s/ Mina Kim

Name: Mina Kim

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d849091dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 Investor Presentation April 2025

Disclaimer Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon current plans, estimates and
expectations of management of Alumis Inc. (Alumis) and ACELYRIN, Inc. (ACELYRIN) in light of historical results and trends, current conditions and potential future developments, and are subject to various risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates and expectations will be achieved. Words such
as anticipate, expect, project, intend, believe, may, will, should, plan, could, continue,
target, contemplate, estimate, forecast, guidance, predict, possible, potential, pursue, likely, and words
and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future plans, actions or events identify forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, including express or implied statements
regarding the proposed transaction; the conversion of equity interests contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of February 6, 2025, as amended on April 20, 2025, by and among the parties (as amended, the merger
agreement); the issuance of common stock of Alumis contemplated by the merger agreement; the expected filing by Alumis with the Securities and Exchanges Commission (the SEC) of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the
registration statement) and a joint proxy statement/prospectus of Alumis and ACELYRIN to be included therein (the joint proxy statement/prospectus); the expected timing of the closing of the proposed transaction; the
ability of the parties to complete the proposed transaction considering the various closing conditions; the expected benefits of the proposed transaction; the sufficiency of the combined companys capital resources; the combined
companys cash runway, which is preliminary, unaudited and subject to change; the competitive ability and position of the combined company; the clinical pipeline of the combined company; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are
forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, (i) the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely basis or at all, which may adversely affect Alumis and ACELYRINs businesses
and the price of their respective securities; (ii) the potential failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approvals of the proposed transaction, including stockholder approvals by both Alumis stockholders and
ACELYRINS stockholders, and the potential failure to satisfy the other conditions to the consummation of the transaction; (iii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on each of Alumis or
ACELYRINs ability to attract, motivate, retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with partners, suppliers and others with whom Alumis or ACELYRIN does business, or on Alumis or ACELYRINs operating results and
business generally; (iv) that the proposed transaction may divert managements attention from each of Alumis and ACELYRINs ongoing business operations; (v) the risk of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction or
otherwise, or the impact of the proposed transaction thereupon, including resulting expense or delay; (vi) that Alumis or ACELYRIN may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (vii) the occurrence of any event,
change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement , including in circumstances which would require Alumis or ACELYRIN to pay a termination fee; (viii) the risk that restrictions during the pendency of the
proposed transaction may impact Alumis or ACELYRINs ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; (ix) the risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction may not be fully
realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (x) the impact of legislative, regulatory, economic, competitive and technological changes; (xi) risks relating to the value of Alumis securities to be issued in the proposed transaction; (xii)
the risk that integration of the proposed transaction post-closing may not occur as anticipated or the combined company may not be able to achieve the growth prospects expected from the transaction; (xiii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or
completion of the proposed transaction on the market price of the common stock of each of Alumis and ACELYRIN; (xiv) the implementation of each of Alumis and ACELYRINs business model and strategic plans for product candidates and
pipeline, and challenges inherent in developing, commercializing, manufacturing, launching, marketing and selling potential existing and new products and product candidates; (xv) the scope, progress, results and costs of developing Alumis and
ACELYRINs product candidates and any future product candidates, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and otherwise related to the research and development of Alumis and ACELYRINs pipeline; (xvi) the
timing and costs involved in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for Alumis and ACELYRINs current or future product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations and/or warnings in the label of any approved product;
(xvii) the market for, adoption (including rate and degree of market acceptance) and pricing and reimbursement of Alumis and ACELYRINs product candidates, if approved, and their respective abilities to compete with therapies and
procedures that are rapidly growing and evolving; (xviii) uncertainties in contractual relationships, including collaborations, partnerships, licensing or other arrangements and the performance of third-party suppliers and manufacturers; (xix) the
ability of each of Alumis and ACELYRIN to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for products or avoid or defend claims of infringement; (xx) Alumis ability to successfully integrate ACELYRINs operations and personnel;
and (xxi) potential delays in initiating, enrolling or completing preclinical studies and clinical trials. These risks, as well as other risks related to the proposed transaction, will be described in the registration statement and the joint proxy
statement/prospectus that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here and the list of factors to be presented in the registration statement are considered representative, no such
list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. For additional information about other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements, please refer to Alumis and ACELYRINs respective periodic reports and other filings with the SEC, including the risk factors identified in Alumis and ACELYRINs most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K. The risks
and uncertainties described above and in the SEC filings cited above are not exclusive and further information concerning Alumis and ACELYRIN and their respective businesses, including factors that potentially could materially affect their
respective businesses, financial conditions or operating results, may emerge from time to time. Readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating these forward-looking statements, and not to place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Readers should also carefully review the risk factors described in other documents Alumis and ACELYRIN file from time to time with the SEC. The forward-looking statements included
in this communication are made only as of the date hereof. Alumis assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as required by law. Additional
Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed merger, Alumis intends to file with the SEC the registration statement, which will include the joint proxy statement/prospectus. After the registration statement has been declared
effective by the SEC, the joint proxy statement/prospectus will be delivered to stockholders of Alumis and ACELYRIN. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION, SECURITY HOLDERS OF ALUMIS AND ACELYRIN ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE MERGER THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED MERGER.
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed by Alumis and ACELYRIN with the SEC, without charge, through the website maintained by the SEC at
www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Alumis will be available free of charge under the SEC Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of Alumis website at https://investors.alumis.com/. Copies of the documents
filed with the SEC by ACELYRIN will be available free of charge under the Financials & Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of ACELYRINs website at https://investors.acelyrin.com/. Participants in the Solicitation Alumis and
ACELYRIN and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about Alumis directors and executive officers is set forth in
the registration statement, which includes the joint proxy statement/prospectus. Information about ACELYRINs directors and executive officers is set forth in ACELYRINs Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on March
19, 2025. Stockholders may obtain additional information regarding the interests of such participants by reading the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials filed with the SEC regarding the
proposed merger when they become available. Investors should read the joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. No Offer or Solicitation This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 2

Executive Summary The Alumis Merger Provides Significant Potential
Upside For ACELYRIN Stockholders The combination provides the opportunity to participate in the potential upside from Phase 3 data for Alumis lead program expected in 1Q26 and a combined pipeline with multiple upcoming milestones
expected, with ACELYRIN stockholders retaining significant (~48%) ownership of the combined company, on a fully diluted basis The pro forma discounted cash flow analysis reviewed by the ACELYRIN board implies a range of illustrative pro
forma equity values per share of ACELYRIN common stock of $6.90 to $8.96 1 (inclusive of realized net synergies) based on the Pro Forma DCF analysis reviewed in the February 6, 2025 Presentation and adjusted for the improved 4/21 terms Prior
to the announcement of the strategic merger with Alumis, the market valued ACELYRIN at less than cash value despite Lonigutamabs potential to be a differentiated medicine in a large and growing market The ACELYRIN board believes that
the combination with Alumis will be significantly value accretive to ACELYRIN stockholders as a result of synergies and scale to be achieved through the proposed merger as well as reduced execution risk versus a standalone path as a single asset
company Combination Creates a Leading Clinical-Stage Immunology Company with a Diversified Portfolio of Product Candidates Combination with Alumis is the best path forward to unlock Lonigutamabs value and the combined company is
well-capitalized with runway through impactful catalysts into 2027 Combined companys management team is well-positioned to execute and create value, including by unlocking the value of Lonigutamab. Alumis has meaningful ophthalmology
expertiseits Chief Medical Officer was the CMO and co-founder of Viela Bio and its Chief Commercial Officer ran the TEPEZZA franchise at Amgen / Horizon Members of ACELYRINs Lonigutamab team are expected to join Alumis
(clinical, CMC and regulatory) Combined company is well-positioned relative to publicly traded clinical-stage immunology peers, with the potential for significant upside Independent Board Committee Ran a Thorough Process to Review Multiple
Alternatives and Optimize Terms From Alumis The transaction process was spearheaded by an independent and highly accomplished Transaction Committee with extensive financial and biopharmaceutical company experience The Transaction
Committee secured multiple improvements in deal terms, including increasing ownership in the combined company from 40% to 48%, despite a declining ACELYRIN share price This process included interactions with ~25 potential counterparties over
~7 months, the exploration of a wide variety of potential transactions, robust evaluation of additional offers that emerged post signing of the definitive merger agreement, improved deal terms post signing of the 2/6 merger agreement in response to
stockholder feedback and is unanimously recommended and approved by the disinterested and independent directors The ACELYRIN Board is confident the Alumis strategic merger maximizes the potential value for ACELYRIN stockholders 1. The Joint
Proxy/Prospectus contains a detailed summary of the financial analyses performed by Guggenheim Securities, LLC (Guggenheim Securities) in connection with its February 6, 2025 presentation to the ACELYRIN board (the February 6,
2025 Presentation). Guggenheim Securities analyses were subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations, qualifications and other conditions contained in the February 6, 2025 Presentation and
related fairness opinion and were necessarily based on economic, business, capital markets and other conditions, and the information made available to Guggenheim Securities, as of the date of such presentation and fairness opinion. Range of
illustrative pro forma equity values per share of ACELYRIN common stock reflects the revised exchange ratio of 0.4814x (the Improved Exchange Ratio ) in lieu of the original exchange ratio of 0.4274x (the Original Exchange Ratio ) used in the
February 6, 2025 Presentation. 3

The Alumis Merger Provides Significant Potential Upside For ACELYRIN
Stockholders 4

At Time of IPO, Investors Expected to Benefit from a Robust Pipeline but
Several Clinical Setbacks and Management Departures Have Impacted Growth Prospects Overview Limited Pipeline Remaining From Time of IPO Stage at IPO ACELYRIN IPOd in May 2023 based on Phase 2b/3 Part A data for PC Ph1 Ph2 Ph3 Current
Status Izokibep (Izo) in Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) Izokibep (anti-IL-17A) HS Hidradenitis Suppurativa Sept-23: Failed Ph2b/3 Part B Izo is a next generation anti-IL-17A mAb Psoriatic Arthritis PsA Mar-24: Data
not competitive At the time of IPO, IL-17 was already a commercially validated target Ax Axial Spondylarthritis Aug-24: Suspended development based on Novartis Cosentyx ($4.8B FY22) and Lillys Taltz ($2.5B FY22) Spa UV Uveitis
Dec-24: Failed Ph2b/3 Humira was the only biologic approved for HS at that time with Lonigutamab (anti-IGF-1R) Cosentyx approved for HS shortly after SLRNs IPO in Oct-23 TED Thyroid Eye Disease Development plan to be finalized 
Izo was designed, based on 4 major hypotheses, to overcome SLRN-517 (anti-c-KIT) limitations of prior generation IL-17s CSU Chronic Urticaria Jan-24: Divested 1. Higher affinity to IL-17A could translate to higher potency vs. Cosentyx Limited Senior
Management Remaining From Time of IPO 2. Smaller molecular size could allow for better tissue penetration 3. Targeting IL-17A vs. IL-17F could lower rates of candidiasis and toxicity Name Position at IPO Current Position 4. Albumin binding could
support longer half life vs. Cosentyx Shao-Lee Lin, M.D., Ph.D. Founder, CEO May-24: Departed Izo ultimately suffered clinical setbacks which led to discontinuation Mardi Dier CFO & CBO Aug-23: Departed of further development by ACELYRIN
Melanie Gloria COO Oct-24: Departed Sept-23: Failed to achieve stat. sig. in Part B of the HS Ph2b/3 study Mina Kim CLO CEO Mar-24: Achieved stat. sig. in Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA) but not Ron Oyston CPO Aug-24:
Departed competitive vs. UCBs bimekizumab Paul Peloso, M.D. CMO Dec-23: Departed Dec-24: Failed to achieve stat. sig. in Uveitis Ph2b/3 study Remaining Programs / Personnel Source: Public company filings and Wall Street Equity
Research. 5

ACELYRIN Shares Have Been Under Significant Pressure Since Phase 2b/3
Part B Izokibep Data in Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) in September 2023 After additional readouts, Izokibep was deprioritized and ACELYRIN is focused on Lonigutamab Lonigutamab has the potential to be a best-in-class
next-generation subcutaneous anti-IGF-1R therapy in Thyroid Eye Disease (TED) Capitalization ($ in Millions Except Per Share Values) Unaffected Share Price (2/6/25) $1.90 9/11/23: Izokibep $30.00 Performance from IPO (89%) failed to
meet Equity Value $199 primary endpoint in 1 (448) Less: 4Q24 Cash and Cash Equivalents Part B of the Ph2b/3 Enterprise Value ($249) study in HS 11% $20.00 1/6/25: Additional Ph1b/2 data 11/27/23: Announced and Ph3 development plan for CRO
programming Lonigutamab announced error in Izokibep Ph2b/3 5/4/23: IPO trial in PsA 12/10/24: Data from 2/6/25: 5/9/24: Prior CEO exited & priced at Ph2b/3 study of $10.00 Alumis strategic Mina Kim appointed CEO $18/share Izokibep in Uveitis
merger announcement ACELYRIN 3/11/24: Data from Ph2b/3 $1.90 trial of Izokibep in PsA and XBI long-term HS data (89%) $0.00 May-23 Jul-23 Oct-23 Dec-23 Mar-24 Jun-24 Aug-24 Nov-24 Feb-25 Source: Public company filings and FactSet as of 2/6/25.
Strategic Alternatives Process 1. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 6

ACELYRINs Board Believes Lonigutamab has the Potential to be a
Differentiated Medicine in a Large and Growing Market Product Profile Market Opportunity Efficacy in-line with IV anti-IGF-1R agents Minimally penetrated U.S. market Proptosis response in line with others, within the limitations of a small
dose Estimated penetration of todays standard of care <10% of patients but still escalation study 1 ~$2B annual sales Novel MoA and optimized PK support safety differentiation Potential lower risks of hearing impairment, menstrual
disorders and hyperglycemia Current standard of care has serious side effects Demonstrated adverse reactions occurring in 5% of treated patients include muscle spasms, nausea, alopecia, hearing impairment and hyperglycemia Delivered via a
low-volume auto-injector for at home 2 and menstrual disorders were reported in ~23% of menstruating women administration In distinction to the higher volume Amgen subcutaneous (SC) product Development plan may create additional flexibility for
Market is growing and large enough to support multiple prescribers medicines Potential to be used chronically and/or episodically, inclusive of patients with Limited availability of a biologic option for ~80K patients based on todays
age-appropriate hearing loss, pre-diabetic and diabetic patients and women 3 standard of care of childbearing potential Lonigutamab delivers efficacy like others in its class, with the potential to be safer and may be developed in a way that
differentiates 4 it and expands the market 1. ACELYRIN transcript from January 6, 2025 Special Call and Amgen SEC filings. 3. ACELYRIN January 6, 2025 presentation. 2. Tepezza prescribing information. 4. This claim is not based on head-to-head or
comparator studies. Differences exist between study designs and subject characteristics, and caution should be exercised when comparing data across studies. 7

And that the Market Was Not Reflecting the Potential Upside for
ACELYRIN 1 ACELYRIN Equity Value / Equity Value Per Share Post-Ph3 TED Trading Comp $2.3B / $20.00 2 $1.9B $1.2B Enterprise Value $602M / $5.68 $448M / $4.28 $481M / $4.59 $199M / $1.90 $314M / $3.00 Implied Per Share Price Reflected in 2/6
Unaffected Analyst Price Targets 3 4Q24 Cash ACELYRIN Standalone DCF Analysis in 5 Trading Price as of 2/6 as of 2/6 4 the February 6, 2025 Presentation 1. Viridians lead asset Veligrotug, is a derisked anti-IGF-1R for TED with Phase 3
topline data and BLA submission expected in the second half of 2025. 2. Market capitalization inclusive of full conversion of outstanding Series A and Series B Preferred Stock to common stock. 3. Illustrative ACELYRIN valuation where market cap is
equivalent to the 4Q24 cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on the balance sheet, implying $0 enterprise value, or in other words, no assigned value for Lonigutamab. 4. The Joint Proxy/Prospectus contains a detailed summary of the
financial analyses performed by Guggenheim Securities in connection with its February 6, 2025 Presentation to the ACELYRIN board. Guggenheim Securities analyses were subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations, qualifications and other conditions contained in the February 6, 2025 Presentation and related fairness opinion, and were necessarily based on economic, business, capital markets and other conditions, and the information made available
to Guggenheim Securities as of the date of such presentation and fairness opinion. 5. Range of six analysts who provided price targets as of 2/6/25. Low estimate of $3.00 (Citi, 1/7/25); high estimate of $20.00 (Piper Sandler, 1/6/25). 8

Significant Risk Exists for ACELYRIN Stock Price as a Standalone Company
in This Environment Relative Share Price Performance Since Announcement $3.00 Nearly 200 companies trade below their cash value $2.20 16% $2.00 1 Select Biotech Stocks ($ in Millions) (19%) Mkt Cap less Cash Mkt Cap Cash 
% Performance (29%) Company (2/6/25) (12/31/24) (2/6/25) Current (4/17/25) Since 2/6/25 $1.00 ACELYRIN $631 $421 $210 ($159) (58%) 2 2 2 2 XBI 187 357 (170) (268) (52%) 3 BBC 154 371 (217) (278) (40%) $0.00 164 354 (191) (216) (15%) 2/6 2/13 2/20
2/27 3/6 3/13 3/20 3/27 4/3 4/10 4/17 Unaffected Within the Biotech sector it is not uncommon for companies to trade below cash Source: Public company filings, Wall Street Equity Research and FactSet as of 4/17/25. 1. Select biotechs with >$300M
of cash as of 12/31/24 and trading below cash. 2. Pliant began trading below cash value on 2/10/25. All statistics are as of 2/10/25 instead of 2/6/25. 3. The Virtus LifeSci Biotech Clinical Trials ETF (BBC) tracks the performance of 100+ select
clinical trials stage US exchange-listed biotechnology companies. 9

Strategic Merger Key Terms All Stock Merger Consideration
ACELYRIN stockholders to receive 0.4814 shares of Alumis common stock for each share of ACELYRIN common stock owned Pro Forma Alumis stockholders to own approximately 52% of the combined company 1 Ownership ACELYRIN
stockholders to own approximately 48% of the combined company ~$737M pro forma cash at the end of Q4 2024 Cash Position Expect pro forma financial plans to extend runway into 2027 Combined company to operate under the Alumis
name Leadership The combined company will be led by current Alumis executive team Alumis Board will expand to nine directors, including two additional directors from ACELYRINs Board Transaction Expected in the second
quarter of 2025 Closing Subject to approval of Alumis and ACELYRIN stockholders and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions and Conditions 1. On a fully diluted basis based on the capitalizations of ACELYRIN and Alumis at the time
of the merger agreement. 10

With 48% Ownership in Combined Company, ACELYRIN Stockholders Have
Ability to Participate in Significant Upside Potential The strategic merger IS: A combination of strategically aligned I&I companies, creating a stronger company that is well-positioned to realize long-term value The strategic
merger IS NOT: A sale of ACELYRIN where stockholders monetize cash or Lonigutamab for short-term returns ACELYRIN Gives ACELYRIN Gets 52% of Lonigutamab 48% of ESK-001 Next-gen TYK2 with Psoriasis Phase 3 topline data expected in 1Q26
Anti-IGF-1R with best-in-class potential in Thyroid Eye Disease Currently being investigated in a Phase 2 clinical trial Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Phase 2b topline data expected in 2026 Core Lonigutamab program
team 48% of A-005 ~$94M net cash contribution Promising Phase 2-ready central nervous system penetrant TYK2 Multiple Sclerosis Phase 2 topline data expected in 2026 Contributes: ~$448M in cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities (4Q24) 48% of promising preclinical I&I pipeline 1 Retains: ~48% of $737M pro forma 4Q24 cash (~$354M) Includes IRF5 targeting and other earlier-stage assets World-class management team and strong balance sheet 
Executives with history of successful drug development Well-capitalized to execute on attractive portfolio 48% of synergies Significant anticipated operational synergies Retains Significant Cash and Lonigutamab Upside with
Diversified Portfolio to Deliver Long-Term Stockholder Value 11 1. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.

ACELYRINs Board Believes that it Achieved Favorable Terms and
Attractive Pro Forma Ownership for ACELYRIN Stockholders (values in millions, except per share values) Alumis Discounted ACELYRIN Discounted 1 Cash Flow Analysis Exchange Ratio (Implied Ownership) Cash Flow Analysis Equity Value Equity Value $621 -
$923 $481 - $602 ACELYRIN low ACELYRIN high 2 2 vs. vs. Equity Value Per Share Equity Value Per Share Alumis high Alumis low 0.2890x 0.5119x $11.10 - $15.88 $4.59 - $5.68 (34%) (49%) Based on ACELYRIN's Adjusted Based on ACELYRIN Management 3,4 3,4
Financial Projections for Alumis Projections Discount rate of 14.5% to 12.5% Discount rate of 15.25% to 13.25% Pre-Announcement At-Market Improved Exchange Ratio: 0.4814x Exchange Ratio: 0.2883x Implied Ownership: 48% 1. All exchange
ratios have been calculated using unrounded amounts. 2. Share prices are shown rounded to two digits. 3. The Joint Proxy/Prospectus contains a detailed summary of the financial analyses performed by Guggenheim Securities in connection with its
February 6, 2025 Presentation to the ACELYRIN board. Guggenheim Securities analyses were subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations, qualifications and other conditions contained in the February
6, 2025 Presentation and related fairness opinion, and were necessarily based on economic, business, capital markets and other conditions, and the information made available to Guggenheim Securities as of the date of such presentation and fairness
opinion. 4. Excludes synergies and transactions costs. 12

The ACELYRIN Transaction Committee Secured Multiple Improvements in
Economic Terms Despite a Declining ACELYRIN Share Price Original Improved Transaction Terms Transaction Terms Conducted rigorous, objective and Additional Ph1b/2 data and Ph3 Announced 2/6 Announced 4/21 competitive process including development
plan for consideration of potential alternative ACELYRIN Transaction Committee reacted to Lonigutamab announced transactions over ~7 months feedback from stockholders and continued negotiations resulting in improved deal terms ~48% 45% ~45% 42% 40%
40% 2 Date 5/29/2024 1/2/2025 1/10/2025 1/12/2025 2/6/2025 4/21/25 1 3 Implied Offer Exchange Ratio N/A 0.3486x 0.3783x 0.4274x 0.4274x 0.4814x 4 ACELYRIN Share Price $4.08 $3.30 $2.06 $2.06 $1.90 $1.90 4 Alumis Share Price N/A $8.22 $7.00 $7.00
$6.59 $6.59 Implied Market Exchange Ratio N/A 0.4015x 0.2943x 0.2943x 0.2883x 0.2883x 5 Implied Premium / (Discount) N/A (13%) +29% +45% +48% +67% 1. Based on the Companys capital structure as of 1/31/25. 4. Unaffected share price as of
2/6/25. 2. Date of Alumis first indication of interest. 5. Going-in implied premium based on 2/6/25 prices and the Improved Exchange Ratio of 0.4814x. 3. Shown at Original Exchange Ratio as no changes in ownership between 1/12/25 and
announcement. 13 % Ownership

The ACELYRIN Board Believes that the Combination with Alumis is
Expected to be Value Accretive to ACELYRIN Stockholders Via Synergies, Scale and Shared Ownership of a Diversified Portfolio Opportunity to participate in significant upside from 1Q26 ESK-001 pivotal readout and future Lonigutamab catalysts
ACELYRIN Equity Value Per Share Implied Per Share Values Based on the February 6, 2025 1 Trading Values 4 Presentation ACELYRINs stockholders are receiving a significant going-in premium (based on Alumis 4/17 
ACELYRINs stockholders are expected to experience trading VWAP since announcement Improved Exchange Ratio) vs. 2/6 unaffected ACELYRIN significant DCF-based value accretion (Pro Forma Synergized trading price DCF per share 
Improved Exchange Ratio) vs. ACELYRIN Standalone DCF per share $8.96 49% going-in implied premium to ACELYRIN $5.68 2 stockholders $6.90 $2.83 $4.59 $2.20 $1.90 4/17 Implied Implied Per Share Price Implied Per Share Price 2/6 Unaffected 4/17
ACELYRIN Consideration per Reflected in ACELYRIN Based on the Pro Forma ACELYRIN Trading Trading Price ACELYRIN Share Based on Standalone DCF Analysis DCF Analysis in the Price Alumis Trading VWAP in the February 6, 2025 February 6, 2025 3 4 Since
Announcment Presentation Presentation (Synergized) and Adjusted for the 1. Based on ACELYRIN or Alumis closing prices (NASDAQ). 4 2. Based on implied consideration per ACELYRIN share divided by 2/6 unaffected ACELYRIN trading price. Improved
Exchange Ratio 3. Implied value per ACELYRIN share based on Alumis trading volume weighted average price of $5.88 multiplied by the Improved Exchange Ratio of 0.4814x. 4. The Joint Proxy/Prospectus contains a detailed summary of the financial
analyses performed by Guggenheim Securities in connection with its February 6, 2025 Presentation to the ACELYRIN board. Guggenheim Securities' analyses were subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations,
qualifications and other conditions contained in the February 6, 2025 Presentation and related fairness opinion, and were necessarily based on economic, business, capital markets and other conditions, and the information made available to Guggenheim
Securities as of the date of such presentation and fairness opinion. The implied per share Standalone DCF Analysis equity values set forth above are based on the range of implied equity values calculated in the ACELYRIN Standalone DCF Analysis in
the February 6, 2025 Presentation. The implied per share Pro Forma DCF Analysis (Synergized) equity values set forth above are based on the range of implied equity values calculated in the Pro Forma DCF Analysis (Synergized) in the February 6, 2025
Presentation and have been adjusted to reflect the Improved Exchange Ratio in lieu of the Original Exchange Ratio. 14

Research Analyst Reactions Were Favorable Toward The Strategic Merger
Announcement, Even Prior to ACELYRIN Negotiating Improved Terms We believe this [strategic merger] is a It's refreshing to see a capital-efficient Merger with SLRN relieves financing smart idea as it diversifies the assets and
business combination like the one overhang while delivering a potential provides the cash to execute on announced by ALMS and SLRN this Phase 3-ready asset; reiterate development. Specifically, this would afternoonWe want to see more of these
outperform create a pro forma cash position of business combinations in our industry ~$737M (as of December 31, 2024), and applaud the Boards and which ALMS projects to provide runway Management teams of both companies through key
readouts and planned operations into 2027 2/6/25 2/6/25 2/6/25 ACELYRIN Research Alumis Research Alumis Research Source: Wall Street Equity Research. 15

Combination Creates a Leading Clinical-Stage Immunology Company with a
Diversified Portfolio of Product Candidates 16

Creating a Leading I&I Company with Multiple Upcoming Expected
Development Milestones and Extended Runway into 2027 Creates a late-stage clinical biopharma company dedicated to innovating, developing and commercializing transformative therapies for immune-mediated diseases Differentiated
pipeline with multiple upcoming milestones expected, including: Topline data from Phase 3 ONWARD trials for ESK-001 in Moderate-to- Severe Plaque Psoriasis expected to readout in 1Q 2026 Topline data from Phase 2b LUMUS trial for
ESK-001 in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus on track for readout in 2026 Phase 2 clinical trial initiation for A-005 in Multiple Sclerosis in 2H 2025 Finalize clinical development plan for Lonigutamab in mid-2025 Pro forma cash
of ~$737 million as of December 31, 2024, provides runway into 2027 beyond multiple expected clinical readouts Combined company to benefit from world-class leadership team with proven track record of operating discipline and capital
efficiency 17

Late-Stage Pipeline with Multiple Near-Term Catalysts Clinical
Development Plan to be finalized mid-2025 Abbreviations: PsA = Psoriatic Arthritis; IBD = Inflammatory Bowel Disease; PAR = Parkinsons Disease; AD = Alzheimers Disease. 18

The Alumis Management Team has the Right Experience and Expertise to
Effectively Deploy a Clinical Development Plan for Lonigutamab and Maximize the Value of the Full Pipeline Martin Babler John Schroer Jrn Drappa MD, PhD Jack Danilkowicz President, CEO and Chairman Chief Financial Officer Chief Medical Officer
(CMO) Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) Former President and CEO of Former CFO of ArsenalBio and Former CMO at Ventyx Former SVP of Commercial Principia Biopharma, until its Translate Bio before its Co-founded
Viela Bio, an I&I / Strategy at Amgen acquisition by Sanofi in October acquisition by Sanofi in August Ophthalmology focused biotech Spent a decade at Horizon, where 2020 2021 company acquired by Horizon he played a pivotal role in the
Previously VP of Immunology Held Portfolio Manager and Rheumatologist with over 25 launch of TEPEZZA, the Sales and Marketing at Senior Analyst investment roles years of experience in developing blockbuster medicine for
Thyroid Genentech across the life sciences industry novel treatments for I&I diseases Eye Disease Alumis is the right partner for ACELYRIN to continue a clinical development plan for Lonigutamab The Alumis team has significant
experience in optimizing PK/PD and target product profile Team members also have meaningful ophthalmology expertise, including the CMO who is the former co-founder and CMO of Viela Bio and the CCO who is the former SVP of Commercial Strategy
at Amgen and Horizon and was responsible for overseeing Amgen / Horizons TEPEZZA franchise The team brings to bear R&D success as well as a proprietary data and analytics platform to support pipeline advancement Members of
the current Lonigutamab team are expected to join Alumis to provide insight, expertise, and to continue driving development 19

The Combined Company Provides Multiple Late-Stage Assets and a Proven
Leadership Team that Together Offers Significant Upside vs. Clinical-Stage Immunology Peers 1 2 Market Cap ($B) $0.5 $0.6 $0.8 $1.2 $1.3 $1.4 $2.0 $2.5 $2.6 1 3 Enterprise Value ($B) ($0.2) $0.4 $0.2 $0.5 $0.6 $0.8 $1.5 $2.0 $2.2 Multiple Late 4 5
Stage (Phase 3 / POOOPPOOP Phase 2) Assets Portfolio Pivotal Readout in the Next ~12 POOOPPOPP Months CEO with Prior Public Company CEO Experience
POOOOOOOO and Public Leadership / Company Exit Resources 6 >$700M of Cash POOPPOPOP 1. FactSet and Viridian company filings. Data as of 4/17/25. 5. Second asset MAU868
completed a Phase 2 trial for reactivated BK virus infections in 2022. 2. Based on the pro forma capital structure as implied by the Improved Exchange Ratio of 0.4814x and the terms of the merger 6. Moonlake has access to up to $500M in
multi-tranche non-dilutive financing of which $75M is currently available. agreement. 3. Not including $40M of upfront and near-term co-development payments from Kaken. 4. Viridians late-stage assets comprise two assets that share a binding
domain Veligrotug and VRDN-003. 20

Independent Board Committee Ran a Thorough Process to Review Multiple
Alternatives and Optimize Terms From Alumis 21

Comprehensive ACELYRIN Strategic Process Led by a Highly Experienced
and Accomplished Independent Transaction Committee Henry Gosebruch | Chairman of the Beth Seidenberg, MD Bruce C. Cozadd | Chairman of the Board Transaction Committee Founding Managing Director of Chairman and CEO of Jazz Pharmaceuticals Former
President and CEO of Neumora Westlake BioPartners Joined Board in March 2022 (pre-IPO) Joined Board in March 2023 (pre-IPO) Joined Board in October 2020 (pre-IPO) Co-founder and CEO of Jazz Former CEO of Neumora Managing
Director and Founder of Pharmaceuticals, a public biopharma Previously served as Chief Strategy Westlake Village BioPartners, a life company with a market capitalization Officer of AbbVie from December 2015 sciences venture capital firm of
~$6B and ~$4B of FY24 sales; Bruce to February 2023 Previously GP at Kleiner Perkins has served as Chairperson and CEO of Previously Co-head of JP Morgan Has incubated and invested in more Jazz since April 2009 North America
M&A; part of JP than 40 biotech companies since 2005 Previously served as EVP and COO of Morgans M&A team for 20+ years across various therapeutic areas ALZA Corporation until its acquisition where he was responsible for deals
Former CMO at Amgen with extensive by J&J for ~$11B in March 2001 representing over $375B in transaction experience developing I&I assets value (including ENBREL) Founding Venture Investor in ACELYRIN Disinterested Stockholder
Source: Public company filings and FactSet as of 4/17/25. 22

Supported by Disinterested and Independent Directors with Directly
Applicable Expertise Dan Becker, MD, PhD Dawn Svoronos Lynn Tetrault, JD Managing Director, Former President of the Europe & Canada Former EVP of Human Resources and Access Biotechnology region for Merck & Co Corporate Affairs at AstraZeneca
Joined Board in September 2022 (pre-IPO) Joined Board in December 2022 (pre-IPO) Joined Board in December 2023 Managing Director at Access Bio, the 23 year tenure at Merck & Co 20+ year tenure at AstraZeneca biopharma
investment arm of Access culminating in President of Europe & culminating in EVP of HR and Industries Canada Corporate Affairs Formerly a Principal at New Leaf Currently serves on the boards of Currently serves on the
boards of Venture Partners Xenon (Chair), Adverum, Neogenomics (Chair) and Rhythm Has invested in multiple immunology Theratechnologies and AgNovos M&A / organizational integration HR companies including Nimbus Commercial
pharmaceutical industry expertise Therapeutics (TYK2 lead asset) expertise Disinterested Stockholder 23

The ACELYRIN Board Conducted a Rigorous, Objective and Competitive
Process Board undertook an extensive process that began in 2Q 2024 and resulted in the proposed strategic merger with Alumis This process included interactions with ~25 potential counterparties and the exploration of a wide variety of potential
transactions prior to signing the definitive merger agreement The Board thoroughly evaluated two additional offers which emerged post signing of the definitive merger agreement 1 In response to market changes and shareholder feedback, the Board,
additionally, successfully negotiated a ~7% ownership increase in the combined company post signing of the definitive merger agreement The strategic merger is unanimously recommended and approved by the disinterested and independent directors The
proposed strategic merger with Alumis offers an opportunity for substantial value accretion which the Board believes is well above the intrinsic standalone value of ACELYRIN The Board believes that the proposed merger offers a greater likelihood of
maximizing the opportunity for Lonigutamab while adding assets, resources and talent for substantial long term value accretion 1. 48% of the combined company (ACELYRINs approximate pro forma ownership based on the improved 4/21 terms) is a
~7% improvement to ACELYRIN shareholders (vs. 45% under original 2/6 terms). 24

The ACELYRIN Board was Focused on Intrinsic Value and Value-Creation
Potential, but Also Closely Monitored the Implied Market Value $12.00 Strategic Merger Strategic Merger Proxy Publicly Filed Announcement $10.00 Alumis $8.22 $8.00 $6.59 $6.00 ACELYRIN $5.00 Implied consideration Implied consideration per $3.30 per
ACELYRIN share ACELYRIN share based on $4.00 1 based on the Improved Additional Ph1b/2 data and Ph3 original 2/6 deal terms 4 Exchange Ratio development plan for $2.82 $2.41 Lonigutamab announced $2.20 $2.00 $2.14 $2.20 $1.90 2 3 Tang Offer :
Company D Offer : $3.00 upfront $2.70 upfront + CVR + up to $3.00 CVR 1/2 1/9 1/16 1/23 1/30 2/6 2/13 2/20 2/27 3/6 3/13 3/20 3/27 4/3 4/10 4/17 Source: Public company filings and FactSet as of 4/17/25. 1. Implied value per ACELYRIN share
based on Alumis closing price multiplied by the Original Exchange Ratio of 0.4274x. 2. 2/20/25, the ACELYRIN Board received an unsolicited indication of interest from Concentra Biosciences, LLC, of which Tang Capital Partners, LP is the controlling
shareholder (the Tang Proposal). 3/4/25 ACELYRIN issued a press release that the Tang Proposal was not, and would not reasonably be expected to result in, a superior proposal. 3. 3/18/25, the ACELYRIN Board received an unsolicited
indication of interest from Company D. 3/24/25 Company D informed ACELYRIN that it would no longer pursue discussions regarding a potential acquisition of ACELYRIN. 4. Implied value per ACELYRIN share based on Alumis closing price multiplied by the
Improved Exchange Ratio of 0.4814x. 25

The ACELYRIN Board Did Not Believe the Tang Acquisition Would Lead to a
Superior Proposal In accordance with its fiduciary duties, the ACELYRIN Board thoroughly evaluated and considered the Tang Proposal at the time of receipt, with the assistance of outside legal and financial advisors Specifically, the
Board discussed the following considerations against the expected value to ACELYRIN stockholders presented by the Tang Proposal The potential value to ACELYRIN stockholders from the continued development of the Lonigutamab program by the
post- closing combined company through the planned strategic merger with Alumis The potential benefits to ACELYRIN stockholders of the increased scale and complementary attributes of the combined company through the Alumis strategic merger,
including the differentiated and late-stage portfolio, the significant capital of the combined company and the depth and experience of the combined companys leadership team as well as other cost synergies The Board also considered the
additional potential value that could be delivered to ACERLYRIN stockholders by receiving equity in the post-closing combined company as compared to the specified cash and CVR value presented by the Tang Proposal The Board additionally
reviewed Tang Capitals bidding history with other companies After a thorough evaluation, the Board believes that the planned strategic merger with Alumis represents the most value maximizing path forward for ACELYRIN stockholders
26

The Combination Could Be Transformative to ACELYRINs Business
Standalone ACELYRIN Combined Company ESK-001 Lonigutamab Deep Pipeline of Product Candidates Lonigutamab A-005 Differentiated Assets IRF5 Additional Targets Mid-2025: Finalize Plan for
Lonigutamab Multiple 2H25: A-005 MS Phase 2 Initiation Anticipated rd Previously announced start of Phase 3 2H25: IND Filing for 3 Clinical Candidate Near-Term Upcoming Milestones program in Q1 2025 with topline data
in 2H 2025: Once-Daily Formulation Established for ESK-001 Milestones 2026 1Q26: ESK-001 PsO Phase 3 Topline Data Including Major 2026: ESK-001 SLE Phase 2b Topline Data 2026: A-005 MS Phase 2
Topline Data Catalysts PsO Substantial Market Potential Across Clinical-Stage SLE TED Immune-Mediated Diseases, Totaling Indications TED 1 $60B+ MS Additional immunological indications Broad Potential
for Potential Additional (e.g, PsA, cutaneous lupus, IBD, etc.) Additional Indications Other neuroinflammatory or neurodegenerative Indications indications (e.g. PAR, AD, etc.) 1. GlobalData, market research reports; Market size estimates
for 2030 worldwide. 27

The ACELYRIN Board Believes that the Strategic Merger with Alumis is
Value Maximizing for ACELYRIN Stockholders The Alumis Merger Provides Significant Potential Upside For ACELYRIN Stockholders The combination provides the opportunity to participate in the potential upside from Phase 3 data for Alumis
lead program expected in 1Q26 and a combined pipeline with multiple upcoming milestones expected, with ACELYRIN stockholders retaining significant (~48%) ownership of the combined company, on a fully diluted basis The pro forma discounted
cash flow analysis reviewed by the ACELYRIN board implies a range of illustrative pro forma equity values per share of ACELYRIN common stock of $6.90 to $8.96 1 (inclusive of realized net synergies) based on the Pro Forma DCF analysis reviewed in
the February 6, 2025 Presentation and adjusted for the improved 4/21 terms Prior to the announcement of the strategic merger with Alumis, the market valued ACELYRIN at less than cash value despite Lonigutamabs potential to be a
differentiated medicine in a large and growing market The ACELYRIN board believes that the combination with Alumis will be significantly value accretive to ACELYRIN stockholders as a result of synergies and scale to be achieved through the
proposed merger as well as reduced execution risk versus a standalone path as a single asset company Combination Creates a Leading Clinical-Stage Immunology Company with a Diversified Portfolio of Product Candidates Combination with Alumis
is the best path forward to unlock Lonigutamabs value and the combined company is well-capitalized with runway through impactful catalysts into 2027 Combined companys management team is well-positioned to execute and create
value, including by unlocking the value of Lonigutamab. Alumis has meaningful ophthalmology expertiseits Chief Medical Officer was the CMO and co-founder of Viela Bio and its Chief Commercial Officer ran the TEPEZZA franchise at Amgen /
Horizon Members of ACELYRINs Lonigutamab team are expected to join Alumis (clinical, CMC and regulatory) Combined company is well-positioned relative to publicly traded clinical-stage immunology peers, with the potential for
significant upside Independent Board Committee Ran a Thorough Process to Review Multiple Alternatives and Optimize Terms From Alumis The transaction process was spearheaded by an independent and highly accomplished Transaction Committee with
extensive financial and biopharmaceutical company experience The Transaction Committee secured multiple improvements in deal terms, including increasing ownership in the combined company from 40% to 48%, despite a declining ACELYRIN share
price This process included interactions with ~25 potential counterparties over ~7 months, the exploration of a wide variety of potential transactions, robust evaluation of additional offers that emerged post signing of the definitive merger
agreement, improved deal terms post signing of the 2/6 merger agreement in response to stockholder feedback and is unanimously recommended and approved by the disinterested and independent directors The ACELYRIN Board is confident the Alumis
strategic merger maximizes the potential value for ACELYRIN stockholders 1. The Joint Proxy/Prospectus contains a detailed summary of the financial analyses performed by Guggenheim Securities in connection with its February 6, 2025 Presentation.
Guggenheim Securities analyses were subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations, qualifications and other conditions contained in the February 6, 2025 Presentation and related fairness opinion and
were necessarily based on economic, business, capital markets and other conditions, and the information made available to Guggenheim Securities, as of the date of such presentation and fairness opinion. Range of illustrative pro forma equity values
per share of ACELYRIN common stock reflects the Improved Exchange Ratio in lieu of the Original Exchange Ratio used in the February 6, 2025 Presentation. 28

VOTE FOR THE MERGER PROPOSAL VOTE FOR COMPELLING VALUE FOR ACELYRIN
STOCKHOLDERS For more information or assistance with voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Sodali & Co 333 Ludlow Street, 5th Floor, South Tower Stamford, CT 06902 Email: SLRN@investor.sodali.com Toll-Free: (800) 662-5200
29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d849091dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Alumis and ACELYRIN Announce Amended Merger Agreement 

ACELYRIN stockholders to receive increased ownership in the combined company through revised exchange ratio; Alumis and ACELYRIN
stockholders to now own approximately 52% and 48%, respectively, of the combined company on a fully diluted basis 

Merger maximizes
the potential value for ACELYRIN stockholders and creates a stronger combined company, best-positioned to realize long-term value of multiple late-stage assets 

ACELYRIN files investor presentation highlighting benefits of proposed merger and comprehensive Board process 

Special Meeting of Stockholders for both companies to be held May 13, 2025 

SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. and LOS ANGELES, Calif. April 21, 2025 Alumis Inc. (Nasdaq: ALMS),a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company developing therapies using a precision approach to optimize clinical outcomes and significantly improve the lives of patients with immune-mediated diseases, and ACELYRIN, INC. (Nasdaq: SLRN), a late-stage clinical biopharma
company focused on accelerating the development and delivery of transformative medicines in immunology, today announced an amendment to the existing terms of their previously announced merger agreement. 

Under the terms of the amended agreement, ACELYRIN stockholders will now receive 0.4814 shares of Alumis common stock for each share of ACELYRIN common stock
owned, representing a meaningful increase in the ownership percentage of the combined company over the original definitive merger agreement. With the amended exchange ratio, Alumis stockholders will own approximately 52% of the combined company and
ACELYRIN stockholders will own approximately 48% on a fully diluted basis. 

Martin Babler, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Alumis,
said, In recognition of the current market conditions and evolving investor expectations for a successful combination, we have revised the terms of our agreement with ACELYRIN, enabling enhanced value creation opportunities for our respective
stockholders. This was carefully considered by our Board of Directors and we continue to firmly believe in the merits of the transaction. This merger provides Alumis the best opportunity to significantly enhance our financial flexibility and runway
to advance an expanded late-stage pipeline with multiple near-term development milestones and build commercial capabilities to maximize the value of our portfolio for patients and stockholders. We will continue to work closely with ACELYRIN to
successfully complete the transaction and deliver on its significant benefits. 

Bruce Cozadd, Chair of the ACELYRIN Board of Directors and member of
the Board Transaction Committee, said, Since announcing the merger, we have had extensive conversations with our stockholders who have expressed an understanding of the strategic rationale for this transaction, while also sharing their
perspectives on the value provided to ACELYRIN stockholders. This amended agreement reflects this dialogue with stockholders and meaningfully builds upon the previously announced agreement, which was the result of a rigorous, objective, and
competitive process facilitated by the ACELYRIN Board. Because of the Boards continued efforts, our stockholders now stand to benefit from a greater interest in Alumis long-term upside potential. We continue to believe that this
combination is the most value-maximizing path forward for ACELYRIN stockholders and that Alumis is the right partner to optimize development of lonigutamab. 

ACELYRIN also filed today an investor presentation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) highlighting additional details and benefits of the amended merger agreement, including: 

The Alumis merger provides significant potential upside for ACELYRIN stockholders; 

The combination creates a leading clinical-stage immunology company with a diversified portfolio of product
candidates; 

ACELYRINs Independent Board Committee ran a thorough process to review multiple alternatives and optimize
terms from Alumis; and 

With a pro forma cash position of approximately $737 million as of December 31, 2024, and continued
operating discipline, Alumis expects runway to advance the combined companys pipeline through multiple planned key data readouts across several clinical trials and to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2027.

The presentation is available on ACLEYRINs investor relations website at https://investors.acelyrin.com/. 

Additional Details 

The amended merger agreement was
unanimously recommended and approved by the disinterested directors of each companys Board. As previously announced, Stockholders representing approximately 62% of Alumis voting common stock and approximately 24% of ACELYRIN common stock have
entered into voting agreements in support of the transaction. 

Alumis and ACELYRIN intend to file supplemental proxy materials with the Securities and
Exchange Commission promptly. The companies continue to expect to close the transaction during the second quarter of 2025, subject to the approval by both companies stockholders and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. 

As previously disclosed, Alumis and ACELYRIN will hold its respective Special Meeting of Stockholders on May 13, 2025, and stockholders of record as of
the close of business on April 1, 2025, are entitled to vote at the Special Meetings. 

Advisors 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is serving as financial advisor to Alumis, and Cooley LLP is serving as its legal counsel. Guggenheim Securities, LLC is
serving as financial advisor to ACELYRIN and Fenwick & West LLP and Paul Hastings LLP are serving as legal counsel. 

About Alumis 

Alumis is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing oral therapies using a precision approach to optimize clinical outcomes and significantly
improve the lives of patients with immune-mediated diseases. Leveraging its proprietary precision data analytics platform, Alumis is building a pipeline of molecules with the potential to address a broad range of immune-mediated diseases as
monotherapy or combination therapies. Alumis most advanced product candidate, ESK-001, is an oral, highly selective, small molecule, allosteric inhibitor of tyrosine kinase 2 that is currently being
evaluated for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and systemic lupus erythematosus. Alumis is also developing A-005, a CNS-penetrant, allosteric TYK2 inhibitor for the treatment of neuroinflammatory and neurodegenerative diseases. Beyond TYK2, Alumis proprietary precision data
analytics platform and drug discovery expertise have led to the identification of additional preclinical programs that exemplify its precision approach. Incubated by Foresite Labs and led by a team of industry veterans experienced in small-molecule
compound drug development for immune-mediated diseases, Alumis is pioneering a precision approach to drug development to potentially produce the next generation of treatment to address immune dysfunction. 

About ACELYRIN 

ACELYRIN, INC. (Nasdaq: SLRN) is focused on providing patients life-changing new treatment options by identifying, acquiring, and accelerating the development
and commercialization of transformative medicines. ACELYRINs lead program, lonigutamab, is a subcutaneously delivered monoclonal antibody targeting IGF-1R being investigated for the treatment of thyroid
eye disease. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This
communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based upon current plans,
estimates and expectations of management of Alumis Inc. (Alumis) and ACELYRIN, Inc. (ACELYRIN) in light of historical results and trends, current conditions and potential future developments, and are subject to various risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates and expectations will be achieved. Words
such as anticipate, expect, project, intend, believe, may, will, should, plan, could, continue, target,
contemplate, estimate, forecast, guidance, predict, possible, potential, pursue, likely, and words and terms of similar substance used in
connection with any discussion of future plans, actions or events identify forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, including express or implied statements regarding the proposed transaction; the
conversion of equity interests contemplated by the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of February 6, 2025, as amended on April 20, 2025, by and among the parties (as amended, the merger agreement); the issuance of common
stock of Alumis contemplated by the merger agreement; the expected filing by Alumis with the Securities and Exchanges Commission (the SEC) of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the
registration statement) and a joint proxy statement/prospectus of Alumis and ACELYRIN to be included therein (the joint proxy statement/prospectus); the expected timing of the closing of the proposed transaction; the ability
of the parties to complete the proposed transaction considering the various closing conditions; the expected benefits of the proposed transaction; the sufficiency of the combined companys capital resources; the combined companys cash
runway, which is preliminary, unaudited and subject to change; the competitive ability and position of the combined company; the clinical pipeline of the combined company; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking
statements. 

Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, (i) the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely basis
or at all, which may adversely affect Alumis and ACELYRINs businesses and the price of their respective securities; (ii) the potential failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approvals of the proposed
transaction, including stockholder approvals by both Alumis stockholders and ACELYRINS stockholders, and the potential failure to satisfy the other conditions to the consummation of the transaction; (iii) the effect of the
announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on each of Alumis or ACELYRINs ability to attract, motivate, retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with partners, suppliers and others with whom

Alumis or ACELYRIN does business, or on Alumis or ACELYRINs operating results and business generally; (iv) that the proposed transaction may divert managements attention
from each of Alumis and ACELYRINs ongoing business operations; (v) the risk of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction or otherwise, or the impact of the proposed transaction thereupon, including resulting expense
or delay; (vi) that Alumis or ACELYRIN may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (vii) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger
agreement , including in circumstances which would require Alumis or ACELYRIN to pay a termination fee; (viii) the risk that restrictions during the pendency of the proposed transaction may impact Alumis or ACELYRINs ability to
pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; (ix) the risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (x) the impact of
legislative, regulatory, economic, competitive and technological changes; (xi) risks relating to the value of Alumis securities to be issued in the proposed transaction; (xii) the risk that integration of the proposed transaction
post-closing may not occur as anticipated or the combined company may not be able to achieve the growth prospects expected from the transaction; (xiii) the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on the
market price of the common stock of each of Alumis and ACELYRIN; (xiv) the implementation of each of Alumis and ACELYRINs business model and strategic plans for product candidates and pipeline, and challenges inherent in developing,
commercializing, manufacturing, launching, marketing and selling potential existing and new products and product candidates; (xv) the scope, progress, results and costs of developing Alumis and ACELYRINs product candidates and any
future product candidates, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and otherwise related to the research and development of Alumis and ACELYRINs pipeline; (xvi) the timing and costs involved in obtaining and
maintaining regulatory approval for Alumis and ACELYRINs current or future product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations and/or warnings in the label of any approved product; (xvii) the market for, adoption
(including rate and degree of market acceptance) and pricing and reimbursement of Alumis and ACELYRINs product candidates, if approved, and their respective abilities to compete with therapies and procedures that are rapidly growing and
evolving; (xviii) uncertainties in contractual relationships, including collaborations, partnerships, licensing or other arrangements and the performance of third-party suppliers and manufacturers; (xix) the ability of each of Alumis and
ACELYRIN to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for products or avoid or defend claims of infringement; (xx) Alumis ability to successfully integrate ACELYRINs operations and personnel; and (xxi) potential
delays in initiating, enrolling or completing preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

These risks, as well as other risks related to the proposed
transaction, will be described in the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here and the list of factors to be
presented in the registration statement are considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. For additional information about other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Alumis and ACELYRINs respective periodic reports and other filings with the SEC, including the risk factors identified in Alumis
and ACELYRINs most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described above and in the SEC filings cited above are not exclusive and further information concerning Alumis and
ACELYRIN and their respective businesses, including factors that potentially could materially affect their respective businesses, financial conditions or operating results, may emerge from time to time. Readers are urged to consider these factors
carefully in evaluating these forward-looking statements, and not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Readers should also carefully review the risk factors described in other documents
Alumis and ACELYRIN file from time to time with the SEC. 

The forward-looking statements included in this communication are made only as of the date hereof. Alumis
assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as required by law. 

Additional Information and Where to Find It 

In
connection with the proposed merger, Alumis intends to file with the SEC the registration statement, which will include the joint proxy statement/prospectus. After the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, the joint proxy
statement/prospectus will be delivered to stockholders of Alumis and ACELYRIN. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION, SECURITY HOLDERS OF ALUMIS AND ACELYRIN ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE MERGER THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED MERGER. Investors and security holders will be able to
obtain copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed by Alumis and ACELYRIN with the SEC, without charge, through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the
SEC by Alumis will be available free of charge under the SEC Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of Alumis website at https://investors.alumis.com/. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by ACELYRIN will be available free of
charge under the Financials & Filings heading of the Investor Relations section of ACELYRINs website at https://investors.acelyrin.com/. 

Participants in the Solicitation 

Alumis and ACELYRIN and
their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about Alumis directors and executive officers is set forth in the
registration statement, which includes the joint proxy statement/prospectus. Information about ACELYRINs directors and executive officers is set forth in ACELYRINs Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
was filed with the SEC on March 19, 2025. Stockholders may obtain additional information regarding the interests of such participants by reading the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials
filed with the SEC regarding the proposed merger when they become available. Investors should read the joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. 

No Offer or Solicitation 

This communication shall not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Alumis Contacts 

Investor Relations 

Teri Dahlman 

Red House Communications 

teri@redhousecomms.com 

Or 

MacKenzie Partners, Inc. 

proxy@mackenziepartners.com 

(800)
322-2885

Media 

Jim
Golden / Jack Kelleher / Tali Epstein Collected Strategies Alumis-CS@collectedstrategies.com

ACELYRIN, INC
Contacts 

Investor Relations and Media 

Tyler
Marciniak 

Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Operations 

tyler.marciniak@acelyrin.com 

or 

Sodali & Co 

SLRN@investor.sodali.com 

(800) 662-5200
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>slrn-20250420.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>slrn-20250420_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>slrn-20250420_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p10g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p11g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p12g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p13g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p14g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p15g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p16g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p17g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p18g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p19g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p1g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p20g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p21g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p22g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p23g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p24g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p25g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p26g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p27g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p28g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p29g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p2g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p3g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p4g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p5g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p6g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p7g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p8g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>g849091ex99_1p9g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001962918

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 20, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ACELYRIN, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-41696

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-2406735

Entity Address, Address Line One 4149 Liberty Canyon Road

Entity Address, City or Town Agoura Hills

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91301

City Area Code (805)

Local Phone Number 456-4393

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol SLRN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://acelyrin.com//20250420/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d849091d8k.htm 
slrn-20250420.xsd 
slrn-20250420_lab.xml 
slrn-20250420_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-086274-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>d849091d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001962918 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

false 
0001962918 
8-K 
2025-04-20 
ACELYRIN, INC. 
DE 
001-41696 
85-2406735 
4149 Liberty Canyon Road 
Agoura Hills 
CA 
91301 
(805) 
456-4393 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
SLRN 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>