<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001731122-25-000135.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001731122-25-000135.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130160426
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-25-000135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				821510982
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40064
		FILM NUMBER:		25573636

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1055 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-727-4597

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1055 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Virpax Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170602
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e6318_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000170833100017083312025-01-272025-01-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
27, 2025

Virpax
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40064 82-1510982

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.)

1055 Westlakes Drive, Suite 300

Berwyn, PA19312

(Address of principal executive
offices, including zip code)

(610)727-4597

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address,
if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class: Trading
Symbol Name
of Each Exchange on which Registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.00001 per share VRPX The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January
27, 2025, Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency
Agreement) with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent), and a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a reasonable best efforts public
offering (the Offering) (i) 3,450,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001
per share (the Common Stock), and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 26,550,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded
Warrants) at an offering price of $0.20 per Share, less $0.00001 per Pre-Funded Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of $6,000,000,
assuming the full exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, and before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. As part
of its compensation for acting as Placement Agent for the Offering, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 2.5% of the aggregate
gross proceeds, in addition to 1.0% of the gross proceeds for non-accountable expenses, and reimbursed the Placement Agent for other expenses
incurred by the Placement Agent, including legal fees. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering to fund development
activities for commencing a clinical trial for Probudur, the Companys formulation injected at a wound site to provide pain
relief, $2,000,000 for marketing and advertising services, as well as other general corporate purposes.

On January
29, 2025, the Company entered into an investor relations agreement (the IR Agreement) with IR Agency LLC (the Consultant).
Under the IR Agreement, the Consultant will provide marketing and advertising services to promote the Company to the financial community.
In consideration for these services, the Company will pay the Consultant a fee, for an initial term of one month, after which it may be
extended by mutual agreement, of one million seven hundred thousand U.S. Dollars ($1,700,000), payable in cash. Either party may terminate
the IR Agreement at any time by providing written notice. A copy of the IR Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference.

On January
30, 2025, the Company entered into an investor relations agreement (the Marketing Agreement) with Sideways Frequency LLC
(Sideways). Under the Marketing Agreement, Sideways will provide marketing and advertising services to promote the Company
to the financial community. In consideration for these services, the Company will pay Sideways a fee, for an initial term of one month,
after which it may be extended by mutual agreement, of three hundred thousand U.S. Dollars ($300,000), payable in cash. Either party may
terminate the Marketing Agreement at any time by providing written notice. A copy of the Marketing Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.4
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference.

The Offering closed on January 29, 2025. The securities sold in the Offering
were offered and sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284089), which was initially filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on December 30, 2024, and amended on January 15, 2025 and January 17, 2025, and
declared effective by the Commission on January 27, 2025.

The foregoing
description of the material terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrant, the IR Agreement
and the IR Agreement II is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Placement Agency
Agreement, Purchase Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrant, the IR Agreement and the Marketing Agreement, filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 4.1, 10.3
and 10.4, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On January
28, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit
99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. On January 30, 2025, the Company issued
a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form
of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.1 Form
of Placement Agency Agreement

10.2 Form
of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.3 Form
of Investor Relations Agreement, by and between the Company and IR Agency LLC

10.4 Form
of Marketing Agreement, by and between the Company and Sideways Frequency LLC

99.1 Press
Release dated January 28, 2025, announcing the pricing of the Offering

99.2 Press
Release dated January 30, 2025, announcing the closing of the Offering

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Signature

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Dated: January 30, 2025 By: /s/ Jatinder Dhaliwal

Jatinder Dhaliwal

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>e6318_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 4.1

PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC.

Warrant Shares: [_______] Initial Exercise Date: _______, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARES PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation incorporated under
the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), up to ______ Common Shares, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price,
as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated _______, 2025, among the Company and the purchaser(s) signatory thereto. In addition
to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of
the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Share so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Pre-Funded Warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement and the Purchase Agreement
on or around the date hereof.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or
in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of
a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer in United States dollars unless the cashless exercise
procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall lower the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this
paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder
at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.00001
per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration
(other than the nominal exercise price of $0.00001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect
any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate
exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised
prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $0.00001,
subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
If at the time of exercise hereof, there is no effective registration statement registering the Warrant Shares or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part by
means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are
issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Share on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Share as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than as a result of failure of the Holder to timely deliver the aggregate Exercise Price, unless the Warrant is validly exercised by means of a cashless exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of this Warrant to purchase Common Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of Common Shares that are beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of Common Shares that are issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without

limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. For purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination, and a submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Holder of the foregoing
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the
written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99%
(or, upon election by the Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of the Common Shares outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may
increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of the Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares
upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 2(e); provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of the Common Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with
the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give
effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common
Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller
number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case
the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately
after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common
Share Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common
Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase
Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or
sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase
Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in
such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and
such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) except to the extent an adjustment was already made pursuant to Section 3(a) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall
be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or

affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
(the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of
Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holders
holding Warrants to purchase at least a majority of the Common Shares underlying the then outstanding Warrants (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Shares
acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking
into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant
immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Holders holding Warrants to purchase at least a majority of the Common Shares underlying the then outstanding Warrants. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a Distribution on the Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 Trading Days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of
the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes.

Section 5. General Provisions.

a) No Rights as Shareholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.
Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to
receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle
an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of an affidavit of loss reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Weekends and Holidays.
If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading
Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles of
association or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such
increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally
issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable
the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law;
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations,
enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the courts of the State of
New York and of the United States of America, in each case sitting in the City and County of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is
an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that, such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of
this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant,
if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the
Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited
to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant
hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 1055 Westlakes Drive, Suite 300, Berwyn, PA 19312 Attention: Jatinder Dhaliwal, Chief Executive
Officer, email address: jdhaliwal@virpaxpharma.com or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company may specify
for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder
shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed
to each Holder at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or
other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or
communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day
that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the
date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously furnish such notice to the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Share or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment; Waiver.
This Warrant may be modified or amended (or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

wire transfer in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares
in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date: 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>e6318_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

Placement
Agency Agreement

January [],
2025

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

1055 Westlakes Drive, Suite 300

Berwyn, PA 19312

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (the Agreement)
constitutes the agreement between Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent) and Virpax Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), that the Placement Agent shall serve as the exclusive placement agent
for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed offering (the Placement)
of [] shares (the Shares) of common stock of the Company, par value
$0.00001 per share (the Common Stock), and/or pre-funded warrants to purchase Shares (the Pre-Funded Warrants
and together with the Shares, the Securities). The Securities actually placed by the Placement Agent are referred
to herein as the Placement Securities. The Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants will be offered and sold under the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284089).

The terms of the Placement are
to be mutually agreed upon by the Company and purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers)
signatories to securities purchase agreements (each, a Purchase Agreement and collectively, the Purchase
Agreements) and nothing herein confers upon the Placement Agent the power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser,
or constitutes an obligation for the Company to issue any Placement Securities or complete the Placement. The Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement
does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Placement Securities and does not ensure the successful placement
of the Placement Securities, or any portion thereof, or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing
on behalf of the Company. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected dealers on its behalf
in connection with the Placement, subject to the approval of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Certain affiliates
of the Placement Agent may participate in the Placement by purchasing some of the Placement Securities. The sale of Placement Securities
to any Purchaser will be evidenced by a Purchase Agreement between the Company and such Purchaser in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Company and the Purchaser.

Capitalized terms that are not
otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

(a) Representations and Warranties
of the Company. With respect to the Placement Securities, each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure
schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement, is
hereby incorporated herein by reference into this Agreement (as though fully stated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement and
as of the date of closing of the Placement (the Closing Date), hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.
In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that there are no affiliations with any firm member of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) participating in the Placement among the Companys officers, directors
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5.0%) or greater securityholder of the Company.

1

(b) Covenants of the Company.
The Company covenants and agrees to continue to retain (i) an independent public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (PCAOB) for a period of at least three (3) years after the Closing Date and (ii) a competent transfer
agent with respect to the Placement Securities for a period of three (3) years after the Closing Date. In addition, from the date hereof
until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, subject to certain exceptions provided for in the Purchase Agreement, neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except that such restriction shall not apply with respect to an Exempt Issuance (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement). In addition, from the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
shall effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS
OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA (ii) is registered
as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the securities laws
of each state in which an offer or sale of Placement Securities is made (unless such offer and sale is exempt from the securities laws
of any of such states), (iii) is a corporate body validly existing under the laws of its place of incorporation, and (iv) has full power
and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company
in writing of any change in its status with respect to clauses (i) through (iv) above. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use
its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and with applicable
law.

SECTION 3. COMPENSATION.
As consideration for the services provided by the Placement Agent hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent a cash fee of
2.5% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised from the sale of the Placement Securities (the Cash Fee).

SECTION 4. EXPENSES. The
Company agrees to pay all fees, disbursements and expenses in connection with the Offering, including, without limitation, the following:
(a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration with the Commission of the securities to be sold in the Placement;
(b) all communication and filing fees relating to the required review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses of registering
or qualifying the Placement under the securities or blue sky laws of such states or other jurisdictions as may be necessary
and specified by the Placement Agent; (d) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements; (e) roadshow expenses, including
the cost of the use of any third-party electronic road show service (such as Net Roadshow); (f) the cost of background checks of the Companys
directors and executive officers; (g) the costs of preparing, printing, mailing and delivering the registration statement, one or more,
if applicable, preliminary prospectuses and final prospectus contained therein and any pre-effective and post-effective amendments and
supplements thereto, any other offering materials, the Placement Agency Agreement and related documents (all in such quantities as the
Placement Agent may reasonably require); (h) preparing and printing stock certificates and warrant certificates; (i) the costs of any
due diligence meetings; (j) the preparation of leather bound volumes and Lucite cube mementos in such quantities as the
Placement Agent may reasonably request; (k) any applicable transfer taxes; (l) the fees of the Companys transfer agent and registrar
and of any warrant agent; (m) the fees and disbursements of counsel to the Placement Agent; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be responsible accountable expenses of Spartan hereunder in excess of $125,000. In addition, the Company agrees to pay
to the Placement Agent closing costs, which shall also include the reimbursement of the out-of-pocket cost of the escrow agent or clearing
agent, as applicable, which closing costs shall not exceed $20,000. The Company also agrees to pay to the Placement Agent, at the closing
of the Placement, a non-accountable expense allowance in the amount of 1% of the gross proceeds of the Placement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this section shall in any way impair or limit the indemnification or contribution provisions of this Agreement.

2

SECTION 5. CLEAR MARKET; LOCK-UP.

(a) The Company, on behalf of
itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, it will not, for a period of 180
days after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract
to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose
of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to
the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares
of capital stock of the Company; (iii) complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit
with a traditional bank or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above
is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

(b) Schedule I hereto contains
a complete and accurate list of the Companys directors, officers and holders of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock of the Company (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has requested that each of the Lock-Up
Parties deliver to the Placement Agent an executed Lock-Up Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (each, a Lock-Up
Agreement), on or prior to the date of this Agreement. The Placement Agent may, in its sole discretion, agree to waive and
release any director or officer of the Company from the restrictions of the Lock-Up Agreement to which one or more of them is party and
provide the Company with notice of the impending release or waiver substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto at least three
(3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver. In such case, the Company agrees to announce the impending release
or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through a major news service at least two (2) Business
Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

SECTION 6. INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) To the extent permitted by
law, with respect to the Placement Securities, the Company shall indemnify the Placement Agent and its affiliates, stockholders, directors,
officers, employees, members and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including reasonable actual and documented
fees and expenses of counsel), caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating
to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents).
Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, the Company agrees to indemnify the Placement Agent, to the fullest extent
set forth in this Section 6, against any and all claims asserted by any or person or entity alleging that the Placement Agent was not
permitted or entitled to act as a placement agent herein, or that the Company was not permitted to hire or retain the Placement Agent
herein, including but not limited to any claims arising out of any purported right of first refusal another person or entity claims to
have to act as a placement agent or any similar role with respect to the Company or its securities.

3

(b) Promptly after receipt by
the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which the Placement Agent is
entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement
of such action or proceeding, but failure or delay of notification to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation
it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses
or materially adversely impacts the Company. If the Company so elects or is requested by the Placement Agent, the Company will assume
the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and will pay the fees
and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ its own counsel separate
from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for the Placement Agent reasonably determines that it
would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and
the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate counsel will be paid by the
Company, in addition to fees of local counsel. The Company will have the right to settle the claim or proceeding, provided that the Company
will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, which will not be unreasonably
withheld. The Company will not be liable for settlement of any action effected without its written consent, which may not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(c) The Company agrees to notify
the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding
relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) If for any reason the foregoing
indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then the Company shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as
is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other,
but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other that resulted in such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of losses,
claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred in defending
any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents share of the liability
hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent under this Agreement
(excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent).

(e) The provisions of this Section
6 will remain in full force and effect, survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, and be in addition to any liability that
the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party under this Agreement, whether or not the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
is completed.

SECTION 7. TERM; TERMINATION.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and end on the earliest of the following: (a) the Closing Date or (b) the
date on which this Agreement is terminated by the Placement Agent or the Company pursuant to the terms hereof (the earliest of such date
being the Termination Date), unless otherwise extended by the parties in writing. The Placement Agent may terminate
this Agreement if it reasonably determines that it is unsatisfied with the results of its due diligence investigation, notwithstanding
its best efforts to complete the Placement. The Company may terminate this Agreement for cause (which shall mean a material breach by
the Placement Agent of this Agreement or a material failure by the Placement Agent to provide the services as contemplated by this Agreement)
pursuant to and within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement,
in the event that the Placement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever during the Term, the Company shall be obligated to
pay to the Placement Agent its actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the Placement (including the fees and disbursements
of the Placement Agents legal counsel), up to a maximum of $30,000.

4

SECTION 8. CONFIDENTIALITY.
The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement is for the confidential
use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or
otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written consent. The Placement Agent
may not use any confidential information concerning the Company provided by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated
under this Agreement.

SECTION 9. NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP.
This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating, rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto,
except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement
Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or
the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement Agent hereunder, all of
which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 10. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING.
The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Placement Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy,
as of the date hereof and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein and in
the Purchase Agreements, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and in the Purchase Agreements, and to each of
the following additional terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent:

(a) All corporate proceedings
and other legal matters incident to the authorization, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement, the Placement Securities,
and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby with respect to the Placement Securities
shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to the Placement Agent.

(b) The Placement Agent shall
have received from outside legal counsel to the Company such counsels written opinion and negative assurance letter with respect
to the Placement Securities and other matters, addressed to the Placement Agent and dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(c) The Placement Agent shall
have received customary certificates of the Companys executive officers (the Officers Certificate)
as to the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement and ither matters as the Placement Agent
may reasonable request, and a certificate of the Companys secretary (the Secretarys Certificate) certifying
(i) that the Companys organizational documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect;
(ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Placement are in full force and effect and have not
been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. Each of the Officers Certificate and Secretarys
Certificate must be dated as of the Closing Date, and all documents referenced in the Secretarys Certificate shall be attached
thereto.

(d) The Common Stock shall have
been registered under the Exchange Act and shares of Common Stock shall have been listed, admitted and authorized for trading on the Trading
Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange as of the Closing Date, and the Placement Agent has received reasonably satisfactory
evidence of such actions. The Company shall not have taken any action designed to, or likely to have the effect of terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting, or suspending from trading, of shares of the Common Stock from the Trading Market
or other applicable U.S. national exchange. The Company shall not have received any information suggesting that the Commission or the
Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

5

(e) No action or proceeding before
a court of competent jurisdiction shall have been taken, and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or
issued by any governmental agency or body that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Securities
or materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company. No injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature
by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date that would prevent the issuance
or sale of the Placement Securities or materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

(f) The Company shall have entered
into Purchase Agreements with certain of the Purchasers of the Placement Securities, and such agreements shall be in full force and effect.

(g) FINRA shall have raised no
objections to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement.

(h) The Placement Agent shall
have received an executed Lock-Up Agreement from each of the Lock-Up Parties on or prior to the date hereof.

(i) On or before the Closing Date,
the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information and documents as they may reasonably require
to enable them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Placement Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy
of any of the representations and warranties of the Company, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

(j) On the date hereof, the Placement Agent shall have received, and the Company
shall have caused to be delivered to the Placement Agent, a letter from Bush & Associates CPA LLC, the independent registered public
accounting firm of the Company (the Auditor), addressed to the Placement Agent, dated the date hereof, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent. The letter shall not disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings,
operations or business of the Company, which, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it,
in the Placement Agents sole judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Placement of the Securities.

(k) On the Closing Date, the Placement
Agent shall have received from the Auditor a letter, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements
made in the letter delivered pursuant to Section 10(j) hereof.

(l) The Company shall have prepared
and filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Placement, including this Agreement as an exhibit thereto.

(m) Prior to the Closing Date,
the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents as the Placement Agent may
reasonably request.

6

If any of the conditions specified
in this Section 10 have not been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, the Placement Agent may terminate this Agreement at
any time on or prior to the Closing Date by giving oral or written notice to the Company. Any such oral notice must be promptly confirmed
in writing.

SECTION 11. GOVERNING LAW;
JURISDICTION. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. This Agreement
may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any
dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement
may be brought in the courts of the State of New York sitting in the County and City of New York or in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of New York. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its
property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of such courts. Each party hereto irrevocably waives personal service of process,
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement, and acknowledges that such service will constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. If either party commences an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of this Agreement, then the non-prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall reimburse the prevailing party for its attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such action or proceeding.

SECTION 12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

(a) Entire Agreement. This
Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect,
such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in
full force and effect. If any section, paragraph, or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable,
there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

(b) Beneficiaries. This
Agreement is binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns

(c) Amendments and Waivers.
This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both the Placement Agent
and the Company.

(d) Survival of Representations,
Warranties and Covenants. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing Date
of the Placement and delivery of the Placement Securities.

(e) Execution in Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which, when taken together, will be considered one and the same agreement.
This Agreement will become effective when each party hereto has received a counterpart hereof signed by the other party. In the event
that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature will create a valid and binding obligation
of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

7

SECTION 13. NOTICES. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address specified
on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, (b) the next Business Day after the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that
is not a Business Day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (c) the third business day following the date
of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given. Such notices and communications shall be delivered as follows:

if to the Placement Agent, to:

Spartan Capital Securities, LLC

45 Broadway, 19th Floor

New York, NY 10006

Attention: Stephen Faucetta

Email: sfaucetta@spartancapital.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Lucosky Brookman LLP

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Woodbridge, NJ 08830

Attention: Scott E. Linsky, Esq.

Email: slinsky@lucbro.com

and if to the Company, to:

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

1055 Westlakes Drive, Suite 300

Berwyn, PA 19312

Attention: Jatinder Dhaliwal, Chief Executive Officer

Email: jdhaliwal@virpaxpharma.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st
Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Ross D. Carmel, Esq.

Email: rcarmel@srfc.law

SECTION 14. PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS.
The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may, on and after the Closing Date, reference the Placement and the Placement Agents
role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its website and to place advertisements in financial
and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

8

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth
our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agent the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours, 

SPARTAN CAPITAL SECURITIES, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]

9

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above:

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]

10

SCHEDULE I

Lock-Up Parties

Jatinder
Dhaliwal

Judy
Su

Katharyn
Field

Sheila
Mathias

Esha
Randhawa

Jaydriane
Panis

Usama
Chaudhry

EXHIBIT A

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

_____, 2025

Spartan Capital Securities, LLC

45 Broadway, 19th Floor

New York, NY 10006

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands Spartan
Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent), proposes to enter into a placement agency agreement (the Placement
Agency Agreement) with Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a company incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the Company),
providing for the public offering (the Offering) of shares of common stock (the Common Stock),
par value $0.00001 per share, of the Company and/or pre-funded warrants issued by the Company exercisable for shares of Common Stock (Pre-Funded
Warrants).

To induce the Placement Agent
to continue its efforts in connection with the Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of the
Placement Agent, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending ninety (90) days after the effective
date of the registration statement filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the Offering, (1)
offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common
Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired
by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up
Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of any Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled
by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration
of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any
transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the
conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent in connection
with

(a) transactions
relating to Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Offering; provided that no filing under
Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or other public announcement
shall be required or shall be voluntarily made in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market
transactions;

(b) transfers
of Lock-Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of the undersigned (for
purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote
than first cousin);

(c) transfers
of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution;

(d) if
the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, (i) any transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to another corporation, partnership or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the undersigned
or (ii) distributions of Lock-Up Securities to members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries or affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned;

A-1

(e) if
the undersigned is a trust, to a trustee or beneficiary of the trust; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing
clauses (b), (c) (d) or (e), (i) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver
to the Placement Agent a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of this agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 13 or Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made during the Lock-Up Period;

(f) the
receipt by the undersigned from the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the vesting of restricted stock awards or stock units or upon
the exercise of options to purchase the Companys shares of Common Stock issued under an equity incentive plan of the Company or
an employment arrangement described in the Pricing Prospectus (as defined in the Placement Agency Agreement) (the Plan Shares)
or the transfer or withholding of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into shares of Common Stock to the Company upon
a vesting event of the Companys securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase the Companys securities, in each
case on a cashless or net exercise basis or to cover tax obligations of the undersigned in connection with
such vesting or exercise, provided that if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a
statement in such schedule or report to the effect that the purpose of such transfer was to cover tax withholding obligations of the undersigned
in connection with such vesting or exercise and, provided further, that the Plan Shares shall be subject to the terms of this agreement;

(g) the
transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to agreements described in the Pricing Prospectus under which the Company has the option to repurchase
such securities or a right of first refusal with respect to the transfer of such securities, provided that if the undersigned is required
to file a report under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common
Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such schedule or report describing the purpose of the transaction;

(h) the
establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities, provided that (i)
such plan does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period and (ii) to the extent a public announcement
or filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required of or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding
the establishment of such plan, such public announcement or filing shall include a statement to the effect that no transfer of Lock-Up
Securities may be made under such plan during the Lock-Up Period;

(i) the
transfer of Lock-Up Securities that occurs by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a
divorce settlement, provided that the transferee agrees to sign and deliver an agreement substantially in the form of this agreement for
the balance of the Lock-Up Period, and provided further, that any filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act that is
required to be made during the Lock-Up Period as a result of such transfer shall include a statement that such transfer has occurred by
operation of law; and

(j) the
transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made
to all holders of shares of Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company after the closing of the Public
Offering and approved by the Companys board of directors; provided that in the event that the tender offer, merger, consolidation
or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities owned by the undersigned shall remain subject to the restrictions contained
in this agreement. Change of control means the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, amalgamation,
consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person or group of persons (as
defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d- 5 of the Exchange Act)
of a majority of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company.

A-2

The undersigned also agrees and
consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the
undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

If the undersigned is an officer
or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed
or friends and family securities that the undersigned may purchase in the Offering; (ii) the Placement Agent agrees that,
at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a
transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Placement Agent will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and (iii) the Company
has agreed in the Placement Agency Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service
at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Placement Agent
hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) Business Days after the publication date of such press release.
The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities
not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this lock-up agreement to
the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

The undersigned understands that
the Company and the Placement Agent are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Offering. The undersigned
further understands that this agreement shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The undersigned understands that,
if the Placement Agency Agreement is not executed by _________, 2025 or if the Placement Agency Agreement (other than the provisions thereof
which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the shares of Common Stock or Pre-Funded
Warrants to be sold in the Offering, then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Signatory, in the case of entities -

Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities -

Please Print)

Address: 

A-3

EXHIBIT
B

Form of Clear Market Release and Waiver

[], 202[]

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

1055 Westlakes Drive, Suite 300

Berwyn, PA 19312

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Re: Clear Market Release and Waiver

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to Section 5(b) of the
Placement Agency Agreement, dated [], 2024 (the Placement Agency Agreement), between Virpax Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., a company incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the Company), and Spartan Capital Securities,
LLC (the Placement Agent), the Placement Agent hereby agrees to release and waive the restrictions in Section
5(b) of the Placement Agency Agreement to allow the Company to sell up to [] shares of its common stock [solely from and including
[] to and including []].

SPARTAN CAPITAL SECURITIES, LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Press Release

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

[Date]

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company)
announced today that Spartan Capital Securities, LLC, acting as the exclusive placement agent in the Companys recent public offering
of _______ shares of the Companys common stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to _________ shares
of the Companys common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release]
will take effect on _________, 20___, and the shares may be sold on or after such date.

This press release is not an offer or sale of the
securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>e6318_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.2

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January , 2025, between Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below),
the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company,
securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition
to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth
in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Affiliate means
any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Authorizations
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

BHCA shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

BSA/PATRIOT Act
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Business Day
means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions
in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close; provided, however, for
clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for
wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing means
the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date
means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and
all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations
to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof.

Code means
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.00001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Counsel
means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP.

Disclosure Time
means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight
(New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless
otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City
time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise
instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

DVP shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

DWAC shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a)(iv).

Environmental Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

ERISA shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(g).

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(t).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options, including the shares of Common Stock underlying the
restricted stock units or options, to consultants, employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan
or arrangement duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the
members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon
the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or
convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or anti-dilution provisions contained
therein as disclosed in the SEC Reports and the Prospectus) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities pursuant to merger,
acquisition or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such
securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or
permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided
further that any such issuance shall only be to a Person that is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company in a business
synergistic with the business of the Company and in which the Company receives benefits in addition to any investment of funds, but shall
not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose
primary business is investing in securities and (d) securities for settlement of outstanding payables or liabilities provided that
such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require
or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein.

FCPA means
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Federal Reserve
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Hazardous Materials
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual Property
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(q).

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f)(ii).

IT Systems and Data
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

Liens mean
a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restrictions.

Material Adverse Effect shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Money Laundering Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

OFAC shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Offering means
the offering of the Securities hereunder.

Person means
an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Per Share Purchase Price
equals $ , subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions
of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and before the Closing Date; provided that the purchase price per
Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.00001.

Placement Agent
means Spartan Capital Securities, LLC.

Placement Agency Agreement
means that certain Placement Agency Agreement by and between the Company and the Placement Agent, dated as of the date hereof.

Preliminary Prospectus
means the preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective.

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Pre-Funded Warrants
means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
2.2(a) hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Pre-Settlement Period
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Pre-Settlement Securities
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary
or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign).

Prospectus
means the final Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act filed with the Commission and delivered by the Company
to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser Party
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration Statement
the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284089).

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144 means
Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Sanctioned Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Sanctions shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in section 3.2(e).

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants, and the Warrant Shares.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares means
the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Shell Bank
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include
locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription Amount
means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants (in lieu of Shares) purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
and Subsidiaries shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Section 3.1(a).

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: The
Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to
the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Placement Agency Agreement, including all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto
and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent
means VStock Transfer LLC, Inc, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere, NY 11598,
and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

U.S. GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

Variable Rate Transaction
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Warrants means
the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the Closing
Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not
jointly, agree to purchase, the Shares and/or the Pre-Funded Warrants subscribed for by such Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchasers Subscription Amount (together
with such Purchasers Affiliates and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers
Affiliates) would cause such Purchasers beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of the Shares as determined
pursuant to Section 2.2(a). The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser
at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares
on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus
Payment (DVP) settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the
other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections
2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures or such other location as the parties shall
mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date,
the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly
to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly
electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing
firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Funded
Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time
of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants)
for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, as soon
as reasonably practicable after the Closing Date, the Warrants shall be issued to each Purchaser in originally signed form.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a)On or prior to the
Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly
executed by the Company;

(ii) a legal opinion of
Company Counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers;

(iii) the Companys
wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject to the penultimate
sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an
expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to
each Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of such Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant, if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) for each Purchaser
of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a signed Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to
a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrants
divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.00001, with an exercise price equal to $0.00001, subject to adjustment therein; and

(vi) the Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b)On or prior to the
Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement duly
executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such Purchasers
Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid
as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its
designees.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company
hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all
material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects)
when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such representation
or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations
or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by
each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all
material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects)
when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such representation or
warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations
or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by
the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have
been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from the date hereof
to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading
Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been
suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on
any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall
there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity (excluding the outbreak
of COVID-19 and the SARS-CoV-2 virus) of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change (excluding volatility) in, any
financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase
the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties
of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each
Purchaser:

(a)Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports (each, a Subsidiary,
and collectively, the Subsidiaries). The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other
equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each
Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities. There are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right
to subscribe for or acquire, any capital stock or equity interests, as applicable, of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments understandings
or arrangements by which any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue capital stock or equity interests, as applicable.

(b)Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have resulted in or reasonably
be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii)
a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect);
provided that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed, in and of itself, to
constitute a Material Adverse Effect. No Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has
been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(d)No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon
any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution
or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility,
debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals,
conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court
or governmental authority, to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)Filings, Consents
and Approvals. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state (including state blue sky law), local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other
than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus, (iii)
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and the Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time
and manner required thereby, and (iv) filings required by the Financial Industry Regulatory (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)Issuance
of the Securities; Qualification; Registration.

(i) The Shares are
duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and shall
not be subject to preemptive or similar rights of stockholders. The Warrants when paid for and issued in accordance with this Agreement,
will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors
generally and subject to general principles of equity. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will
be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer
provided for in the Transaction Documents and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights of stockholders. The Company has reserved
from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants
(without taking into account any limitations on the exercise of the Warrants set forth therein).

(ii) The
Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective
on , 2025, including the Preliminary Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of
this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued by the
Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission.
The Company shall file the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto became effective as determined

under the Securities Act, at the date of this Agreement and at the
Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date,
conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

Any issuer free
writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) relating to the Securities is hereafter referred to as an
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall be deemed
to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein as of the date of filing thereof; and any reference herein to
any amendment or supplement with respect to any of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall be
deemed to refer to and include (i) the filing of any document with the Commission incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by
reference after the date of filing of such Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus and (ii) any such document so filed.

All references in this
Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any amendments
or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall be deemed to include any copy thereof filed with the Commission on EDGAR.

(iii) The Registration
Statement complies, and the Prospectus and any further amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus will
comply, in all material respects, with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, and do not, and will not, as of the applicable
effective date as to each part of the Registration Statement and as of the applicable filing date as to the Prospectus and any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(iv) No order preventing
or suspending the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission.

(g)Capitalization.
The equity capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports as of the dates indicated therein.
The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of employee stock options or vesting and settlement of restricted stock units under the Companys equity incentive
plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant
to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and have been duly and validly
authorized and issued, in compliance with all federal and state securities laws and not in violation of or subject to any preemptive or
similar right that entitles any Person to acquire from the Company any shares of Common Stock or other security of the Company or any
security convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock or any other such security, except for such rights
as may have been fully satisfied or waived prior to the date hereof. The Company has no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to
subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents. No Person has any right of first refusal, pre-emptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate
in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to
issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder
of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company with any provision that adjusts the exercise conversion, exchange or reset price of such security
or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company that contain
any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock
plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder
of the Company, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements,
voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to
the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) Reports. The Company
has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and
Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period
as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein, together with the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension (or waiver from the Commission) of such time
of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC
Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(i)Financial Statements.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company, including the notes thereto, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the
Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved,
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by U.S. GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company
and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(j)Material Changes;
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest consolidated financial statements included or incorporated
by reference into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has incurred any
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to U.S. GAAP
or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not
declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements
to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has not issued any equity securities
to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity compensation plans, or in connection with the prior
offerings of the Companys securities in which certain officers, directors and Affiliates have participated. The Company does not
have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated
by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected
to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets
or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation
is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is
made.

(k)Litigation.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, Proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which, if there were an unfavorable decision, would individually or in the aggregate, have
resulted in or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports, adversely
affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the
Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director
or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(l)Labor Relations.
No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii) as could not have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)Environmental
Law. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(o)Title to Assets.
The Company and the Subsidiaries do not own any real estate. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in all personal
property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens,
except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed
to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which
appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties.
Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except where the failure to be in compliance would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)Regulatory Permits.
The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure
to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits),
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material
Permit.

(q)Intellectual
Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries to their knowledge own, possess, or can acquire on reasonable terms, all Intellectual Property
(as defined below) necessary for the conduct of the Companys or any Subsidiarys business as now conducted or as described
in the SEC Reports to be conducted, and there are no unreleased liens or security interests which have been filed against any of the patents
owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries. Furthermore, (i) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation
or violation by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (ii) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened,
action, suit, Proceeding or other claim by others challenging the Companys or any Subsidiarys rights in or to any such Intellectual
Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim; (iii) the Intellectual Property
owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property licensed to the Company or its
Subsidiaries, has not been adjudged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened action, suit, Proceeding or other claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property,
and the Company is not aware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim; (iv) there is no pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, Proceeding or other claim by others that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries infringes,
misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of others, neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other fact which would form a reasonable
basis for any such claim; (v) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the material terms of each agreement pursuant to which
Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or its Subsidiaries, and all such agreements are in full force and effect; and
(vi) any product candidates described in the SEC Reports as under development by the Company or its Subsidiaries fall within the scope
of the claims of one or more patents or applications relating to the product candidate or its intended use owned by, or exclusively licensed
to, the Company or its Subsidiaries; and (vii) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is in or has ever been in violation of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement,
non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer
where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or actions undertaken
by the employee while employed with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except, in the case of clause (vii), as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Intellectual Property shall mean all patents, patent applications,
trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, domain names,
technology, know-how and other intellectual property.

(r)Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(s)Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. None of the executive officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge
of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any
Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, executive officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement
providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing
of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any executive officer, director or such employee or, to
the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any executive officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or
is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(t)Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with applicable securities laws
and U.S. GAAP and to maintain asset accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accounting for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries, and designed such disclosure
controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms.
The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company as of
the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date).
The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation
Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the
Company or the Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial
reporting of the Company.

(u)Certain Fees.
Except for fees payable to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company
or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees
or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 3.1(u) that may be
due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(v)Investment Company.
The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. As long as the Warrants remain outstanding, the Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)Registration
Rights. Other than to each of the Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement, no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the
registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.

(x)Listing and Maintenance
Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed
to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act.
The Company has not received any notice from the Commission that it is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth
in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
of such Trading Market. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established
clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y)Application of
Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys articles of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z)Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including pursuant to the SEC Reports and the Disclosure Schedules
to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The press releases disseminated by the Company during the 12 months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other
than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa)No Integrated
Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company,
nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security
or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with
prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the
securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Solvency. Based on the
consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds
from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required
to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they
mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as
proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted
by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the
Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated
uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid.
The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts
of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe
that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from
the Closing Date. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade
accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect
of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the
notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary
course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in
accordance with U.S. GAAP.

(cc)Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
each of the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments
and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside
on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns,
reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction,
and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(dd)Foreign Corrupt
Practices; Criminal Acts. None of the Company, any Subsidiary, any director or officer thereof or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any agent, employee, affiliate or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary is aware of or has taken any action,
directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such Persons of the FCPA or any applicable anti-corruption laws, rules, or
regulation of the U.S. or any other jurisdiction in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts business, including, without limitation,
making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise
to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything
of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof
or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA, and the Company, the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of
the Company, the Affiliates of the Company and the Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted
and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance
therewith. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has engaged in, or will engage in, (i) any direct or indirect dealings or transactions
in violation of U.S. federal or state criminal laws, including, without limitation, the Controlled Substances Act, the Racketeer Influenced
and Corrupt Organizations Act, the Travel Act or any anti-money laundering statute, or (ii) any aiding and abetting in any
violation of U.S. federal or state criminal laws.

(ee)Accountants.
The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is as set forth in the Prospectus. To the knowledge and belief of the
Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(ff)Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(gg)Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which
any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities (in compliance
with applicable laws) at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any)
could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities
are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction
Documents.

(hh)Regulation M
Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf (other than the Placement Agent, as to which no
representation is made) has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased,
or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation
for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation
paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(ii) Stock Option Plans.
Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan, or as an inducement grant outside of a stock option
plan, was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan or under its terms, respectively, and (ii)
with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted
under U.S. GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company
has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise
knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company
or the Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) [Reserved.]

(kk) Cybersecurity. Except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i)(x) There has been no security
breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer
systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third
party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected
to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data that would require notification to any third party, including
any governmental or regulatory authority, under applicable law; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with
all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have
implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity,
continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup
and disaster recovery technology consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards and practices.

(ll) Office of Foreign Assets
Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate
of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the
U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)U.S. Real Property
Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Code, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(nn)Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA)
and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class
of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation
by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes
and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp) Regulatory. Except as
described in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as applicable, the Company and its Subsidiaries
(i) are and at all times have been in material compliance with all statutes, rules and regulations applicable to the ownership, testing,
development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, advertising, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale,
storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company including, without limitation the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)), the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health
Act of 2009, and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation
Act of 2010, the regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, and any successor government programs and comparable state laws, regulations
relating to Good Clinical Practices and Good Laboratory Practices and all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign
laws, manual provisions, policies and administrative guidance relating to the regulation of the Company (collectively, the Applicable
Laws); (ii) have not received any notice from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party
alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, exemptions, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations,
permits, registrations and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations);
(iii) possess all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any
term of any such Authorizations; (iv) have not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation
arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product
operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations nor is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened; (v) have not received any written notice that any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority has taken, is taking or intends to take, action to limit, suspend, materially modify or revoke
any Authorizations nor is any such limitation, suspension, modification or revocation threatened; (vi) have filed, obtained, maintained
or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments
as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent
submission); and (vii) are not a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders,
or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority.

(qq) Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.
The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof.

3.2 Representations and Warranties
of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such
date):

(a) Organization; Authority.
Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power
and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability
company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly
executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, will constitute the valid
and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b)Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c)Experience of
Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(d)Access to Information.
Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules
thereto) and the SEC Reports, and has been afforded: (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive
answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and
risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations,
business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain
such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make
an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent,
nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent, has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor
is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation
as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information
with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities
to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent, nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(e) Sanctioned Persons; BSA/PATRIOT
Act. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement), a Sanctioned Person. Purchaser
is not an institution that accepts currency for deposit and that (a) has no physical presence in the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated
or in which it is operating and (b) is unaffiliated with a regulated financial group that is subject to consolidated supervision (a Shell
Bank) or providing banking services to a Shell Bank. Purchaser represents that if it is a financial institution subject to
the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and its implementing regulations (collectively,
the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that Purchaser maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable
obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser also represents that, to the extent required by applicable law, it maintains, either
directly or through the use of a third-party administrator, policies and procedures reasonably designed for the screening of any investors
in the Purchaser against Sanctions-related lists of blocked or restricted persons. Purchaser further represents and warrants that (a)
the funds held by Purchaser and used to purchase the Securities were not directly or indirectly derived from or related to any activities
that may contravene U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. anti-money laundering, anti-corruption or Sanctions laws and regulations or activities
that may otherwise be deemed criminal and (b) any returns from the Purchasers investment will not be used to finance any illegal
activities. For purposes of this Agreement, Sanctioned Person means at any time any person or entity with whom dealings
are restricted, prohibited, or sanctionable under any Sanctions (as defined below), including as a result of being: (a) listed on any
Sanctions-related list of designated or blocked or restricted persons; (b) that is a national of, the government of, or any agency or
instrumentality of the

government of, or resident in, or organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive
Sanctions from time to time (as of the date of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region); or (c) a relationship
of ownership, control, or agency with any of the foregoing. Sanctions means those trade, economic and financial sanctions
laws, regulations, embargoes, and restrictive measures (in each case having the force of law) administered, enacted or enforced from time
to time by (a) the United States (including without limitation the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control,
the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department of Commerce), (b) the European Union and enforced by its member states, (c) the
United Nations and (d) the United Kingdom.

(f) Non-cooperative Jurisdiction.
Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement), a person or entity resident in, or
whose funds used to purchase the Securities are transferred from or through, a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated
as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering or counter terrorist financing principles or procedures by the United States
or by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force, of which the United States is a member; (ii)
is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury; or (iii) has
been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money
laundering concerns (any such country or territory, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction), or an entity or individual that
resides or has a place of business in, or is organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction.

(g) ERISA. If Purchaser is
an employee benefit plan that is subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA),
a plan, an individual retirement account or other arrangement that is subject to section 4975 of the Code or an employee benefit plan
that is a governmental plan (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), a church plan (as defined in section 3(33) of ERISA), a non-U.S. plan
(as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) or other plan that is not subject to the foregoing but may be subject to provisions under any
other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, or an entity
whose underlying assets are considered to include plan assets of any such plan, account or arrangement subject to the fiduciary
or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, Subscriber represents and warrants that the acquisition and
holding of the Securities will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

(h)Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, each Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting
on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of the securities of the Company or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company during the period
commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first held discussions (written or oral) with the Company or any other Person representing
the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to execution of this
Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation,
its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality
of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions
with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities of the
Company in order for such Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect Short Sales or similar transactions following
the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the
investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement.

(i) No Governmental Review.
Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on
or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities, nor have
such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

The Company acknowledges and agrees
that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document
or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation
or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future.

ARTICLE
IV

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Legends. The Shares
and the Warrant Shares shall be issued free of legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement is not effective
or is not otherwise available for the sale of the Shares, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the
holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders
when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale of the Shares, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares (it being
understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Shares,
the Warrants or the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares
effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2
Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until the time that no Purchaser owns Securities the Company covenants, the Company
covenants to use its reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange
Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be
filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act, even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company consummates: (a) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result
of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent
(50%) of the voting control of the Company; (b) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the
Company is not the surviving entity; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

4.3 Integration. The Company
shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of
the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any
Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto with the Commission within
the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that
it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent,
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press
release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written
or oral, between the Company, any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates
on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the other
hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each
other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser
shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect
to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company,
which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing

party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing or submission with
or to the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required
by federal securities law in connection with the filing or submission of final Transaction Documents with or to the Commission and (b)
to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.5 Stockholder Rights Plan.
No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring
Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger
the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement
between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public Information.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be
disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide
any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed
in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser
without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to
the Company, any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the
basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that
any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such material non-public information on with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K or shall issue a press release containing such material non-public information. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use of Proceeds. Except
as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company shall use the net proceeds from
the sale of the Securities hereunder as set forth under the caption Use of Proceeds in Registration Statement, the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus for working capital and general corporate purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction
of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business
and prior practices or as disclosed in the Registration Statement), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
(c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation, or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8 Indemnification of Purchasers.
Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, stockholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of
such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims,
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys
fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any
of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents
or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder
of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the

Transaction
Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants
under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations
by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined
to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct), the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are
based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for
use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect
of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the
Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party.
Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof
has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such
defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for
the reasonable actual and documented fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any
Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability
is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such
Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made
by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred
provided however, that if it is subsequently determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that
such Purchaser Party was not entitled to receive such periodic payments, such Purchaser Party shall promptly (but in no event later than
five (5) Business Days) return such payments to the Company. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause
of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant
to law.

4.9 Reservation of Common Stock.
As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive
rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement
and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants, if applicable.

4.10 Listing of Common Stock.
The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on
which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and the Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The
Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such
application all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and the
Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably
necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility
of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection
with such electronic transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.10 shall not apply in
the event that the Company consummates: (a) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together
with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control
of the Company; (b) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving
entity; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

4.11 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until thirty
(30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce
the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or
amendment or supplement thereto, other than filing the final Prospectus or a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any
employee benefit plan.

(b) From the date hereof until thirty
(30) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving
a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells
any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares
of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with
the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or
(B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such
debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock split or stock dividend or similar event) or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for shares of Common Stock or (ii) enters
into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market
offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement
have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently cancelled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.
to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12 Equal Treatment of Purchasers.
No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to
a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties
to such Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the
Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not
in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities
or otherwise.

4.13 Certain Transactions and
Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate
acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the
Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain
the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained
in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty
or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no
Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable
securities laws from and after the time that the transactions

contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade
in the securities of the Company to the Company or the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates,
or agent, including without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply
with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered
by this Agreement.

4.14 Exercise Procedures.
The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order
to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information, or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise
their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The
Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions, and time periods
set forth in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement
may be terminated with respect to any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect
the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses.
Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any
fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser),
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire Agreement. The
Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, the Prospectus contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and all
notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day
that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously furnish such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K or by issuing a press release containing such material non-public information.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Securities based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided
that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent
of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to
any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent
default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise
any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially
and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers
shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5
shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings. The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may
not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger).
Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities,
provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction
Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 Third-Party Beneficiaries.
The Placement Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations
and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except
as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in
the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

5.10 Survival. The representations
and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the applicable statute of limitations.

5.11 Execution. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a
.pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original
thereof.

5.12 Severability. If any
term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find
and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant
or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction
Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion
from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to
its future actions and rights provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser
shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently (if such shares were
delivered to the applicable Purchaser) with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such
shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including,
issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement of Securities.
If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to
be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor,
a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction.
The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including
customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside.
To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation
or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent Nature of
Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint
with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of
the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other

Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
Lucosky Brookman LLP. Lucosky Brookman LLP does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company
has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because
it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in
this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Liquidated Damages.
The Companys obligations to pay any liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation
of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that
the instrument or security pursuant to which such liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not
be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction. The
parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY,
TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL
BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Address for Notice:

By: 1055 Westlakes Drive, Suite 300

Name: Jatinder Dhaliwal Berwyn, PA 19312

Title: Chief Executive Officer Attn: Jatinder Dhaliwal

Email: jdhaliwal@virpaxpharma.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Ross Carmel

Email: rcarmel@srfc.law

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO VRPX

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: _____________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_______________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser: __________________________________________________________________

_____________________________________________________________________________________________

Address for Delivery of Shares to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): _____________________________

_____________________________________________________________________________________________

Subscription Amount: $ _________________________________________________________________________

Shares: _______________________________________________________________________________________

EIN: _________________________________________________________________________________________

Pre-Funded Warrant: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99%

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company
to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing
shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated
by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an
unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the
like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

Exhibit A

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

(See attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>e6318_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.3

ADDENDUM TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Addendum to Consulting Agreement
(this Addendum) is entered into for the purpose of amending the Consulting Agreement between IR Agency LLC (the Consultant
or IR Agency) and Virpax Pharmaceuticals Inc (you, the Client
or the Company) dated as of [__], 2025, to provide for the purchase of additional Services by the Company under the Agreement.
All initially capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Addendum shall be give the meaning ascribed thereto in the Agreement.

1. Terms and Conditions. Except has modified hereby,
the terms and conditions of the Agreement pursuant to which the Company engages the Consultant to provide Services remain in full
force and effect. Should the terms of this Addendum and the Agreement conflict, the terms of this Addendum shall govern.

2. Compensation. The first sentence of Section 3 (a) of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced
in its entirety with the following: (a) As consideration for the performance of the Services hereunder, upon the date of the execution
and delivery of the Agreement the Client shall pay to the Consultant the sum Two Million US
Dollars ($2,000,000) and upon the date of execution and delivery of this Addendum the Client shall pay to the Consultant the sum of One
Million Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,700,000) in cash via Bank Wire Transfer for providing
the Services for a 6 Month term starting on November 18th 2024.

3. 

Acceptance.
Please confirm that the foregoing is in accordance with the Companys understanding
by signing and returning this Addendum, which will thereupon constitute a binding contract
between the Company and IR Agency, LLC as of
[__], 2025. The undersigned officers of IR
Agency, LLC and the Company represent that they
have the authority to bind IR Agency and the Company,
respectively. This Addendum may be executed in counterparts and with electronic or
facsimile signatures.

IR Agency LLC 

By: /s/ Rafael Pereira 

Print Name: Rafael Pereira 

Virpax Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

By: 

Print Name: 

Position: 

IR Agency wire Instructions 

Capital One Bank 

Account Beneficiary- IR Agency LLC 

Address: 23 Downing Street, Newark NJ 07105 

Wire Acct #: 7057541044 

Wire Routing #- 021407912 

SWIFT# HIBKUS44
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>e6318_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.4

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT
(the Agreement) is made and entered into effective the [__]th day of [__] , 2025 by and between Sideways Frequency (the
Consultant) and Virpax Pharmaceuticals (the Client) [__], 2025. 

WHEREAS, the Consultant is in the business of
preparing, from publicly available information, advertisements (each an Advertisement) which shall consist of building profiles
of the Client, disseminating information and building a digital community of potential investors for the Client. Please see below for
breakdown of exact services to be rendered.

WHEREAS, the Client wishes to retain the Consultant
to provide investor relation-related services (Services); and 

WHEREAS, the Consultant is ready, willing and
able to render the Services to the Client.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
promises and covenants set forth in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree
as follows.

1. Consulting Services. The Client hereby retains
the Consultant to perform the Services with respect to the Client, and the Consultant hereby accepts and agrees to such retention. Consultant
does not make any representation about the response, if any, to the public release of the Advertisement for the Client. Consultant shall
provide its Services in a professional manner using reasonable commercial efforts.

It is acknowledged and agreed by the Client that the Consultant carries
no professional licenses, and is not rendering, or undertaking to render, any legal or investment advice nor is it acting as an investment
advisor or broker/dealer within the meaning of the applicable federal and state

securities laws. The Client
acknowledges and agrees that (a) it and its affiliates each have relied and will continue to rely on the advice of its own legal, regulatory,
and securities law advisors for all matters and (b) neither the Client nor any of its affiliates has received, or has relied upon, the
advice of Consultant or any of its affiliates regarding legal, regulatory, or securities law matters. 

2. The Services of the Consultant
shall not be exclusive to the Client, and the Client acknowledges that Consultant will be performing similar Services for other clients
and Consultant shall be free to perform Services for such other persons. 

3. Independent Contractor.
Nothing contained herein shall be considered as creating a relationship of agent-principal, employer-employee or joint venturers between
the Consultant and the Client. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Consultant is not authorized to bind the Client to any
liability or obligation or to represent that Consultant has any such authority. The Client shall not make social security, workers
compensation or unemployment insurance payments on behalf of Consultant. Consultant at all times shall act hereunder as an independent
contractor and not as a fiduciary of the Client. The engagement of Consultant hereunder is not deemed to be on behalf of, and is not
intended to confer rights upon, the Client or any stockholder of the Client or any other person not a party hereto as against Consultant
or any of Consultants members, directors, officers, agents or employees. The Client shall be entitled to exercise broad general
power of supervision and control over the results of work performed by Consultant to ensure satisfactory performance, including the right
to inspect, the right to stop work, the right to make suggestions or recommendations as to the details of the work, and the right to
propose modifications to the work. 

4. Compensation. As consideration
for the performance of the Services hereunder, upon the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement the Client shall pay
to the Consultant the sum of $ 300,000.00 in cash via Bank Wire Transfer by [__] for a Marketing Program Regarding Virpax
Pharmaceuticals. Such consideration shall be

deemed earned in full upon receipt and shall be
nonrefundable except in the event of the termination of this Agreement for failure of Consultant to provide the Services. Consultant shall
be responsible for all out-of- pocket expenses incurred or paid in connection with its performance of the Services hereunder.

2

5. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated,
with or without cause, by Client at any time by written notice to the Consultant.

6. Work Product. All information and materials
produced for the Client shall be the property of the Consultant, free and clear of all claims thereto by the Client, and the Client shall
have no claim of authorship therein.

7. Information. In connection with Consultants
performance of its Services, Consultant will rely on the Clients press releases and the Clients most recent reports, if
any, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the Client Information). The Client hereby acknowledges
and agrees that, in performing its Services hereunder, Consultant will be using and relying on the Client Information without independent
verification thereof. The Consultant shall provide the Client with copies of any Advertisements prior to dissemination (which shall include
proper disclaimers about the Consultant being paid by the Client for such Advertisements), and Client written approval of such Advertisements
shall be required prior to dissemination. The Client, by its authorization or approval of the Advertisement and its release, represents
and warrants to Consultant that, to its knowledge, the Advertisement is correct. The Client agrees to promptly notify Consultant upon
the occurrence of any material adverse change in the business or affairs of the Client or upon the occurrence of any event which causes
Client to believe that the Advertisement is no longer correct in any material aspect.

8. No Broker-Dealer Activities. The Client acknowledges
that it understands that Consultant is not a registered broker-dealer or investment advisor and will not engage in any activities on behalf
of the

Client that require it to be registered as a broker-dealer
or investment advisor. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a commitment or

undertaking of any kind on the part of Consultant
or any of its affiliates to underwrite, sell, place or purchase any securities, to provide any debt or equity financing or to participate
in any transaction, or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities.

Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant:
(a) is, and each of its agents is, skilled and experienced in providing the services hereunder (the Services), and will
perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner customary for best practices in the industry; (b) will, and each of its
agents will, perform the Services in accordance with normally accepted standards and in compliance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations; (c) has not, and none of its agents has, been subject to any disciplinary
actions by any applicable financial accrediting bodies including Nasdaq, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA), and related, or other similar entities, nor been subject to any other restrictions or sanctions related
to allegations of professional misconduct; (d) is free to enter into this Agreement, and is under no obligation to any third party which
would prevent Consultant from carrying out the duties and obligations contemplated hereunder; (e) does not have any other conflict of
interest which might interfere with Consultants independent judgment or objectivity in the performance of Services hereunder and
(f) possesses all relevant licenses and authorizations that may be required in order to perform the Services.

3

Consultant shall immediately
notify Client in writing if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, (a) any representation or warranty of Consultant contained
in this Agreement shall no longer be true and correct, or (b) Consultant becomes aware of any known, suspected, or alleged violation
of law or breach of agreement by Client, by Consultant, or by any third party relating to the Services or the Client. 

9. Disclaimer of Responsibility. In no event or
circumstances shall the Consultant be liable or be made liable for any expense incurred or loss suffered by the Client as a consequence
of Consultants performance of the Services, except for those actions caused by negligent acts or omissions of Consultant or Consultants
employees. In no event shall Consultant be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, whether in an action
in contract or in tort.

10. [Reserved]. 

11. Representations. Client represents that it
is not a party to any existing agreement that will conflict with this Agreement. 

The Client also represents that it has the full
power, authority and ability to enter into this Agreement.

12. Notices. Any notice or other communication
required or permitted to be given to either party hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given to such party at such partys
address set forth below or such other address as such party may hereafter specify by notice in writing to the other party. Any such notice
or other communication shall be addressed as aforesaid and given by (a) certified mail, return receipt requested, with first class postage
prepaid, (b) hand delivery, or (c) via electronic communication (i.e., e-mail) or reputable overnight courier. Any notice or other communication
will be deemed to have been duly given (i) on the fifth (5) day after mailing, provided receipt of delivery is confirmed, if mailed by
certified mail, return receipt requested, with first class postage prepaid, (ii) on the date of service if served personally or (iii)
on the business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or by sending of an electronic communication, provided the notifying
party specifies next day delivery and receipt of delivery has been confirmed:

If to the Client: Virpax Pharmaceuticals

Address: 1055 Westlake Drive, Suite 300,

Berwyn, PA 19312

4

If to Consultant:

Sideways Frequency

1389 Center Drive Suite 200, Park City, Utah

E-mail: wesley@sidewaysfrequency.com

13. Waiver of Breach. Any waiver by either party
of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach
by any party.

14. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any
of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder may be assigned by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other
party, which will not be delayed or withheld unreasonably; provided that the Client shall not be required to consent to any assignment
by Consultant of its cash and compensation payable pursuant to Section 4 hereof. Any assignment without such consent, when required, shall
have no legal validity; subject to the foregoing, this Agreement and all of the provisions hereof will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

15. Governing Law and
Jurisdiction. The internal laws, without regard to conflicts of laws principles, of the State of Delaware shall govern all questions
concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement. Each party voluntarily submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, in any action or proceeding with respect to
this Agreement, but if such Court lacks subject matter jurisdiction then each party voluntarily submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts sitting in the State of Delaware, having subject matter jurisdiction. Each party hereto waives, and
agrees not to assert, any objection that it may have to the location of the aforesaid Delaware court in which an action or
proceeding has been commenced in connection with this Agreement and further waives any right it may have to a trial by jury. The
Client agrees that it may be served by registered mail with process at its address set forth herein in Section 11 above for the
giving of notice, as from time to time changed on notice duly given.

5

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains
the complete agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior proposals, understandings,
agreements or representations by or between the parties, written or oral.

17. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision
of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement
is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision will be ineffective
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions
of this Agreement.

18. Waiver and Modification. Any waiver, alteration,
or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing through an amendment (Amendment
of this Agreement and signed by the parties hereto.

19. Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than one party, and all
such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature on this Agreement communicated by facsimile
transmission shall be binding upon the party transmitting it. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by exchange of facsimile copies
bearing the facsimile signature of a party hereto shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement by such
party. Such facsimile copies shall constitute enforceable original documents.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have a
duly executed and delivered this Agreement, effective as of the date set forth above.

Sideways Frequency LLC 

By: Print Name: Wesley De Souza 

By: Virpax Pharmaceuticals 

Print Name: 

Position: 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>e6318_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 99.1

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces Pricing of
$6 Million Public Offering of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants

BERWYN, PA January 28, 2025 
Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: VRPX) (Virpax or the Company), a preclinical-stage pharmaceutical
company focused in novel and proprietary drug delivery systems across various pain indications, announced today the pricing of its public
offering of $0.20 of shares of the Companys common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, and/or pre-funded warrants to purchase shares
of common stock at a public offering price of $0.19999 per share (minus $0.00001 per pre-funded warrant). The Company intends to use the
proceeds of the offering to fund our ongoing development activities for commencing clinical trial for our product candidate Probudur,
marketing and advertising services to communicate information about the Company to the financial community, as well as for working capital
and other general corporate purposes.

Spartan Capital Securities, LLC is acting as the exclusive
placement agent in connection with the offering.

The offering is expected to close on January 29, 2025,
subject to customary closing conditions. The offering is being conducted pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form
S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284089), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December
30, 2024, as amended on January 15, 2025 and January 17, 2025, and subsequently declared effective by the SEC on January 27, 2025. The
offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A final prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will
be available on the SECs website at https://www.sec.gov/. Copies of the final prospectus relating to this offering, when available,
may be obtained from Spartan Capital Securities, LLC, at 45 Broadway, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10006.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to
sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any
state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Virpax

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a preclinical-stage
pharmaceutical company focused on developing novel and proprietary drug delivery systems across various pain indications in order to enhance
compliance and optimize each product candidate in our pipeline. Our drug-delivery systems and drug-releasing technologies being developed
are focused on advancing non-opioid and non-addictive pain management treatments and treatments for central nervous system disorders to
enhance patients quality of life. For more information, please visit https://www.virpaxpharma.com.

Virpaxs shares of common stock trade on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VRPX.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Such forward-looking statements are characterized by future or conditional verbs such as may, will,
expect, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue
or similar words. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss future expectations and plans, which
contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition or state other forward-looking information.

Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections
and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks
and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press
release, including but not limited to the risk factors contained in the Companys filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, which are available for review at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. New risks
and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict those events or how they may affect the Company.
If a change to the events and circumstances reflected in the Companys forward-looking statements occurs, the Companys business,
financial condition and operating results may vary materially from those expressed in the Companys forward-looking statements.

Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on
forward-looking statements, and the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

For further information, please contact:

Investor Contact

info@virpaxpharma.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>e6318_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 99.2

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces Closing of
$6.0 Million Public Offering of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants

BERWYN, PA January 30, 2025 
Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: VRPX) (Virpax or the Company), a preclinical-stage pharmaceutical
company focused in novel and proprietary drug delivery systems across various pain indications, announced today the closing of its public
offering of $6.0 million of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, and pre-funded warrants to purchase
shares of common stock at a public offering price of $0.20 per share (minus $0.00001 per pre-funded warrant). The Company intends to use
the proceeds of the offering to fund its ongoing development activities for commencing clinical trial for its product candidate Probudur,
marketing and advertising services to communicate information about the Company to the financial community, as well as for working capital
and other general corporate purposes.

Spartan Capital Securities, LLC is acting as the exclusive
placement agent in connection with the offering.

The securities described above are being offered pursuant
to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284089) (the Registration Statement),
initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 29, 2024, as amended on January 15, 2025 and
January 17, 2025, and declared effective by the SEC on January 27, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus which
is a part of the Registration Statement. A final prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and is available on the
SECs website at https://www.sec.gov/. Copies of the final prospectus relating to this offering may be obtained from Spartan Capital
Securities, LLC, at 45 Broadway, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10006.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to
sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any
state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Virpax

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a preclinical-stage
pharmaceutical company focused on developing novel and proprietary drug delivery systems across various pain indications in order to enhance
compliance and optimize each product candidate in our pipeline. Our drug-delivery systems and drug-releasing technologies being developed
are focused on advancing non-opioid and non-addictive pain management treatments and treatments for central nervous system disorders to
enhance patients quality of life. For more information, please visit https://www.virpaxpharma.com.

Virpaxs shares of common stock trade on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VRPX.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Such forward-looking statements are characterized by future or conditional verbs such as may, will,
expect, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue
or similar words. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss future expectations and plans, which
contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition or state other forward-looking information.

Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections
and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks
and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press
release, including but not limited to the risk factors contained in the Companys filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, which are available for review at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. New risks
and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict those events or how they may affect the Company.
If a change to the events and circumstances reflected in the Companys forward-looking statements occurs, the Companys business,
financial condition and operating results may vary materially from those expressed in the Companys forward-looking statements.

Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on
forward-looking statements, and the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

For further information, please contact:

Investor Contact

info@virpaxpharma.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>vrpx-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>vrpx-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>vrpx-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40064

Entity Registrant Name Virpax
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001708331

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1510982

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1055 Westlakes Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Berwyn

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19312

City Area Code (610)

Local Phone Number 727-4597

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol VRPX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://virpaxpharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

e6318_8k.htm 
vrpx-20250127.xsd 
vrpx-20250127_lab.xml 
vrpx-20250127_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001731122-25-000135-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>e6318_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001708331 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001708331 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
001-40064 
82-1510982 
1055 Westlakes Drive 
Suite 300 
Berwyn 
PA 
19312 
(610) 
727-4597 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
VRPX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>