<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-005016.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-005016.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113081028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-005016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cabaletta Bio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001759138
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39103
		FILM NUMBER:		25524924

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(267) 759-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d781872d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000175913800017591382025-01-132025-01-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 13, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

CABALETTA BIO, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-39103 82-1685768

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2929 Arch Street, Suite 600,

Philadelphia, PA 19104

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(267)759-3100

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share CABA The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On January 13, 2025, Cabaletta Bio, Inc. (Cabaletta or the Company) disclosed that its unaudited cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024 was $164 million. The Company expects that this cash position as of December 31, 2024, will enable it to fund its updated operating plan, including recently accelerated clinical assumptions, into the first half of 2026. 

The information contained in Item 2.02 of this Form 8-K is unaudited and preliminary and does not present all information necessary for an understanding of the Companys financial condition as of December 31, 2024. The audit of the Companys consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 is ongoing and could result in changes to the information set forth above. 

The information contained in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure 

On January 13, 2025, the Company posted to the Investors & Media section of the Companys website at www.cabalettabio.com an updated corporate presentation (the Corporate Presentation). A copy of the Corporate Presentation is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On January 13, 2025, the Company also issued a Press Release announcing its recent pipeline and operational progress and outlining its strategic priorities and anticipated key milestones for 2025 (the Press Release). A copy of the Press Release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On January 13, 2025, the Company issued the Press Release announcing its recent pipeline and operational progress and outlining its strategic priorities and anticipated key milestones for 2025. 

Recent Pipeline and Operational Progress 

As of December 31, 2024, 21 patients have been enrolled across 44 actively recruiting clinical sites in the U.S. and Europe across the RESET clinical development program. 

In the first 10 patients dosed with rese-cel with at least one month of follow-up, 90% have experienced either no cytokine release syndrome (CRS) or grade 1 (fever) CRS and 90% have experienced no immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS). Data from these patients will be presented at an upcoming scientific meeting in February 2025. 

Today, Cabaletta announced the following progress in support of its commitment to advance innovations that improve the patient and physician experience, in addition to broadening the potential of rese-cel for patients: 

The first patient has been enrolled in the RESET-PV trial, evaluating rese-cel without preconditioning in patients with pemphigus vulgaris. 

The first juvenile myositis clinical site in the RESET-Myositis trial is now open and actively recruiting. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) previously granted Rare Pediatric Disease designation for rese-cel in juvenile dermatomyositis. 

The first patient has been enrolled in the RESET-MG trial, evaluating rese-cel in patients with myasthenia gravis. 

The Investigational New Drug (IND) application for rese-cel has been allowed to proceed within the routine 30-day window by the FDA for the RESET-MS trial, a Phase 1/2 study evaluating rese-cel in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). In addition, the FDA has granted Fast Track Designation to rese-cel for the treatment of relapsing and progressive forms of MS. 

In order to expand our clinical supply to address the increasing pace of enrollment in our clinical trials as well as to prepare for registrational trial(s) across the RESET clinical development program while expanding our manufacturing options for rese-cel, Cabaletta has expanded its CDMO agreement with Lonza, a leading Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO), to supply rese-cel clinical product under current Good Manufacturing Practices as soon as the second half of 2025. 

In November 2024, Cabaletta presented new and updated clinical data on rese-cel supporting its potential to achieve drug-free, compelling clinical responses based on eight patients dosed across the ongoing Phase 1/2 RESET-Myositis, RESET-SLE and RESET-SSc clinical trials at the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) Convergence 2024 conference. 

Strategic Priorities and Anticipated Key Milestones for 2025 

Gain alignment with the FDA on a path to registration for rese-cel that leverages our indication-specific trials to rapidly advance registrational programs 

The Company now plans to meet with the FDA regarding registrational trial designs for rese-cel in the first half of 2025 based on the emerging clinical and translational data and increased pace of enrollment. 

Enroll patients and complete dosing in multiple disease-specific cohorts across the RESET clinical development program 

Present new and updated clinical and translational data on rese-cel throughout 2025. 

Continue advancing innovations designed to expand patient access and provide streamlined and positive experiences with rese-cel for patients and providers 

Evaluate rese-cel with no preconditioning: Generate clinical and translational data evaluating rese-cel without preconditioning from the RESET-PV trial in 2025. 

Align with FDA on whole blood replacement for apheresis: Continue to advance the whole blood manufacturing program as a potential replacement for apheresis and seek to align with FDA on a strategy to incorporate it into the RESET clinical development program. 

Financial Guidance 

Cabaletta ended the fourth quarter of 2024 with unaudited cash and cash equivalents of $164 million. The Company expects that this cash position as of December 31, 2024 will enable it to fund its updated operating plan, including recently accelerated clinical assumptions, into the first half of 2026. 

About the RESET-MS Trial 

The RESET-MS trial is a Phase 1/2 open-label, dose escalation study of rese-cel in subjects with relapsing and progressive forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), evaluated in separate cohorts. Subjects will receive a one-time infusion of rese-cel following a preconditioning regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide. Key inclusion criteria for the relapsing MS cohort include patients between ages 18 to 60 (inclusive), evidence of clinical relapse during the previous 2 years, and prior treatment with a high efficacy therapy for at least 6 months. Key progressive MS inclusion criteria include patients between ages 18 to 60 (inclusive) and evidence of objective disease worsening during the prior year while on standard of care therapy for at least 6 months. Key exclusion criteria for both cohorts include history of fulminant MS within 5 years, a prior history of seizures or other clinically significant concomitant CNS pathology, history of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, as well as treatment with a B cell depleting agent within the prior approximately 20 weeks. 

About rese-cel (formerly referred to as CABA-201)

Rese-cel is a 4-1BB-containing fully human CD19-CAR T cell investigational therapy for patients with autoimmune diseases where B cells contribute to the initiation and/or maintenance of disease. Following a one-time infusion of a weight-based dose, rese-cel is designed to transiently and completely deplete all CD19-positive cells. This approach has the potential to reset the immune system and result in compelling clinical responses without chronic therapy requirements in patients. Cabaletta is currently evaluating rese-cel in the RESET (REstoring SElf-Tolerance) clinical development program which includes multiple disease-specific, company-sponsored clinical trials across growing portfolios of autoimmune diseases in a broad range of therapeutic areas, including rheumatology, neurology and dermatology. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The information under this Item 8.01 contains forward-looking statements of Cabaletta Bio within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including without limitation, express or implied statements regarding: Cabalettas business plans and objectives as a whole; Cabalettas ability to realize its vision of launching the first curative targeted cell therapy designed specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases; Cabalettas ability to successfully complete research and further development and commercialization of its drug candidates in current or future indications, including the timing and results of Cabalettas clinical trials and its ability to conduct and complete clinical trials; expectation that clinical results will support rese-cels safety and activity profile; statements regarding the timing of interactions with regulatory authorities, including such authorities review of safety information from Cabalettas ongoing clinical trials and potential registrational pathway for rese-cel; Cabalettas expectations around the potential success and therapeutic benefits of rese-cel, including its belief that rese-cel has the potential to reset the immune system and result in compelling clinical responses without chronic therapy requirements in patients; the Companys advancement of separate Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel in patients with SLE, myositis, SSc and gMG and advancement of the RESET-PV and RESET-MS trials, including updates related to status, safety data, efficiency of clinical trial design and timing of data read-outs or otherwise; the clinical significance of the clinical data read-out at upcoming scientific meetings; Cabalettas ability to expand its clinical supply for registrational trial(s) across the RESET clinical development program as well as to expand its manufacturing options for rese-cel; Cabalettas ability to increase enrollment in its US and Europe clinical networks; Cabalettas ability to leverage its growing clinical trial network to accelerate development of its therapy for patients and to generate clinical and translational data; Cabalettas advancement of the whole blood manufacturing program as a potential replacement for apheresis, as well as its potential alignment with FDA in connection thereto; and Cabalettas use of capital, expense and other financial results in the future and its ability to fund operations into the first half of 2026. 

Any forward-looking statements in this Item 8.01 are based on managements current expectations and beliefs of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks related to regulatory filings and potential clearance; the risk that signs of biologic activity or persistence may not inform long-term results; Cabalettas ability to demonstrate sufficient evidence of safety, efficacy and tolerability in its preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel; the risk that the results observed with the similarly-designed construct employed in academic publications, including due to the dosing regimen, are not indicative of the results we seek to achieve with rese-cel; risks that modifications to trial design or approach may not have the intended benefits and that the trial design may need to be further modified; risks related to clinical trial site activation, delays in enrollment generally or enrollment rates that are lower than expected; delays related to assessment of clinical trial results; risks related to unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during clinical studies; risks related to volatile market and economic conditions and public health crises; Cabalettas ability to retain and recognize the intended incentives conferred by Orphan Drug Designation and Fast Track Designation or other designations for its product candidates, as applicable; risks related to Cabalettas ability to protect and maintain its intellectual property position; risks related to fostering and maintaining successful relationships with Cabalettas collaboration and manufacturing partners; uncertainties related to the initiation and conduct of studies and other development requirements for its product candidates; the risk that any one or more of Cabalettas product candidates will not be successfully developed and/or commercialized; and the risk that the initial or interim results of preclinical studies or clinical studies will not be predictive of future results in connection with future studies. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Cabalettas actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled Risk Factors in Cabalettas most recent annual report on Form 10-K as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Cabalettas other subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this Item 8.01 is as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the Company undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

99.1 Corporate Presentation, dated January 13, 2025, furnished herewith. 

99.2 Press Release issued by the registrant on January 13, 2025, furnished herewith. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

CABALETTA BIO, INC.

Date: January 13, 2025 By: 

/s/ Steven Nichtberger

Steven Nichtberger, M.D.

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d781872dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Corporate Presentation JANUARY 2025 2025 Cabaletta Bio. All rights reserved. 

Disclaimer The following presentation, including any printed or electronic copy of these slides, the talks given by the presenters, the
information communicated during any delivery of the presentation and any question and answer session and any document or material distributed at or in connection with the presentation (collectively, the Presentation) has been prepared by
Cabaletta Bio, Inc. (we, us, our, Cabaletta or the Company) and is made for informational purposes only. This Presentation does not purport to be a prospectus, to be complete or to contain
all of the information you may desire. Statements contained herein are made as of the date of this Presentation unless stated otherwise, and this Presentation shall not under any circumstances create an implication that the information contained
herein is correct as of any time after such date or that information will be updated or revised to reflect information that subsequently becomes available or changes occurring after the date hereof. This Presentation may contain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 relating to our business, operations, and financial conditions, and include, but are not limited to, express or implied statements
regarding our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding: our business, future plans and strategies for our CAAR T technology; our ability to grow our autoimmune-focused pipeline; the ability to capitalize on and potential benefits
resulting from our research and translational insights; including those related to any similarly-designed constructs or dosing regimens; the anticipated market opportunities for rese-cel in patients with autoimmune diseases; the Companys
business plans and objectives; our expectations around the potential success and therapeutic and clinical benefits of rese-cel and our other product candidates, as well as our ability to successfully complete research and further development and
commercialization of our drug candidates in current or future indications, including the timing and results of our clinical trials and our ability to conduct and complete clinical trials; expectation that clinical results will support
rese-cels safety and activity profile; our plan to leverage increasing clinical data and a unique development program for rese-cel; the clinical significance of the clinical data read-out at upcoming
medical or scientific meetings; our belief that rese-cel may enable achieving drug-free, durable meaningful clinical responses, through an immune reset; the Companys advancement of separate Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel in patients
with SLE, myositis, SSc and gMG and advancement of the RESET-PV and RESET-MS trials, including updates related to status, safety data, efficiency of clinical trial
design and timing of data read-outs or otherwise; our ability to leverage our experience in autoimmune cell therapy; our ability to enroll the requisite number of patients, dose each dosing cohort in the intended manner, and advance the trial as
planned in our Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel; the timing any planned regulatory filings for our development programs, including IND applications; the progress and results of our MusCAARTe Phase 1 trial, and impact around reported safety and
clinical and translational data of cohorts from our MusCAARTe Phase 1 trial; Cabalettas advancement of the whole blood manufacturing program as a potential replacement for apheresis, as well as its potential alignment with FDA in connection
thereto; expectation that clinical results will support rese-cels safety and activity profile; statements regarding the timing of regulatory filings and interactions with regulatory authorities, including such authorities review of
safety information from our ongoing clinical trials and potential registrational pathway for rese-cel; our ability to successfully complete our preclinical and clinical studies for our product candidates, including our ability to enroll the
requisite number of patients, dose each dosing cohort in the intended manner, and progress the trial; our ability to increase enrollment from our rapidly expanding clinical network in the RESET clinical trial program in the US and Europe; our
ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates, including our expectations regarding the intended incentives conferred by and ability to retain Fast Track Designations for our product candidates; our ability to
accelerate our pipeline and to develop meaningful therapies for patients, including in collaboration with academic and industry partners and the ability to optimize such collaborations on our development programs; our ability to contract with
third-party suppliers and manufacturers and retain such manufacturers, whether due to legislative action or otherwise; to implement an enhanced manufacturing process and further develop our internal manufacturing strategy, capabilities and
facilities; our ability to execute our manufacturing strategy to enable expansion of clinical supply and efficiently scale commercial supply for rese-cel; our potential commercial opportunities, including value and addressable market, for our
product candidates. Words such as, but not limited to, look forward to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, would, should
and could, and similar expressions or words, identify forward-looking statements. Various risks, uncertainties and assumptions could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied in our forward-looking
statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks related to the success, cost, and timing of our product candidate development activities and preclinical studies and clinical trials, risks related to our ability to
demonstrate sufficient evidence of safety, efficacy and tolerability in our preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel and MuSK-CAART, the risk that the results observed with the similarly-designed construct, including, but not limited to,
due to dosing regimen, are not indicative of the results we seek to achieve with rese-cel, the risk that signs of biologic activity or persistence may not inform long-term results, the risk that persistence observed with effective CD19-CAR T oncology studies in combination with lymphodepletion is not indicative of, or applicable to, clinical responses in patients with mPV, risks related to clinical trial site activation or enrollment rates
that are lower than expected, our ability to demonstrate sufficient evidence of safety, efficacy and tolerability in its preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel; risks that modifications to trial design or approach may not have the
intended benefits and that the trial design may need to be further modified; our ability to protect and maintain our intellectual property position, risks related to our relationships with third parties, uncertainties related to regulatory
agencies evaluation of regulatory filings and other information related to our product candidates, our ability to retain and recognize the intended incentives conferred by any Orphan Drug Designations and Fast Track Designations, risks related
to regulatory filings and potential clearance, the risk that any one or more of our product candidates will not be successfully developed and commercialized, the risk that the results of preclinical studies or clinical studies will not be predictive
of future results in connection with future studies, and risks related to volatile market and economic conditions and public health crises. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and
uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. Although
we believe the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. No representations or warranties (expressed or implied) are made about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, as well as
discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in our other and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information contained in this Presentation relates to or is based on studies,
publications, surveys and other data obtained from third-party sources and the Companys own internal estimates and research. While the Company believes these third-party sources to be reliable as of the date of this Presentation, it has not
independently verified, and makes no representation as to the adequacy, fairness, accuracy or completeness of, any information obtained from third-party sources. The Company is the owner of various trademarks, trade names and service marks. Certain
other trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this Presentation are the property of third parties. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this Presentation are referred to without the and TM symbols, but such
references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 

Develop and launch the first curative targeted cellular therapies for patients with autoimmune diseases 

3 2025: Realizing our vision by defining an efficient path to approval Planning to leverage increasing clinical data and unique
development program for rese-cel (resecabtagene autoleucel; CABA-201) Compelling clinical efficacy Unique development strategy Multiple near-term catalysts with favorable safety profile designed to accelerate
time including clarity on potential & rapidly growing enrollment to approval and launch path to approval Compelling clinical efficacy data in Multiple disease-specific cohorts with a Plan to meet with FDA to align on
active, refractory autoimmune patients1 common design allow for a potentially registrational trial design in 1H25 Favorable safety profile in first 10 accelerated path to approval with broad Enroll and complete dosing in multiple
patients dosed, 90% experienced either evaluation of autoimmune indications disease-specific cohorts in 2025 no CRS or grade 1 (fever) CRS and One weight-based dose administered as Present clinical data on rese-cel at 90% experienced
no ICANS a single infusion; dose supported by medical meetings throughout 2025, clinical & translational data1 Immunosuppressant-free outcomes including data evaluating rese-celobserved with patients discontinuing all 
Industry-leading clinical network without preconditioning immunosuppressants from rese-cel with 44 active clinical sites and growing in infusion through follow up period1 the US and Europe2 Patients are seeking a drug-free, symptom-free life which
is rarely achieved despite current therapies; physicians also prioritize prevention of end-organ damage3 1. Abstract 1733: Safety and efficacy of CABA-201, a fully
human, autologous 4-1BB anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapy in patients with immune-mediated necrotizing myopathy and systemic lupus erythematosus from the RESET-MyositisTM and RESET-SLETM clinical trials. ACR
Convergence 2024. 2. Clinicaltrials.gov as of December 31, 2024 4 3. Golder, et al. Lupus. 2018;27(3): 501-506

Innovative clinical strategy with potential for accelerated regulatory path RESET clinical program has disease-specific cohorts designed
to evolve directly into registrational studies Program1 Trial Preclinical Phase 1/2 Pivotal Dermatomyositis Rheumatology Antisynthetase syndrome RESET-Myosit Neurology Immune-mediated necrotizing myopathy Dermatology Juvenile Myositis Contains
cohort(s) without preconditioning Pediatric Indication Lupus Nephritis RESET-SLE Rese-cel FTD Non-Renal SLE (CABA-201) Skin +
Organ Cohort RESET-SSc 4-1BBCD19-CAR T Skin Cohort AChR-Ab pos. gMG RESET-MG AChR-Ab neg. gMG
RESET-MS Relapsing MS Progressive MS RESET-PV Mucocutaneous & mucosal pemphigus vulgaris RESET REstoring SElf-Tolerance; Ab Antibody; AChR 
Acetylcholine receptor; gMG Generalized myasthenia gravis; MS Multiple sclerosis; SLE Systemic lupus erythematosus 1. Additional pipeline candidate includes MuSK-CAART for MuSK-Ab positive MG, currently being evaluated in a
Phase 1 trial. 2. FDA Fast Track Designation received in dermatomyositis, SLE and lupus nephritis, systemic sclerosis, mucosal pemphigus vulgaris, MuSK-Ab positive MG, and multiple sclerosis. 5 

Chimeric Antigen Receptor T Cells for Autoimmunity (rese-cel) 6 

Rese-cel: CD19-CAR T specifically designed for autoimmunity Cabaletta rese-cel binder with
similar in vitro & in vivo activity to construct used in academic studies1,3 Rese-cel product design & clinical / translational data Fully human anti-CD19 binder 4-1BB costimulatory domain
with fully human binder Binder with similar affinity & biologic activity to academic FMC63 binder while binding to the same epitopes1,2 4-1BB costimulatory domain Same weight-based dose as in
academic studies Potential to provide immune reset based on CD3- signaling domain initial clinical and translational data5 Rese-cel4 Initial patients treated with rese-cel have shown
compelling clinical responses with safety data that supports autoimmune development6 1. Peng, Binghao J, et al. Preclinical specificity and activity of CABA-201, a fully human 4-1BB containing CD19 CAR T therapy for treatment-resistant autoimmune disease. Poster presented at: American Society Gene and Cell Therapy 26th Annual Meeting; 2023 May 19; Los Angeles, CA. 2. Dai, Zhenyu, et
al. Development and functional characterization of novel fully human anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptors for T-cell therapy. Journal of Cellular Physiology
236.8 (2021): 5832-5847. 3. Mller, Fabian, et al. CD19 CAR T-Cell Therapy in Autoimmune DiseaseA Case Series with Follow-up. New England Journal
of Medicine 390.8 (2024): 687-700. 4. Transmembrane domain in rese-cel is CD8 vs. TNFRSF19 (Troy) utilized in the academic construct. The two transmembrane domains have not been shown to have a
significant difference in function or IFN- production in preclinical studies. The CD8 transmembrane domain is employed in tisagenlecleucel. 5. Volkov, Jenell, et al. Case
study of CD19 CAR T therapy in a subject with immune-mediate necrotizing myopathy treated in the RESET-Myositis phase I/II trial. Molecular Therapy 32.11 (2024): 3821-3828. 6. Abstract 1733: Safety and Efficacy of CABA-201, a Fully Human, Autologous 4-1BB Anti-CD19 CAR T Cell Therapy in Patients with Immune-Mediated Necrotizing Myopathy and Systemic Lupus 7 Erythematosus from the
RESET-MyositisTM and RESET-SLETM Clinical Trials. ACR 2024. 

RESET program addressing several autoimmune markets Broad por ith six RESET trials designed to address high unmet need and realize the
potential of rese-cel Phase 1/2 TrialsNo Flu/Cy Myositis SLE SSc gMG MS PV Typical onset middle age Affects young women & Middle age onset Bimodal age of onset Chronic inflammation, Pure autoantibody &Only FDA-approved people of color common axon loss, cognitive B-cell mediated therapy is IVIg in DM Progressive skin & Profound weakness that impairment, and ~40% with
lupus can be disabling autoimmune disease High mortality due to nephritis, which carries organ fibrosis with lung, irreversible neurologic Risk for myasthenic Characterized by painful lung & cardiac ~25% risk of death or cardiac, renal
damage damage crises, with respiratory blisters & erosions involvement ESRD within 10y Average survival of 12y failure U.S. Prevalence ~68k ~160-320k ~88k ~55k ~750k ~13k EU Prevalence ~85k ~150k ~60k
~100k ~550k ~21k Rheum Neuro Derm SLE Systemic lupus erythematosus; DM Dermatomyositis; SSc Systemic sclerosis; gMG Generalized myasthenia gravis; MS multiple sclerosis; 8 ESRD 
End-stage renal disease; PV pemphigus vulgaris 

Industry-leading clinical site footprint across RESE program1 +1 SLE site in Europe SLE sites Myositis sites Juvenile myositis sites SSc
sites MG sites PV sites 21 patients enrolled2 across the RESETTM studies, with 44 actively recruiting clinical sites in the US & Europe 1. Data per clinicaltrials.gov as of December 31, 2024, as compared to companies with actively
recruiting U.S. clinical sites for autoimmune cell therapy trials under company-sponsored INDs. 2. As of December 31, 2024. 9 

Rese-cel Clinical & Translational Data (Based on Presentation at ACR Convergence 2024) 10 

Key inclusion and exclusion criteria in RESETTM clinical program Designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of rese-cel in
subjects with active, refractory disease Key inclusion criteria13 Evidence of active disease despite prior or current treatment with standard of care RESET-Myosit RESET-SLE RESET-SSc Age 18
and 65 with an SLE diagnosis Age 18 and 75 with a diagnosis of IIM Positive ANA or anti-dsDNA at screening (ASyS, DM, or IMNM) Age 18 and 70 with a limited or diffuse SLE (non-renal): active, moderate to severe SSc diagnosis Presence of at least one myositis antibody SLE, SLEDAI-2K 8; pure class V LN patients Evidence of
significant skin, pulmonary, JIIM: Age 6 and 17 with presence of at least eligible for this cohort renal, or cardiac involvement one MSA or MAA LN: active, biopsy-proven LN class III or IV ( class V) Key exclusion
criteria13 B cell-depleting agent within prior 3-6 months; Previous CAR T therapy and/or HSCT Presence of kidney disease other than LN Cancer-associated myositis Current symptoms of
severe, progressive, or Severe lung or cardiac impairment Significant lung or cardiac impairment uncontrolled pulmonary or cardiac disease Anticipate enrolling and completing dosing in multiple disease-specific cohorts in 2025;
similarly designed RESET-MG Phase 1/2 trial enrolling ASyS, antisynthetase syndrome; CAR, chimeric antigen receptor; DM, dermatomyositis; HSCT, hematopoietic stem cell trans on; IIM, idiopathic inflammatory
myopathy; JIIM, juvenile idiopathic inflammatory myopathy; LN, lupus nephritis; MAA, myositis-associated antibody; SLEDAI-2k, SLE disease activity index 2000; SSc, systemic sclerosis. 1. ClinicalTrials.gov.
Available at: www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06121297 (accessed October 2024). 2. ClinicalTrials.gov. Available at: www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06328777 (accessed October 2024). 11 3. ClinicalTrials.gov. Available at:
www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06154252 (accessed October 2024). 

Baseline characteristics of first 8 patients in the RESE program All patients had active, refractory disease and most had failed B
cell-targeting therapi RESET-Myositi RESET-SLE RESET-SSc SLE-1SSc-Skin-1 Patient /
Cohort IMNM-1IMNM-2DM-1SLE-2SLE-3LN-1 Class V LN (severe skin cohort) Age, sex 33 M 60 M 57 M 26 M 36 F 44 F 24 F 66 F Disease duration ~2 years ~4 years ~4 years ~6 years ~17 years ~9 years ~2 years ~2 years Autoantibodies SRP HMGCR SAE dsDNA
dsDNA dsDNA dsDNA RNA P III MMT-8SLEDAI-2K mRSS Baseline 130 126 131 26 10 8 22 42 Disease activity* CK (U/L) UPCR (mg/mg) 617 4725 94 1.08 n/a n/a 7.22 Therapies
at GC, ANI, VOC, GC, MTX GC, IVIG GC, MMF, HCQ GC, MMF, HCQ GC, AZA, HCQ HCQ, MMF, BEL MMF Screening MMF, HCQ Other prior CYC, BEL, VOC, MSC, RTX, ANI, RTX, IVIG RTX, MMF, MTX IVIG GC, MTX BEL, LEF HCQ therapies TAC BEL, ADA, MTX GC dose at 5 5 20
10 7 n/a 20 n/a Screening (mg/day) *Baseline disease activity = activity before pre-conditioning. SLE-1 had class V LN; inclusion criteria for LN cohort
requires class III/IV LN. ADA, adalimumab; ANI, anifrolumab; AZA, azathioprine; BEL, belimumab; CK, creatinine kinase; dsDNA, double-stranded DNA; GC, glucocorticoid; HCQ, hydroxychloroquine; HMGCR, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase; IVIG, intravenous immunoglobulin; LEF, leflunomide; MMF, mycophenolate mofetil;
MMT-8, manual muscle testing 8; mRSS, modified Rodnan skin score; MSC, mesenchymal stem cell; MTX, methotrexate; RNA P III, RNA polymerase III; RTX, rituximab; SAE, small ubiquitin-like modifier activating
enzyme; SRP, signal recognition particle; TAC, tacrolimus; U/L, units per liter; UPCR, urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio; VOC, voclosporin. 12 Cabaletta Bio: Data on
file. 

Consistent and deep B cell depletion by Day 221 In patients with >3-monthfollow-up, B cell repopulation with nave cells started as early as 8 weeks 1st 150 days: B cell depletion / repopulation & 1st 30 days: B cell depletion & rese-cel expansion rese-cel
expansion Rese-cel exhibited a PK/PD profile with peak expansion between Day 8 and 15 as expected, with a later 2nd peak for the first LN patient, suggestive of a possible occult infection1 PK, pharmacokinetic; PD, pharmacodynamic 13 * Pre-infusionB-cell levels were measured at pre-preconditioning for all subjects other than
IMNM-2 where apheresis was used 1. Nunez et al. Correlative Studies of CABA-201 from the RESET-MyositisTM and RESET-SLETM Clinical Trials. Presented at ACR Convergence
2024. Abstract 0324 

Incidence and severity of adverse events in the first 8 patients* RESET-Myositi RESET-SLE
RESET-SSc Cohort IMNM DM Non-renal SLE LN SSc Severe Skin Patient IMNM-1IMNM-2DM-1SLE-1SLE-2SLE-3LN-1**SSc-Skin-1 CRS None None None None Grade 1 None Grade 1 Grade 2 ICANS None None None None None None Grade 4* None Serious infections None None None None None
None None None Hypogammaglobulinemia None None None None None None Grade 2 None Related SAEs (Grade) Fever (1) None None None None None None None (excluding CRS and ICANS) Pancytopenia (4) **Prior to infusion1, LN-1 patient experienced acute, febrile inflammatory events & highly elevated pro-inflammatory cytokines that continued after treatment, suggesting a possible occult
infection; supportive data from TCR clonal sequencing2. ICANS event resolved completely with standard therapies. *As of Nov 1, 2024; Primary endpoint is incidence and severity of Adverse Events through Day 29. Graded per ASTCT Consensus
Grading Criteria. Of these patients, only DM-1,SLE-2,SLE-3, and
SSc-Skin-1 received medication for seizure prophylaxis. Tocilizumab was not administered for any cases of CRS. Coded in System Organ Class of Infections and
Infestations and meets seriousness criteria. As assessed per FDA guidelines. Consistent with Prolonged Cytopenias, which is a labeled warning and precaution for approved oncology CAR T products. 1. MIP-1,IL-27 2. Nunez et al. Correlative Studies of CABA-201 from the RESET-MyositisTM and RESET-SLETM Clinical Trials.
Presented at ACR Convergence 2024. Abstract 0324 CRS, cytokine release syndrome; ICANS, immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome; PE, pulmonary embolism; SAE, serious adverse event 14 Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. 

RESET-Myositis : Efficacy data following rese-cel infusion 1st known adult DM pati ed with CAR T demonstrated compelling early response
off immunosuppressants DM patient demonstrated a major TIS response at Day 29 & Disease activity & improvement measures st 1 IMNM patient showed a moderate TIS response at Week 24 5000 CK (N=3) 100 TIS (N=3) Discontinued all (U/L)
4000 90 immunosuppressants 3000 80 Major CK 70 2000 1000 60 0 TIS 50 Moderate Baseline Day 29 Week 8 Week 12 Week 16 Week 20 Week 24 40 MMT-8 (N=3) 30 Normal strength Minimal 150 20 8 140 10None MMT 130
0 120 110 Baseline Day 29 Week 8 Week 12 Week 16 Week 20 Week 24 IMNM-1IMNM-2 Discontinued: MTX IVIG MMF, HCQ IMNM-1IMNM-2DM-1 Initial clinical responses in IMNM are consistent with published data1; response kinetics seem to differ among myositis subtypes As of Nov 1, 2024 15
Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. 1. Schett, G. CAR-T Cell Therapy: The Future is Now. 5th Global Conference on Myositis. iMyoS. Pittsburgh, PA. 

RESET-SL : Efficacy data in SLE following Rese-cel infusion All 3 SLE patients onstrated
clinical responses off immunosuppressants; first patient completed steroid taper SLE-1 (Class V LN) SLE-2SLE-3 30 30 30 26
25 25 25 20 20 20 Discontinued Discontinued Discontinued 2K GC, MMF, HCQ 2K AZA, HCQ 2K HCQ, MMF, BEL 1515 SLEDAI SLEDAI 15 SLEDAI 10 10 8 10 10 8 dsDNA 5 Low complement 5 4 5 2 Proteinuria dsDNA (Class V LN) Low complement 0 0 0
Baseline Week 24 Baseline Day 29 Baseline Day 29 Clinical Criteria Laboratory Criteria Increased Vasculitis Pleurisy Rash DNA binding Proteinuria Pyuria Arthritis Alopecia Low complement Hematuria Leukopenia No clinical symptoms on SLEDAI-2K through latest follow up, including SLE-1 with isolated Class V LN (non-renal cohort) with persistent proteinuria as
expected As of Nov 1, 2024 SLEDAI-2k, SLE disease activity index 2000. 16 Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. 

RESET-SL : Outcomes in first LN following rese-cel infusion
LN-1 demonstrat ed improvement of proteinuria off all immunosuppressants, continuing steroid taper UPCR decreased from 7.22 to 0.63 mg/mg at Week 16 1st LN patient SLEDAI reduced by 14 points at Week 16
Discontinued all Proteinuria SLEDAI-2K immunosuppressants 30 8 7 7.22 25 22 6 dsDNA Discontinued 5 20 Complement ANI, VOC, MMF, HCQ 4 2K Rash at Baseline (mg/mg) 15 Pyuria 3 2 UPCR SLEDAI 10 Proteinuria
8 1 0.63 Alopecia Hematuria 0 5 Rash Arthritis Proteinuria 0 Baseline Week 16 LN-1LN-1 proteinuria markedly improved by Week 8 with alopecia/rash as the remaining
clinical manifestations at Week 16 after discontinuing all immunosuppressants & continuing prednisone taper As of Nov 1, 2024 SLEDAI-2k, SLE disease activity index 2000; UPCR, urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio. 17 Cabaletta Bio: Data on file. 

Emerging efficacy data 42 days post infusion in first SSc patient Early disease improvements in face and hands after discontinuation of
disease-specific medication Baseline mRSS score by body area1 Overall mRSS score1 Day 42 mRSS score by body area1 Baseline Day 22 Day 42 mRSS 42 38 36 Modified Rodnan Skin Score (mRSS): a measure of skin thickness in SSc across 17 body areas,
with a maximum score of 511 0 None 0 None Used as an outcome measure in SSc clinical 1 Mild trials as a surrogate for disease activity, 1 Mild severity and mortality1 2 Moderate 2 Moderate 3 Severe 3 Severe Early clinical data in SSc-Skin-1 indicate potential emergence of a drug-free clinical response As of Nov 1, 2024 patient is not taking immunosuppressants or steroids 18 Cabaletta Bio:
Data on file. 1. Khanna D, et al. J Scleroderma Relat Disord. 2017;2(1):1118. 

Achieving immune system reset may predict long-term durability Autologous CAR T is the only modality to date that has
facilitated an immune system reset in autoimmune patients CAR T & B cell levels1 CD19-CAR T Cells Following treatment with autologous CD19-CAR T, 6 pts with 12+
mo. of drug-free remission, as reported by Erlangen group2 Healthy B Nave cells B cells Autoreactive B cells Infusion 1 mo. 3 mo. 6 mo. 12+ mo. B cell maturation Memory B cell Pre-plasma/ process3 plasma
cell B cell precursors How to detect a true immune system reset4 Nave 1) Nave B cell repopulation documented by flow B cell cytometry and longitudinal sequencing of BCR Pre-B cell Early Nave
Mat (Transitional) B + / - cell 2) Deep transient B cell depletion in all tissues with Periphery lymph node biopsy confirming depletion Bone marrow 1. Illustrative graphic, adapted from Taubmann, J., et al. OP0141
Long Term Safety and Efficacy Of CAR-T Cell Treatment in Refractory SLE-Data from the First Seven Patients. (2023): 93-94.
2. Mller, Fabian, et al. CD19 CAR T-Cell Therapy in Autoimmune DiseaseA Case Series with Follow-up. New England Journal of Medicine 390.8 (2024):
687-700. 19 3. Image adapted from Cambier JC, et al. Nat Rev Immunol. 2007;7(8):633-643. 4. Proposed mechanism for immune reset based on Cabaletta knowledge and
assessment in the field 

Rese-cel Product/Process Innovations & Indication Expansion 

Securing & expanding our leadership in autoimmune cell therapy Several innovations to prioritize patient experience, expand
access and address scale in autoimmune disease Product/Process Innovations in development Evaluating rese-cel in PV without preconditioning Both published data and experience with legacy CAART platform suggest that preconditioning may not be
necessary in autoimmune patients1,2 As a well-defined autoantibody-mediated disease, PV is a potentially ideal evaluation setting Expected to present clinical data from the RESET-PV trial in 2025 Advancing
whole blood program to remove the burden of apheresis3 Minimizing the requirement for inpatient stay IND application cleared for RESET-MS trial in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) RESET-MS is a Phase 1/2 dose-escalation study in relapsing MS and progressive MS FDA has granted Fast Track Designation to rese-cel for the treatment of relapsing MS and progressive MS 1. Cohen, Adam D., et al.
B cell maturation antigenspecific CAR T cells are clinically active in multiple myeloma. The Journal of Clinical Investigation 129.6 (2019). 2. Poster P0744: Clinical and translational findings following MuSK-CAART infusion without
preconditioning in patients with Myasthenia Gravis (MuSCAARTesTM trial). ESGCT 2024. 21 3. Abstract 1372: Autologous CD19 CART Manufacturing from Whole Blood Collection for the Treatment of Autoimmune Disease. ASGCT 2024. 

Manufacturing strategy securing reliable supply then innovating Staged approach allows for efficient allocation of capital while
leveraging experienced partners Clinical & Commercial Supply: Innovative Manufacturing: Penn, CDMOs & CABA Process Scale-Up & Reduced COGs Penn has reliably provided timely
product for years Expanded partnerships for automated manufacturing WuXi partnership provides additional rese-cel supply Advancing paths to commercial-ready manufacturing: Continuous focus on address scale: Expansion of
CDMO partnerships for pivotal supply Further closing and automating our commercial process Advancing Cellares technology assessment program Partnered wit ier for vector Evaluating whole blood process to eliminate apheresis
Future consi operated facility Opportunity for strategic partnership(s) 22 

Corporate Summary 

Cabaletta Bio leadership Track record of operational success evaluating & developing novel cell therapy candidates in
autoimmunity LEADERSHIP TEAM Steven Nichtberger, M.D. Samik Basu, M.D. Gwendolyn Binder, Ph.D. David J. Chang, M.D., M.P.H., FACR Arun Das, M.D. Michael Gerard President, CEO & Chairman Chief Scientific Officer President, Science &
Technology Chief Medical Officer Chief Business Officer General Counsel Heather Harte-Hall Anup Marda Nicolette Sherman Gerwin Winter Sarah Yuan Chief Compliance Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief HR Officer Head of International Chief Technology
Officer SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD Aimee Payne, M.D., Ph.D. Michael C. Milone, M.D., Ph.D. Co-Founder and Co-ChairCo-Founder and Co-Chair Brian Daniels, M.D. Georg Schett, M.D. Carl June, M.D. Jay Siegel, M.D. From Fortune. Iain McInnes, Ph.D., FRCP, FRSE, FMedSci Drew Weissman, M.D., Ph.D. 2024 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights
reserved. Used under license. 24 

Cabalettas Anticipated Key Milestones for 2025 1H25 2025 2025 2025 Plan to meet with Present clinical data Enroll and complete
Present additional FDA to align on evaluating rese-cel dosing in multiple clinical & translational registrational trial without preconditioning disease-specific data on rese-cel at designs for rese-cel from the RESET-PVTM cohorts from the
medical or scientific trial RESETTM clinical meetings development program 25 

Corporate Presentation JANUARY 2025 2025 Cabaletta Bio. All rights reserved.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d781872dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Cabaletta Bio Outlines Strategic Priorities and Anticipated Key Milestones for 2025 

Company plans to meet with the FDA to align on registrational trial designs in 1H25 based on emerging clinical profile of
resecabtagene autoleucel (rese-cel, formerly referred to as CABA-201) and increased pace of enrollment with 44 active clinical trial sites 

Favorable safety profile observed across the first 10 patients dosed with rese-cel: 90% experienced either no CRS or grade 1 (fever)
CRS and 90% experienced no ICANS; latest clinical and translational data to be presented at a scientific meeting in February 2025 

First patient enrolled in the
RESET-PV trial evaluating rese-cel without preconditioning 

First site opened in the juvenile myositis cohort of RESET-Myositis trial

IND application for rese-cel cleared for the RESET-MS trial in multiple sclerosis with Fast Track Designation 

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 13,
2025 Cabaletta Bio, Inc. (Nasdaq: CABA), a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and launching the first curative targeted cell therapies designed specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases, today announced
recent pipeline and operational progress and outlined its strategic priorities and anticipated key milestones for 2025. 

Our clinical execution in
2024 allowed us to accelerate timelines for registrational discussions and demonstrate the potential of rese-cel to deliver immunosuppressant-free, compelling clinical responses in patients with active, refractory autoimmune disease. During the
first half of 2025, our top priorities are clinical execution and achieving alignment with the FDA on the registrational pathway for rese-cel based on rapidly emerging clinical and translational data, said Steven Nichtberger, M.D., Chief
Executive Officer of Cabaletta. Leveraging a large and growing clinical site footprint in the U.S., recent expansion into Europe and an increased pace of patient enrollment observed across the
RESET clinical development program since our presentations at ACR Convergence in November 2024, we look forward to building on our momentum as we move closer to realizing our vision of
launching the first targeted curative cell therapy designed specifically for patients with autoimmune disease. 

Recent Pipeline and Operational
Progress 

As of December 31, 2024, 21 patients have been enrolled across 44 actively recruiting clinical sites in the
U.S. and Europe across the RESET clinical development program. 

In the first 10 patients dosed with rese-cel with at least one month of
follow-up, 90% have experienced either no cytokine release syndrome (CRS) or grade 1 (fever) CRS and 90% have experienced no immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS). Data from these
patients will be presented at an upcoming scientific meeting in February 2025. 

Today, Cabaletta announced the following progress in support of its commitment to advance innovations that
improve the patient and physician experience, in addition to broadening the potential of rese-cel for patients: 

The first patient has been enrolled in the RESET-PV trial, evaluating
rese-cel without preconditioning in patients with pemphigus vulgaris. 

The first juvenile myositis clinical site in the RESET-Myositis trial is now open and actively recruiting. The
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) previously granted Rare Pediatric Disease designation for rese-cel in juvenile dermatomyositis. 

The first patient has been enrolled in the RESET-MG trial, evaluating rese-cel in patients with myasthenia gravis. 

The Investigational New Drug (IND) application for rese-cel has been allowed to proceed within the routine 30-day window by the FDA for the RESET-MS trial, a Phase 1/2 study evaluating rese-cel in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). In addition, the FDA has granted Fast Track
Designation to rese-cel for the treatment of relapsing and progressive forms of MS. 

In order to expand our clinical supply to address the increasing pace of enrollment in our clinical trials as
well as to prepare for registrational trial(s) across the RESET clinical development program while expanding our manufacturing options for rese-cel, Cabaletta has expanded its CDMO agreement with Lonza, a leading Contract Development and
Manufacturing Organization (CDMO), to supply rese-cel clinical product under current Good Manufacturing Practices as soon as the second half of 2025. 

In November 2024, Cabaletta presented new and updated clinical data on rese-cel supporting its potential to
achieve drug-free, compelling clinical responses based on eight patients dosed across the ongoing Phase 1/2 RESET-Myositis, RESET-SLE and RESET-SSc clinical trials at the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) Convergence 2024 conference. 

Strategic Priorities and Anticipated Key Milestones for 2025 

Gain alignment with the FDA on a path to registration for rese-cel that leverages our indication-specific trials to rapidly advance registrational programs

The Company now plans to meet with the FDA regarding registrational trial designs for rese-cel in the first half
of 2025 based on the emerging clinical and translational data and increased pace of enrollment. 

Enroll patients and complete dosing
in multiple disease-specific cohorts across the RESET clinical development program 

Present new and updated clinical and translational data on rese-cel throughout 2025. 

Continue advancing innovations designed to expand patient access and provide streamlined and positive
experiences with rese-cel for patients and providers 

Evaluate rese-cel with no preconditioning: Generate clinical and translational data evaluating rese-cel
without preconditioning from the RESET-PV trial in 2025. 

Align with FDA on whole blood replacement for apheresis: Continue to advance the whole blood manufacturing
program as a potential replacement for apheresis and seek to align with FDA on a strategy to incorporate it into the RESET clinical development program. 

Financial Guidance 

Cabaletta ended the fourth quarter of
2024 with unaudited cash and cash equivalents of $164 million. The Company expects that this cash position as of December 31, 2024 will enable it to fund its updated operating plan, including recently accelerated clinical assumptions, into
the first half of 2026. 

About the RESET-MS Trial

The RESET-MS trial is a Phase 1/2 open-label, dose
escalation study of rese-cel in subjects with relapsing and progressive forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), evaluated in separate cohorts. Subjects will receive a one-time infusion of rese-cel following a
preconditioning regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide. Key inclusion criteria for the relapsing MS cohort include patients between ages 18 to 60 (inclusive), evidence of clinical relapse during the previous 2 years, and prior treatment with a
high efficacy therapy for at least 6 months. Key progressive MS inclusion criteria include patients between ages 18 to 60 (inclusive) and evidence of objective disease worsening during the prior year while on standard of care therapy for at least 6
months. Key exclusion criteria for both cohorts include history of fulminant MS within 5 years, a prior history of seizures or other clinically significant concomitant CNS pathology, history of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, as well as
treatment with a B cell depleting agent within the prior approximately 20 weeks. 

About rese-cel (formerly referred to as CABA-201)

Rese-cel is a
4-1BB-containing fully human CD19-CAR T cell investigational therapy for patients with autoimmune diseases where B cells
contribute to the initiation and/or maintenance of disease. Following a one-time infusion of a weight-based dose, rese-cel is designed to transiently and completely deplete all CD19-positive cells. This
approach has the potential to reset the immune system and result in compelling clinical responses without chronic therapy requirements in patients. Cabaletta is currently evaluating rese-cel in the
RESET (REstoring SElf-Tolerance) clinical development program which includes multiple disease-specific, company-sponsored clinical trials across growing portfolios of autoimmune diseases in
a broad range of therapeutic areas, including rheumatology, neurology and dermatology. 

About Cabaletta Bio 

Cabaletta Bio (Nasdaq: CABA) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing and launching the first curative targeted cell therapies designed
specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases. The CABA platform encompasses two complementary strategies which aim to advance the discovery and development of engineered T cell
therapies with the potential to become deep and durable, perhaps curative, treatments for a broad range of autoimmune diseases. The lead CARTA (Chimeric Antigen Receptor T cells for Autoimmunity) strategy is prioritizing the development of rese-cel,
a 4-1BB-containing fully human CD19-CAR T cell investigational therapy. Rese-cel is currently being evaluated in the RESET (REstoring SElf-Tolerance) clinical development program spanning multiple therapeutic areas, including rheumatology, neurology and dermatology. Cabaletta Bios headquarters and labs are
located in Philadelphia, PA. For more information, please visit www.cabalettabio.com and connect with us on LinkedIn. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements of Cabaletta Bio within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
as amended, including without limitation, express or implied statements regarding: Cabalettas business plans and objectives as a whole; Cabalettas ability to realize its vision of launching the first curative targeted cell therapy
designed specifically for patients with autoimmune diseases; Cabalettas ability to successfully complete research and further development and commercialization of its drug candidates in current or future indications, including the timing and
results of Cabalettas clinical trials and its ability to conduct and complete clinical trials; expectation that clinical results will support rese-cels safety and activity profile; statements regarding the timing of interactions with
regulatory authorities, including such authorities review of safety information from Cabalettas ongoing clinical trials and potential registrational pathway for rese-cel; Cabalettas expectations around the potential success and
therapeutic benefits of rese-cel, including its belief that rese-cel has the potential to reset the immune system and result in compelling clinical responses without chronic therapy requirements in patients; the Companys advancement of
separate Phase 1/2 clinical trials of rese-cel in patients with SLE, myositis, SSc and gMG and advancement of the RESET-PV and RESET-MS trials, including updates related
to status, safety data, efficiency of clinical trial design and timing of data read-outs or otherwise; the clinical significance of the clinical data read-out at upcoming scientific meetings; Cabalettas
ability to expand its clinical supply for registrational trial(s) across the RESET clinical development program as well as to expand its manufacturing options for rese-cel; Cabalettas ability to increase enrollment in its US and Europe
clinical networks; Cabalettas ability to leverage its growing clinical trial network to accelerate development of its therapy for patients and to generate clinical and translational data; Cabalettas advancement of the whole blood
manufacturing program as a potential replacement for apheresis as well as its potential alignment with FDA in connection thereto; and Cabalettas use of capital, expense and other financial results in the future and its ability to fund
operations into the first half of 2026. 

Any forward-looking statements in this press release are based on managements current expectations and
beliefs of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to: risks related to regulatory filings and potential clearance; the risk that signs of biologic activity or persistence may not inform long-term results; Cabalettas ability to demonstrate sufficient evidence of
safety, efficacy and tolerability in its preclinical studies and clinical trials of rese-cel; the risk that the results observed with the similarly-designed construct employed in academic publications, including due to the dosing regimen, are not
indicative of the results we seek to achieve with rese-cel; risks that modifications to trial design or approach may not have the intended benefits and that the trial design may need to be further modified; risks related to clinical trial site
activation, delays in enrollment generally or enrollment rates that are lower than expected; delays related to assessment of clinical trial results; risks related to unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during clinical studies; risks related
to volatile market and economic conditions and public health crises; Cabalettas ability to retain and recognize the intended incentives conferred by Orphan Drug Designation and Fast Track Designation or other designations for its product
candidates, as applicable; risks related to Cabalettas ability to protect and maintain its intellectual property position; 

risks related to fostering and maintaining successful relationships with Cabalettas collaboration and manufacturing partners; uncertainties related to the initiation and conduct of studies
and other development requirements for its product candidates; the risk that any one or more of Cabalettas product candidates will not be successfully developed and/or commercialized; and the risk that the initial or interim results of
preclinical studies or clinical studies will not be predictive of future results in connection with future studies. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Cabalettas
actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled Risk Factors in Cabalettas most recent annual report on Form 10-K as well as
discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Cabalettas other subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and
Cabaletta undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. 

Contacts: 

Anup Marda 

Chief Financial Officer 

investors@cabalettabio.com

William Gramig 

Precision AQ 

william.gramig@precisionaq.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>caba-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>caba-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>caba-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g781872dsp001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g781872dsp002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g781872dsp003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g781872dsp004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g781872dsp005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g781872dsp006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g781872dsp007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g781872dsp008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g781872dsp009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g781872dsp010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g781872dsp011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g781872dsp012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g781872dsp013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g781872dsp014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g781872dsp015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>g781872dsp016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g781872dsp017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>g781872dsp018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>g781872dsp019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>g781872dsp020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>g781872dsp021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>g781872dsp022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>g781872dsp023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>g781872dsp024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>g781872dsp025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>g781872g0111222521596.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001759138

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CABALETTA BIO, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39103

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1685768

Entity Address, Address Line One 2929 Arch Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 600

Entity Address, City or Town Philadelphia

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19104

City Area Code (267)

Local Phone Number 759-3100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol CABA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.cabalettabio.com//20250113/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

caba-20250113.xsd 
caba-20250113_lab.xml 
caba-20250113_pre.xml 
d781872d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-005016-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>d781872d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001759138 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

false 
0001759138 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
CABALETTA BIO, INC. 
DE 
001-39103 
82-1685768 
2929 Arch Street 
Suite 600 
Philadelphia 
PA 
19104 
(267) 
759-3100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
CABA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>