<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001973.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001973.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113172522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001973
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bowen Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001973056
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SOAP, DETERGENT, CLEANING PREPARATIONS, PERFUMES, COSMETICS [2840]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41741
		FILM NUMBER:		25527126

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVE, SUITE 2446
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-998-5540

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 LEXINGTON AVE, SUITE 2446
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10170
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000197305600019730562025-01-132025-01-130001973056BOWNU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember2025-01-132025-01-130001973056BOWNU:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-132025-01-130001973056BOWNU:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToOnetenthOfOneOrdinaryShareUponCompletionOfCompanysInitialBusinessCombinationMember2025-01-132025-01-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 13, 2025

BOWEN
ACQUISITION CORP

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Cayman
Islands 001-41741 N/A

(State
or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
Incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

420
Lexington Ave, Suite 2446

New
York, NY10170

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(203)998-5540

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Units,
each consisting of one ordinary share and one right BOWNU The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary
Shares, par value $0.0001 per share BOWN The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights,
each entitling the holder to one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination BOWNR The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 13, 2025, Bowen Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), entered into Prepaid Forward
Purchase Agreement (the FPA) by and among the Company, Qianzhi Group Holding (Cayman) Limited, an exempted company incorporated
with limited liability in the Cayman Islands (NewCo), and the funds, accounts and/other investment vehicles managed by
Harraden Circle Investments, LLC signatory thereto, which is an unaffiliated shareholder of the Company (collectively, the Purchaser).
The FPA will not impact the likelihood that the Business Combination will be approved but would potentially maximize the amount of funds
retained by the Company following consummation of the Business Combination (defined below).

In
accordance with the FPA and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Purchaser shall purchase from holders of ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Company Ordinary Share) that have elected to redeem their Company
Ordinary Shares in connection with the contemplated business combination (Business Combination) between the Company, NewCo
and Shenzhen Qianzhi BioTech Company Limited (Qianzhi), up to the lesser of (a) 550,000 Company Ordinary Shares and (b)
such number of Company Ordinary Shares as shall, following the Business Combination between the Company, NewCo and Qianzhi, not to exceed
9.9% of the total number of Company Ordinary Shares to be outstanding (such shares to be purchased, the Forward Purchase Shares)
from public shareholders for a price no greater than the redemption price (the Redemption Price) per share to be paid to
redeeming public shareholders of the Company. The current Redemption Price payable to redeeming public shareholders is approximately
$10.991 per share. Any Company Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the FPA will not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination.

Upon
the Business Combination closing, 50,000 Purchased Shares shall be deemed to be Commitment Shares and the remaining Forward
Purchased Shares shall be deemed to be Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares.

No
later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the Business Combination closing and (b) the date any assets from the Companys
trust account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, the Company and NewCo shall cause Purchaser to be paid directly,
out of the funds held in the Companys trust account, a cash amount (the Prepayment Amount) equal to the number of
Forward Purchased Shares multiplied by the Redemption Price.

Upon
the subsequent sale of the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will remit the Reference Price (as defined
below) per share to the Company. On the date that is twelve months after the closing of the Business Combination (the Maturity
Date), any Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares not sold by the Purchaser will be returned by the Purchaser to the Company and any
remaining amounts in respect of the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares will be retained by Purchaser. Prior to the Maturity Date, the Purchaser
may sell Commitment Shares at any price in Purchasers sole discretion.

The
Purchaser has agreed that until the Maturity Date, the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares may not be sold for a price less than the Reference
Price. The Reference Price will initially equal the Redemption Price and may, at the Companys option, be reduced
(but never increased) at any time to the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Company Ordinary Shares for the preceding
10 trading days.

As
of the date of the FPA, an aggregate of 6,771,031 shares have been submitted for redemption in connection with the Business Combination.

The
foregoing description of the FPA is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the FPA, a copy of
which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

Neither
the Company nor any of its affiliates makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained
in this Current Report on Form 8-K. This Current Report on Form 8-K is not intended to be all-inclusive and is not intended to form the
basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the Company or the proposed business combination with NewCo and
Qianzhi.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K include forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the United
States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from expectations, estimates and projections and consequently,
you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. These forward-looking statements generally are
identified by the words or phrases such as aspire, expect, estimate, project,
budget, forecast, anticipate, intend, plan, may,
will, will be, will continue, will likely result, could, should,
believe(s), predicts, potential, continue, future, opportunity,
seek, intend, strategy, or the negative version of those words or phrases or similar expressions are
intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the Companys
expectations with respect to future performance and anticipated financial impacts of the proposed business combination with NewCo and
Qianzhi.

The
Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company
does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements
to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

Additional
Information and Where to Find It

In
connection with the proposed Business Combination, the Company has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (S-4) with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which included a prospectus of the Company as well as the Companys
proxy statement (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus), and mailed the definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus to its shareholders.
INVESTORS AND SECURITYHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS
FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY,
NEWCO, QIANZHI, THE TRANSACTIONS AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and securityholders will be able to obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
and other documents filed with the SEC by the Company through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors
and securityholders will be able to obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by directing a written request by mail to
the Company at 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2446, New York, NY 10170.

Participants
in the Solicitation

The
Company and its directors, executive officers, and employees may be considered to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection
with the transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation
of the shareholders of the Company in connection with the Business Combination, including a description of their respective direct and
indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is included in the S-4 and Proxy Statement/Prospectus. Additional information
regarding the Companys directors and executive officers can also be found in the prospectus contained in the Companys Registration
Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 13, 2023, and declared effective by the SEC July 11, 2023, in connection with the Companys
initial public offering. These documents are available free of charge as described above.

Qianzhi
and its directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of
the Company in connection with the Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information
regarding their interests in the Business Combination is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

No
Offer or Solicitation

This
Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute (i) a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any securities
or in respect of the proposed business combination, or (ii) an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or
a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation,
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities
shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act.

Item 8.01Other Events

As
described above, the Company called an extraordinary general meeting (the Meeting) for January 13, 2025 to approve, among
other matters, the Business Combination. On January 13, 2025, the Company adjourned the Meeting
to 10:00 a.m. on January 14, 2025. 

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits:

Exhibit Description

10.1 Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement

104 

Cover
Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
January 13, 2025 

By:
/s/
Jiangang Luo

Jiangang
Luo

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Execution
Version

PREPAID
FORWARD PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of January 13, 2025, by and
among Bowen Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Island exempted company (Parent), Qianzhi Group Holding (Cayman)
Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands (NewCo or the
Company), and the funds, accounts, and/other investment vehicles managed by Harraden Circle Investments,
LLC signatory hereto (collectively, the Purchaser) (collectively the Parties).
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement (as defined
below).

Recitals

WHEREAS,
Parent was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with a business;

WHEREAS,
on January 18, 2024, Parent entered into a Plan of Reorganization (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Business Combination Agreement), among (i) Parent, (ii) Bowen Merger Sub, a Cayman Islands
exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), (iii) Shenzhen Qianzhi BioTech
Company Limited, a company incorporated in the Peoples Republic of China, and (iv) the Company;

WHEREAS,
in connection with the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and following the satisfaction of certain conditions set
forth therein, the following transactions are expected to occur (among others detailed in the Business Combination Agreement): Merger
Sub shall merge with and into NewCo, with NewCo being the surviving company of the merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
(the Business Combination);

WHEREAS,
the Parties wish to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which prior to or concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination
(the Business Combination Closing), the Purchaser shall purchase up to 550,000 Parent Ordinary Shares
or such number of Parent Ordinary Shares as shall, following the Business Combination, when combined with all other shares of Parent
Ordinary Shares owned by the Purchaser and its affiliates, not exceed 9.9% (the Ownership Limit) of
the total number of shares of Parent Ordinary Shares to be outstanding after the Business Combination Closing (the shares to be purchased,
the Forward Purchase Shares, and such amount of shares, the Maximum Amount of Parent
Ordinary Shares) for an amount per share no higher than the trust redemption price (Redemption Price);
and

WHEREAS,
to the extent that the Purchaser is unable to acquire the Maximum Amount of Parent Ordinary Shares prior to or concurrently with the
Business Combination Closing, the Parties wish to enter into one or more subscription agreements in the form attached hereto as Annex
A (the Subscription Agreement)1 from time to time for the purchase by the Purchaser from
NewCo after the Business Combination Closing, subject to the Ownership Limit and at Purchasers option, of a number of shares of
Parent Ordinary Shares equal to 550,000, less the number of Forward Purchase Shares purchased prior to or concurrently with the Business
Combination Closing (the Additional Shares).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, representations, warranties and the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

Agreement

1.
Sale and Purchase of Shares.

(a)
Forward Purchase Shares.

Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Purchaser shall purchase the Forward Purchase Shares from Parent shareholders who have
previously elected to have such Parent Ordinary Shares redeemed and have effectively reversed its redemption election, for no greater
than the Redemption Price indicated by Parents periodic report most recently filed with the SEC (the Prepaid Forward
Purchase Price). The Forward Purchase Shares purchased prior to or concurrently with the Business Combination will
be Purchased Shares. Of the Purchased Shares, 50,000 of such shares will be deemed Commitment
Shares, and the remaining number of Purchased Shares will be deemed Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares..
Purchaser shall deliver to Parent written notice no later than one (1) business day on which Nasdaq and commercial banks in the City
of New York are open for business following the closing of the Business Combination detailing the number of Purchased Shares (the Forward
Closing).

(i) No
later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the Business Combination closing and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Fund
(as defined below) are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, Parent and NewCo shall cause Purchaser to be paid directly,
out of the funds so disbursed, a cash amount (the Prepayment Amount) equal to the number of Purchased
Shares multiplied by the Redemption Price.

1
NTD: The Subscription Agreement will provide for registration rights.

1

(ii)
Upon the sale of the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will remit the Reference Price (as defined below)
per share to Parent, subject to adjustments and as provided in Section 1(a)(iii). On the date that is twelve (12) months after
the Business Combination Closing (the Maturity Date), any Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares not sold
by the Purchaser will be returned to Parent and any remaining amounts in respect of the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares will be retained
by Purchaser, less any amounts still owed to Parent from sales effected prior to the Maturity Date. Should all Prepaid Forward Purchase
Shares be sold pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Maturity Date shall be accelerated to the date one day after the full settlement
of such sales.

(iii)
Until the Maturity Date, the Purchaser agrees to the following sales conditions for the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares: (A) on a daily
basis, all sales must either (I) equal or exceed the Reference Price, where the Reference Price will initially equal the
Redemption Price and (II) at Parents option, may be reduced (but never increased) at any time to the lowest daily volume-weighted
average price over the preceding ten (10) trading days. Any reset of the Reference Price shall be accomplished through a written notice
from Parent to Purchaser pursuant to Section 8(a). Prior to the Maturity Date, the Purchaser may sell Commitment Shares in Purchasers
sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt the Commitment Shares may be sold at any price at the Purchasers sole discretion.

(iv)
In the event that the Purchaser owns in excess of the Ownership Limit at the Business Combination Closing, Purchaser shall return to
Parent a number of Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares such that, after the return of such Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares, it will own no
more than the Ownership Limit after giving effect to the Business Combination. Purchaser shall retain the Redemption Price associated
with any Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares returned pursuant to this paragraph.

(v)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall make no purchases of Forward Purchase Shares in the open market on or following the date
that shareholders of Parent shall no longer be entitled to have their Parent Ordinary Shares redeemed in connection with the Business
Combination (the Redemption Deadline), provided that Purchaser may effect purchases of Parent Ordinary
Shares after the Redemption Deadline from a shareholder who has previously elected to have such Parent Ordinary Shares redeemed and has
effectively reversed its redemption election, provided that the amount paid per Parent Ordinary Share is no higher than the Redemption
Price.

(b)
Additional Shares.

(i)
To the extent that the Purchaser is unable to acquire the Maximum Amount of Parent Ordinary Shares prior to or concurrently with the
Business Combination Closing due to the Ownership Limit, the Purchaser may, from time to time at Purchasers option, purchase a
number of Parent Ordinary Shares equal to 550,000, less the number of Purchased Shares purchased prior to or concurrently with the Business
Combination Closing, at the Redemption Price, pursuant to one or more subscription agreements to be entered into with Parent; provided,
however, that the Purchaser shall not purchase an amount of Additional Shares such that, following the issuance of Additional Shares,
its ownership would exceed the Ownership Limit unless the Purchaser in its sole discretion waives such Ownership Limit. For the avoidance
of doubt, any Additional Shares purchased by the Purchaser will be deemed to be Purchased Shares for all purposes under this Agreement.

2

(ii)
The Prepayment Amount due to the Purchaser with respect to the Additional Shares shall be netted against the purchase price for the Additional
Shares, with the Purchaser being able to reduce the purchase price for the Additional Shares by the Prepayment Amount.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company as follows, as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization
and Power. The Purchaser is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation
and has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and as proposed to be conducted.

(b) Authorization.
The Purchaser has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Purchaser,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms,
except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and any other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, or (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

(c) Governmental
Consents and Filings. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or
filing with, any federal, state or local governmental authority is required on the part of the Purchaser in connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) Compliance
with Other Instruments. The execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation by the Purchaser
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in any violation or default (i) of any provisions of its organizational
documents, (ii) of any instrument, judgment, order, writ or decree to which it is a party or by which it is bound, (iii) under any note,
indenture or mortgage to which it is a party or by which it is bound, (iv) under any lease, agreement, contract or purchase order to
which it is a party or by which it is bound or (v) of any provision of federal or state statute, rule or regulation applicable to the
Purchaser, in each case (other than clause (i)), which would have a material adverse effect on the Purchasers ability to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(e) Sophistication.
The Purchaser, and each of the funds managed by or affiliated with Purchaser for which Purchaser is acting as nominee, as applicable,
(i) is an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act)), (ii) is acquiring the securities hereunder only for his, her or its own account, and not for the account of
others, or if Purchaser is subscribing for the securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, Purchaser has full
investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations
and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account, and (iii) is not acquiring the securities with a view to, or for
offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act. The Purchaser is a sophisticated investor,
experienced in investing and other relevant business matters, including with respect to private investments of a similar nature, as is
capable of independently evaluating the merits and risks with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security
or securities investment in general and specifically with regard to an investment in the securities offered hereby, and exercised independent
judgment in evaluating the Purchasers participation in the purchase of the securities. The Purchaser is not an entity formed for
the specific purpose of acquiring the securities.

(f) Disclosure
of Information. The Purchaser has had sufficient opportunity to discuss NewCos business, management, financial affairs and
the terms and conditions of the offering of the Forward Purchase Shares with NewCos management.

(g) No
Other Representations and Warranties; Non-Reliance. Except for the specific representations and warranties contained in this Section
2 and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, none of the Purchaser, any person acting on behalf of the Purchaser
or any of the Purchasers affiliates (the Purchaser Parties) has made, makes or shall be deemed to make any
other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Purchaser and this offering, and the Purchaser Parties disclaim
any such representation or warranty. Except for the specific representations and warranties expressly made by Parent, on the one hand,
and NewCo and the Company, on the other hand, in Section 3 of this Agreement and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant
hereto, the Purchaser Parties specifically disclaim that they are relying upon any other representations or warranties that may have
been made by Parent and the Company, any person on behalf of Parent and the Company or any of their affiliates.

3

3. Representations
and Warranties of Parent and NewCo. Each of Parent and NewCo represent and warrant to the Purchaser as follows:

(a) Incorporation
and Corporate Power. Each of Parent and NewCo are duly formed and validly existing as exempted companies under the under the laws
of the Cayman Islands and each has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and as proposed
to be conducted.

(b) Authorization.
All action required to be taken by Parents and NewCos Board of Directors in order to authorize Parent and NewCo to
enter into this Agreement have been taken. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by Parent and NewCo, shall constitute the valid
and legally binding obligation of Parent and NewCo, enforceable against Parent and NewCo in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating
to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Governmental
Consents and Filings. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Purchaser in this Agreement, no consent,
approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any federal, state or local
governmental authority is required on the part of the Parent in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, except for applicable requirements of the Securities Act, and applicable state securities laws, if any.

(d) Compliance
with Other Instruments. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement will not result in any violation or default (i) of any provisions of Parents or NewCos the organizational
documents, as they may be amended from time to time, (ii) of any instrument, judgment, order, writ or decree to which Parent or NewCo
is a party or by which it is bound, (iii) under any note, indenture or mortgage to which Parent or NewCo is a party or by which it is
bound, (iv) under any lease, agreement, contract or purchase order to which Parent or NewCo is a party or by which it is bound or (v)
of any provision of federal or state statute, rule or regulation applicable to Parent or NewCo, as applicable, in each case (other than
clause (i)) which would have a material adverse effect on Parent or NewCo, as applicable, or its ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; provided that to the extent that a waiver or consent is required in order to issue the Purchased Shares,
such consent will be obtained prior to issuing the Purchased Shares.

(e) SEC
Filings. None of Parents reports and other filings with the Sec contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.

(f) Survival.
The representations and warranties made by Parent and NewCo in the Business Combination Agreement are true and correct, as qualified
by the Parent Schedule or the Company Schedule, as applicable, and except to the extent that any failure to be so true and correct (without
giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as to materiality or material adverse effect), individually or in the aggregate, have
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the assets, business, liabilities, results of operations,
or condition (financial or otherwise) of Parent or NewCo, as applicable, or the ability of Parent or NewCo, as applicable, to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.

(g) No
Other Representations and Warranties; Non-Reliance. Except for the specific representations and warranties contained in this Section
3 and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, neither Parent nor NewCo has made, makes or shall be deemed to make,
any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent or NewCo, as applicable, this offering or the Business
Combination, and Parent and NewCo disclaim any such representation or warranty. Except for the specific representations and warranties
expressly made by the Purchaser in Section 2 of this Agreement and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, Parent
and NewCo specifically disclaim that they are relying upon any other representations or warranties that may have been made by the Purchaser
Parties.

4

4. Additional
Agreements, Acknowledgements and Waivers of the Purchaser.

(a) Lock-up;
Transfer Restrictions. The Purchaser agrees that, until the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date all Prepaid Forward Purchase
Shares have been sold, it shall not directly or indirectly transfer any Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares, Purchased Shares or Commitment
Shares except as in compliance with this Agreement.

(b) No
Hedging, etc. Prior to the Maturity Date, the Purchaser agrees not to (i) effect any short sales as defined in Rule
200 of Regulation SHO under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing
shares of Parent Ordinary Shares), (ii) trade in publicly-traded options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments related to Bowens
equity or debt securities or (iii) purchase financial instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the
short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds, that are designed to or
that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any securities of Parent.

(c) Company
Option. Parent and Purchaser may agree to increase the size of the facility through the issuance of warrants with underlying registration
rights. The precise mechanism for increasing the size of the facility through warrants shall be mutually agreed to by Parent, NewCo and
Purchaser prior to formalization.

(d) Trust
Fund.

(i) The
Purchaser hereby acknowledges that it is aware that Parent has established a trust account for the benefit of its public stockholders
(the Trust Fund). The Purchaser, for itself and its affiliates, hereby agrees that it has no right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Fund, or any other asset of Parent as a result of any liquidation
of Parent, except for redemption and liquidation rights, if any, the Purchaser may have in respect of any public shares of Parent held
by it.

(ii) The
Purchaser hereby agrees that it shall have no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
to, or to any monies in, the Trust Fund, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Fund that it may
have now or in the future, except for redemption and liquidation rights, if any, the Purchaser may have in respect of any public shares
of Parent held by it. If the Purchaser has any Claim against Parent under this Agreement, the Purchaser shall pursue such Claim solely
against Parent and its assets outside the Trust Fund and not against the property or any monies in the Trust Fund, except for redemption
and liquidation rights, if any, the Purchaser may have in respect of any public shares of Parent held by it.

5. Additional
Agreements, Acknowledgements and Waivers of Bowen and the Company.

(a) Parent
and NewCo shall comply with the Securities and Exchange Commissions guidance, including Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
No. 166.01, for all relevant disclosure in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and will not file
with the SEC any Current Report on Form 8-K, Registration Statement on Form S-4, including any post-effective amendment thereof, proxy
statement, or other document that includes any disclosure regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby without consulting
with and reasonably considering any comments received from Purchaser, provided that, no consultation shall be required with respect to
any subsequent disclosures that are substantially similar to prior disclosures by Parent that were reviewed by Purchaser.

(b) Purchaser
hereby waives all redemption rights with respect to the Forward Purchase Shares in connection with the Business Combination.

(c) Purchaser
has agreed not to vote the shares it purchases pursuant to this Agreement at any vote of Parents stockholders in connection with
the Business Combination. This Agreement has been structured, and all activity in connection with such agreement has been undertaken,
to comply with Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation No. 166.01.

(d)
The Purchaser waives all rights to vote such Purchased Shares until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination and the
termination of the Business Combination Agreement. NewCo hereby agrees and acknowledges that, prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination, the Purchaser shall not be deemed an affiliate of Parent within the meaning of Rule 144.

5

(e) Should
a registration statement become a requirement to affect the sale of the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares, the Parties shall agree to file
a registration statement under mutually agreed terms.

6.
Termination.

(a)
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Forward Closing:

(i) by
mutual written consent of Parent, NewCo and the Purchaser;

(ii) by
Purchaser, if there is any amendment to the Business Combination Agreement to which the Purchaser has not consented and which the Purchaser
reasonably determines affects the value of the Forward Purchase Shares;

(iii) automatically
if the Parties cannot reach an agreement under Section 5(e);

(iv) automatically
if the Business Combination is not consummated by the one-year anniversary of the date of this Agreement; and

(v)
automatically if it is determined by Parent, in its sole and reasonable discretion, that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
would result in a liability being recorded on the balance sheet of Parent or otherwise adversely impair the ability of Parent to satisfy
the requirements of SEC Rule 419 and consummate the Business Combination.

(b) In
the event of a termination of this Agreement prior to the Business Combination Closing pursuant to Section 6(a)(ii), the Prepaid
Forward Purchase Price, if paid, and all Purchasers funds paid in connection herewith shall be returned to the Purchaser on the
trust redemption or liquidation date and Purchaser shall return all Forward Purchase Shares. In the event of a termination of this Agreement
following the Business Combination Closing, the Purchaser shall return the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares to Parent and any remaining
amounts in respect of the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares will be retained by Purchaser, less any amounts still owed to Parent from sales
effected prior to the Maturity Date, and, in either case, thereafter this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void and have no
effect, without any liability on the part of the Purchaser, Parent or NewCo or their respective directors, officers, employees, partners,
managers, members, or stockholders, and all rights and obligations of each Party shall cease; provided, however, that nothing
contained in this Section 6 shall relieve any Party from liabilities or damages arising out of any fraud or willful breach by
such Party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement.

7.
Indemnification. Parent and NewCo, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser from and against any and
all losses, claims, damages, judgments, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented
attorneys fees), joint or several, which Purchaser may become subject to, as a result of entering into this Agreement, other than
for any breach of this Agreement by Purchaser for which Purchaser shall not be indemnified.

8. General
Provisions.

(a) Notices.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively
given upon the earlier of actual receipt, or (i) personal delivery to the Party to be notified, (ii) when sent, if sent by electronic
mail or facsimile (if any) during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients
next Business Day, (iii) five (5) Business Days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, or (iv) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next
Business Day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications to any Party shall be sent to such Partys address
as set forth on the signature page hereof, or to such e-mail address, facsimile number (if any) or address as subsequently modified by
written notice given in accordance with this Section 8(a).

6

(b) No
Finders Fees. Each Party represents that it will is and will not be obligated for any finders fee or commission in
connection with this transaction. The Purchaser agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless Parent and NewCo from any liability for any
commission or compensation in the nature of a finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and
expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the Purchaser or any of its officers, employees or representatives
is responsible. Each of Parent and NewCo agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser from any liability for any commission or
compensation in the nature of a finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and expenses of defending
against such liability or asserted liability) for which Parent, NewCo or any of their respective officers, employees or representatives
is responsible.

(c) Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution of this
Agreement.

(d) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with any documents, instruments and writings that are delivered pursuant hereto or referenced
herein, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof
or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(e) Successors.
All of the terms, agreements, covenants, representations, warranties, and conditions of this Agreement are binding upon, and inure
to the benefit of and are enforceable by, the Parties and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied,
is intended to confer upon any party other than the Parties or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations
or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

(f) Assignments.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no Party may assign this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations
hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Parties.

(g) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument.

(h) Headings.
The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

(i) Governing
Law. This Agreement, the entire relationship of the Parties, and any dispute between the Parties (whether grounded in contract, tort,
statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to its choice of laws principles.

(j) Jurisdiction.
The Parties (i) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts of New York located in New
York County and to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for the purpose of any
suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (ii) agree not to commence any suit, action or other proceeding
arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in state courts of New York located in New York County or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (iii) hereby waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise,
in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that
its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum,
that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced
in or by such court.

(k) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LITIGATION PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(l) Amendments.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision except with the prior written consent of the
Parties.

7

(m) Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement will be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision will not affect
the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof; provided, that if any provision of this Agreement, as applied to any Party
or to any circumstance, is adjudged by a governmental authority, arbitrator, or mediator not to be enforceable in accordance with its
terms, the Parties agree that the governmental authority, arbitrator, or mediator making such determination will have the power to modify
the provision in a manner consistent with its objectives should that it is enforceable, and to delete specific words or phrases, and
in its reduced form, such provision will then be enforceable and will be enforced.

(n) Expenses.
NewCo and Parent shall reimburse the Purchaser for all reasonable and documented legal fees incurred in connection with the preparation,
execution and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herby upon the Business Combination
Closing. Parent and NewCo also agree to reimburse the Purchaser for any commissions payable to acquire the Purchased Shares upon the
Business Combination Closing. Parent shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent; stamp taxes and all of The Depository Trust
Companys fees associated with the issuance of the Forward Purchase Shares.

(o) Construction.
The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or
interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof will
arise favoring or disfavoring any Party because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state,
local, or foreign law will be deemed also to refer to law as amended and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the
context requires otherwise. The words include, includes, and including
will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be
construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless
the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof,
hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The Parties intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained
herein will have independent significance. If any Party has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any
respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the
relative levels of specificity) which such Party has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such Party is in breach
of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

(p) Waiver.
No waiver by any Party of any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not,
may be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect
in any way any rights arising because of any prior or subsequent occurrence.

(q) Specific
Performance. The Purchaser agrees that irreparable damage may occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was not performed
by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof and that Parent and NewCo shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms
hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or equity.

(r) Counterparts;
Electronic Execution. This Agreement may be signed in multiple counterparts and each counterpart shall represent a fully executed
original as if signed by the Parties. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic
format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

PURCHASER

Harraden
Circle Investments, LLC

Investment
Manager to: 

Harraden
Circle Investors, LP

Harraden
Circle Special Opportunities, LP 

By: /s/
Frederick V. Fortmiller 

Name:
Frederick V. Fortmiller

Title:
Managing Member

Address
for Notices:

299
Park Ave 21st FL

New
York, NY 10171

Email:
fformiller@harraden.com

With
a copy to:

PARENT

Bowen
Acquisition Corp. 

By: /s/
Jiangang Luo 

Name:
Jiangang Luo

Title:
CEO

Address
for Notices:

Bowen
Acquisition Corp

420
Lexington Ave, Suite 2446

New
York, NY 10170

Attn: Jiangang Luo

Email: jiangangluo@bowenBowen.com

With
a copy to:

Graubard
Miller

405
Lexington Ave, 44th Floor

New
York, NY 10174

Attention:
David Alan Miller, Esq., Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq., Eric Schwartz, Esq.

E-mail:
dmiller@graubard.com; jgallant@graubard.com; eschwartz@graubard.com

Signature
Page to the Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement

NewCo

By: /s/
Xiaoqin Lin 

Qianzhi
Group Holdings (Cayman) Limited

1705,
Block B, KK 100 Building

5016
East Shennan Road

Luoho
District, Shenzhen

Guangdong
Province, 51800

Peoples
Republic of China

Attention:
Xiaoqin Lin, Chief Executive Officer

Liangwen
Wang, Chief Financial Officer

E-mail:
395644267@qq.com (Lin); 275267023@qq.com (Wang)

with
copies to (which shall not constitute notice):

Becker
& Poliakoff, P.A.-

45
Broadway, 17th Floor

New
York, NY 10006

Attention:
Chengying Xiu, Esq.

E-mail:
jxiu@beckerlawyers.com

Signature
Page to the Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>bownu-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bownu-20250113_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bownu-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each entitling the holder to one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bownu-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 13, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41741

Entity Registrant Name BOWEN
ACQUISITION CORP

Entity Central Index Key 0001973056

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 420
Lexington Ave

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2446

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10170

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 998-5540

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units,
each consisting of one ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol BOWNU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary
Shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol BOWN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each entitling the holder to one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights,
each entitling the holder to one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination

Trading Symbol BOWNR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BOWNU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BOWNU_OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BOWNU_RightsEachEntitlingHolderToOnetenthOfOneOrdinaryShareUponCompletionOfCompanysInitialBusinessCombinationMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bowenacquisitioncorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bownu-20250113.xsd 
bownu-20250113_def.xml 
bownu-20250113_lab.xml 
bownu-20250113_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001973-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001973056 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

0001973056 

BOWNU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

0001973056 

BOWNU:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

0001973056 

BOWNU:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToOnetenthOfOneOrdinaryShareUponCompletionOfCompanysInitialBusinessCombinationMember 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001973056 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
BOWEN ACQUISITION CORP 
E9 
001-41741 
420 Lexington Ave 
Suite 2446 
New York 
NY 
10170 
(203) 
998-5540 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 
BOWNU 
NASDAQ 
Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
BOWN 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each entitling the holder to one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination 
BOWNR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>