<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-000583.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-000583.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129191240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-000583
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNBX Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001343009
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				203373669
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52403
		FILM NUMBER:		25570655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-424-2429

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Mining Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thrust Energy Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051031
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cnbx_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS INC. Form 8-K

false000134300900013430092025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

January
24, 2025

CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Nevada 000-52403 20-3373669

(State or other
jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

#3 Bethesda Metro Center

Suite 700

Bethesda, MD20814

(Address of principal executive offices and Zip
Code)

877424-2429

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code)

_____________________________

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 24th,
2025, the Company and an institutional investor executed a 9 month Convertible Promissory Note which tenders the Company of $55,000 immediately
and up to $850,000 over the term of the Note subject to certain conditions.

Per the terms of the
Agreement, there is a 9% OID, and carries interest at 10% per annum. The Company has an open right of redemption at 125% of face value.

The Investor has agreed
that neither it nor any of its affiliates shall engage in any short-selling or hedging of our Common Stock during any time during the
term of the Agreements. Pursuant to the Agreements, the Company is required to register all shares which the investor may acquire.

The foregoing is a summary
description of certain terms of the Agreements. For a full description of all terms, please refer to the copy of the Agreements which
are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 et seq. to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. All interested
parties are encouraged to read the entire text of the listed Agreements.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

10.1 Convertible Promissory Note

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

Date: January 29, 2025 By: /s/ Eyal Barad

Eyal Barad

Director, CEO

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cnbx_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID
ACT.

Principal Amount: $55,000.00 Issue Date: January 23, 2025

Purchase Price: $55,000.00

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS INC., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to the
order of 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder) the
sum of $55,000.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on October 30, 2025 the Maturity Date), and to pay interest
on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of ten percent (10%) (the Interest Rate) per annum from the date hereof
(the Issue Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise.
This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest
on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per annum from the due date thereof
until the same is paid (Default Interest). Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365 day year and the actual number
of days elapsed. Interest shall commence accruing on the Issue Date but shall not be payable until the Note becomes payable (whether at
Maturity Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, $0.0001
par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United
States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made
in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase
Agreement).

This Note is free from all
taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar
rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

1 

The following terms shall apply to this Note:

ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

1.1 Conversion
Right. The Holder shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred
eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date, or (ii) the date of payment of the
Default Amount (as defined in Article III), each in respect of the remaining outstanding amount of this Note to convert all or any part
of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists
on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be
changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the Conversion Price) determined as provided herein (a Conversion);
provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that
portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion
of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of
the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership
by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately
preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso.
The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined
below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below;
provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to
result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date);
however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day.
The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this
Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal
amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option,
any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.4 hereof. The Holder shall be entitled to deduct $1,500.00 from the conversion
amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder's deposit fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. Any additional expenses
incurred by Holder with respect to the Borrower's transfer agent, for the issuance of the Common Stock into which this Note is convertible
into, shall immediately and automatically be added to the balance of the Note at such time as the expenses are incurred by Holder.

1.2 Conversion
Price. The Conversion Price shall equal 65% multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 35%).
Market Price means the average of the lowest two (2) Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the
ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means,
for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading
market (the OTC) as reported by a reliable reporting service (Reporting Service) designated by the Holder
(i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security
is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed
in the pink sheets. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above,
the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of
the Notes being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such
Notes. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

2 

1.3 Authorized
Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon
the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized
and reserved four times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price
of the Note in effect from time to time)(the Reserved Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time
in accordance with the Borrowers obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital
structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion
Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that
it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and
(ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of
executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Note.

If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain
the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note.

1.4 Method of Conversion.

(a) Mechanics
of Conversion. As set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which
is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date
of payment of the Default Amount, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after the
Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication
dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note
at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder).

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and
the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require
physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(c) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable
means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower
shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion
of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement.
Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to
reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this
Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets,
as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of
any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment
against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower
to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder
of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower
to the Holder in connection with such conversion.

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion,
provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST)
program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts
to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system.

3 

(e) Failure
to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies, including
actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note
is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in
cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee);
provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and
not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common
Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the
option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall
be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note
and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees
that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference
with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages
provision contained in this Section 1.4(e) are justified.

1.5 Concerning
the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions)
to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such
as Rule 144 or a successor rule) (Rule 144); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined
in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is
an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

Any restrictive legend on
certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to
the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion
of counsel from Holders counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to
the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall
be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise
may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel
provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), at the
Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

1.6 Effect of Certain Events.

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of
the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into
any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined
in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to
such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual, corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

4 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to
the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days
prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to
the Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off))
(a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

1.7 Prepayment.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, at any time during the periods set forth on the table immediately following
this paragraph (the Prepayment Periods) or as otherwise agreed to between the Borrower and the Holder, the Borrower shall
have the right, exercisable on not more than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding
Note (principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 1.7. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional
Prepayment Notice) shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower
is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three (3) Trading Days from the
date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the Optional Prepayment Date), the Borrower shall
make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to Holder, or upon the direction of the Holder as specified by the
Holder in a writing to the Borrower (which shall direction to be sent to Borrower by the Holder at least one (1) business day prior to
the Optional Prepayment Date). If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder
of an amount in cash equal to the percentage (Prepayment Percentage) as set forth in the table immediately following this
paragraph opposite the applicable Prepayment Period, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note
plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y)
Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to
Section 1.4 hereof (the Optional Prepayment Amount).

5 

Prepayment Period Prepayment Percentage

1. The period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which is thirty (30) days following the Issue Date. 110%

2. The period beginning on the date which is thirty-one (31) days following
the Issue Date and ending on the date which is sixty (60)

days following the Issue Date. 115%

3. The period beginning on the date which is sixty-one (61) days following
the Issue Date and ending on the date which is ninety

(90) days following the Issue Date. 120%

4. The period beginning on the date which is ninety-one (91) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is one hundred fifty (150) days following the Issue Date. 125%

5. The period beginning on the date which is one hundred fifty- one
(151) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date

which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date. 130%

After the expiration of the Prepayment Periods
set forth above, the Borrower may submit an Optional Prepayment Notice to the Holder. Upon receipt by the Holder of the Optional Prepayment
Notice post Prepayment Periods, the prepayment shall be subject to the Holders and the Borrowers agreement with respect
to the applicable Prepayment Percentage.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, the Holders conversion rights herein shall not be affected in any way until the Note is fully paid (funds received by
the Holder) pursuant to an Optional Prepayment Notice.

ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events of default (each, an Event of
Default) shall occur:

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal and Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity or upon acceleration and such breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from the Holder.

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or
impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to
this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor
the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat
not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice
of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of
default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer
agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrowers transfer agent in order to process a conversion,
such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder.

6 

3.3 Breach
of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral
documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate
given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or
misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect
on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver
or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

3.6 Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.

3.7 Delisting
of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which specifically
includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market,
the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange.

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the
Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

3.9 Liquidation.
Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.11 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days
after the Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by
comparison to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect
to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.12 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.13 Cross-Default.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the
Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice
and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which
event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this
Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively,
all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of
the Holder, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term Other Agreements shall not include
the related or companion documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction
and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder.

7 

UPON THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE
CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE AND THE BORROWER
SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT AMOUNT (AS DEFINED
HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (other than as specified in Section 3.2 hereof), the
Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations
hereunder, an amount equal to 150% times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus
(x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment
Date) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any
amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the
date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default
Amount) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or
notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses,
of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount
within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall have the right at any time,
so long as the Borrower remains in default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares), to require the
Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower
equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price then in effect.

ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2 Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, or electronic mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by electronic mail, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business
hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business
day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing
by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.
The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the
Borrower, to:

CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS
INC.

#3 Bethesda
Metro Center, Suite 700

Bethesda,
Maryland 20814

Attn: Eyal
Barad, Chief Executive Officer Email: eyalbarad@cannabics.com

If to the
Holder:

1800 DIAGONAL
LENDING LLC

1800 Diagonal
Road, Suite 623

Alexandria
VA 22314

Attn: Curt
Kramer, President

e-mail:
ckramer6@bloomberg.net

8 

With a copy
by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Naidich Wurman LLP

111 Great
Neck Road, Suite 216

Great Neck, NY 11021

Attn: Allison
Naidich

facsimile: 516-466-3555

e-mail:
allison@nwlaw.com

4.3 Amendments.
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4 Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities
and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection
with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without the consent of the Borrower.

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees.

4.6 Governing
Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall
be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action
instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non
conveniens. The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The Holder shall be entitled to recover from the Borrower its reasonable
attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined in Article III hereof.
In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under
any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof or any agreement delivered in connection herewith.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to
it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

4.7 Purchase
Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

4.8 Remedies.
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this
Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on January 23, 2025

CNBX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

By: Eyal Barad 

Eyal Barad

Chief Executive Officer

10 

EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The undersigned hereby elects
to convert $ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant
to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS INC., a Nevada corporation (the
Borrower) according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of January 23, 2025 (the Note),
as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box Checked as to applicable instructions:

[ ] The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable
pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent
Commission system (DWAC Transfer).

Name of
DTC Prime Broker:

Account
Number:

[ ] The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate
or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation attached
hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Date of
conversion: ___________

Applicable
Conversion Price: ___________

Number of
shares of common stock to be issued

pursuant
to conversion of the Notes: _____________

Amount of
Principal Balance due remaining

under the
Note after this conversion: _____________

1800 DIAGONAL
LENDING LLC

By: ____________________________

Name: Curt
Kramer

Title: President

Date: _____________

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cnbx-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cnbx-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cnbx-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 000-52403

Entity Registrant Name CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001343009

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-3373669

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One #3 Bethesda Metro Center

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 700

Entity Address, City or Town Bethesda

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20814

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 424-2429

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cannabics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cnbx-20250124.xsd 
cnbx-20250124_lab.xml 
cnbx-20250124_pre.xml 
cnbx_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-000583-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>cnbx_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001343009 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001343009 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
CNBX PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
NV 
000-52403 
20-3373669 
#3 Bethesda Metro Center 
Suite 700 
Bethesda 
MD 
20814 
877 
424-2429 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>