<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-017743.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-017743.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131081238
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-017743
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ecovyst Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708035
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				813406833
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38221
		FILM NUMBER:		25575985

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 LINDENWOOD DRIVE
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-617-1200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 LINDENWOOD DRIVE
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PQ Group Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170531
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d907398d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000170803500017080352025-01-302025-01-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2025

Ecovyst Inc.

Commission File Number: 001-38221 

Delaware 81-3406833

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

300 Lindenwood Drive 

Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(484)617-1200

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share ECVT New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 30, 2025 (the Third Amendment Effective Date), Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC (Ecovyst) and Eco Services Operations Corp. (Eco Services, and together with Ecovyst, collectively, the Borrowers), each an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Ecovyst Inc., entered into a third amendment agreement (the Amendment) among the Borrowers, Ecovyst Midco II Inc., UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, which amends that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021, by and among the Borrowers, Ecovyst Midco II Inc., UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended by that certain First Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023 and that certain Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2024 (the Existing Credit Agreement). 

The Amendment amended the Existing Credit Agreement to, among other things, (a) reduce the interest rate applicable to all outstanding SOFR term loans to term SOFR plus 2.00% per annum from a maximum of adjusted term SOFR plus 2.25% per annum, and (b) reduce the interest rate applicable to all outstanding base rate term loans to the alternate base rate plus 1.00% per annum from a maximum of the alternate base rate plus 1.25% per annum. 

The foregoing description of the Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the Amendment is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and among the Borrowers, Ecovyst Midco II Inc., UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: January 31, 2025 

Ecovyst Inc.

By: 

/s/ Joseph S. Koscinski

Name: Joseph S. Koscinski

Title: Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d907398dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

THIRD AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 

This THIRD AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 30, 2025 (this Third Amendment) is entered into by and
among Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Parent Borrower), Eco Services Operations Corp., a Delaware corporation (Eco Services), Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Holdings), the Guarantors, Citibank, N.A., as the Replacement Lender (as defined below) and UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent). 

A. The Parent Borrower, Eco Services (a Borrower), Holdings, and the other Borrowers and the Guarantors from time to time
party thereto, each Lender party thereto to from time to time and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of June 9, 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of
February 9, 2023, the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2024, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing
Credit Agreement and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Third Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement). Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement. 

B. Citi (as defined below), BofA Securities, Inc. (or any of its
designated affiliates), UBS Securities LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. are acting as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (in such capacities, the
Amendment Arrangers) in connection with this Third Amendment. For purposes of this Third Amendment, Citi shall mean Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citibank, N.A., Citicorp North America, Inc. and/or any of their
affiliates as Citi shall determine to be appropriate to provide the services contemplated herein. 

C. Pursuant to
Section 9.02(c) of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Parent Borrower has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended to, among other things: (a) reduce the Applicable Rate with respect to all Initial Term Loans
outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Third Amendment (collectively, the Existing Term Loans) and (b) make certain other changes as more fully set forth herein. 

D. Each Term Lender under the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) (collectively, the
Existing Term Lenders) that executes and delivers a consent to this Third Amendment (the Consenting Term Lenders) in the form of the Lender Consent attached to the Memorandum to Lenders posted on SyndTrak or
Debt Domain on January 14, 2025 (the Lender Consent) will be deemed to have irrevocably agreed and consented to the terms of this Third Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement. 

F. Each Existing Term Lender that fails to execute and return a Lender Consent by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time), on January 16, 2025 (the
Consent Deadline) (each, a Non-Consenting Term Lender) shall, in accordance with Section 2.19(b)(iv) of the Credit Agreement, assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to
the restrictions contained in Section 9.05 of the Credit Agreement), all of its interests, rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement to the Replacement Lender as further set forth in this Amendment. 

G. By executing and delivering a signature page to this Third Amendment, the Administrative Agent will be deemed upon the Third Amendment
Effective Date (as defined below) to have irrevocably agreed to the terms of this Third Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement. 

H. To accomplish the foregoing (a) the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (on
behalf of itself and on behalf of all Consenting Term Lenders (which such Consenting Term Lenders constitute the Required Lenders)) are willing to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth below. 

J. The amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement set forth below are each subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to
effectiveness referred to herein and shall become effective as provided herein. 

Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual agreements
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof, the
Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself and on behalf of the Consenting Term Lenders (which such Consenting Term Lenders constitute the Required Lenders)) agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the
stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the
double- underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text) as set forth in the changed pages of the Existing Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

SECTION 2. Consenting Term Lenders; Non-Consenting Term Lenders; Administrative Agent Authorization. 

(a) Consenting Term Lenders. Each Existing Term Lender executing and delivering a Lender Consent hereby consents and agrees to this Third
Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(b) Non-Consenting Term Lenders. On the Third Amendment Effective Date, immediately
prior to the effectiveness of this Third Amendment, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have exercised their rights under Section 2.19(b)(iv) of the Credit Agreement to require each Non-Consenting Term Lender in respect of this Third
Amendment, upon notice to such Non-Consenting Term Lender and the Administrative Agent (which notice this Third Amendment hereby constitutes), to assign and delegate without recourse its Existing Term Loans to Citi (in its capacity as Eligible
Assignee thereof, as required by Section 2.19(b)(iv) of the Credit Agreement, the Replacement Lender), and by its execution of this Third Amendment, (i) Citi agrees to accept such assignments and approves this
Third Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement as the Replacement Lender hereunder, (ii) the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent hereby agree that neither the Borrowers nor the Administrative Agents consent shall be required
for any assignments of Existing Term Loans to and/or by Citi (or the Administrative Agent, as applicable) in connection with the primary syndication of Existing Term Loans repriced pursuant to this Third Amendment (to the extent the applicable
assignee (or its affiliate) has been identified on a list approved by the Borrower on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date) so long as such assignments are consummated on or prior to the date that is 90 days after the Third Amendment
Effective Date (or such later date as mutually agreed by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent) and (iii) the parties hereto acknowledge the Administrative Agents full authority and discretion, pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms of Section 2.19(b) of the Credit Agreement, to act in the place and name of each Non- Consenting Term Lender and to execute any Assignment and Assumption (or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem
reasonably necessary) to carry out the provisions thereof. 

(c) Administrative Agent Authorization. The Borrowers and the Consenting
Term Lenders whose signatures appear below authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to (i) execute and deliver a counterpart to this Third Amendment on its behalf and on behalf of the Required Lenders and the Consenting Term Lenders,
(ii) determine all amounts, percentages and other information with respect to 

2 

the Loans of each Lender, which amounts, percentages and other information may be determined only upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of the Lender Consents and the signature pages of all
Lenders whose signatures appear below and (iii) enter and complete all such amounts, percentages and other information in the Amended Credit Agreement, as appropriate. The Administrative Agents determination and entry and completion shall
be conclusive and shall be conclusive evidence of the existence, amounts, percentages and other information with respect to the obligations of the Borrowers under the Amended Credit Agreement, in each case, absent clearly demonstrable error. 

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Third Amendment, the Borrowers and
each Guarantor represent and warrant to each of the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent that, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date: 

(a) the execution, delivery and performance of this Third Amendment are within each applicable Loan Partys corporate or other
organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on the part of each such Loan Party; 

(b) this Third Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan
Party; enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations; 

(c) the execution and delivery of this Third Amendment
by each Loan Party hereto and the performance by each Loan Party hereof do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority except (i) such as have been obtained or made and
are in full force and effect, (ii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements and (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations or filings or other actions the failure to obtain or make which could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; and 

(d) the representations and warranties set forth in Article III of the Amended Credit Agreement and each
other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties
specifically refer to a given date or period, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects on an as of such date or period; provided that, any representation or warranty that is qualified as to
materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language are true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects as of such respective dates. 

SECTION 4. Conditions to Effectiveness of this Third Amendment. 

(a) This Third Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Third Amendment Effective Date) on which: 

(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed and delivered counterparts of this Third Amendment that, when
taken together, bear the signatures of the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties, and the Administrative Agent (on its behalf, as well as on behalf of the Consenting Term Lenders (which such Consenting Term Lenders constitute the Required Lenders)) and
all Guarantors; 

3 

(ii) (A) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3 shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties
specifically refer to a given date or period, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date or period; provided that, any representation or warranty that is
qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language are true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects as of such respective dates and (B) no Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing both before and immediately after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby; 

(iii) The Administrative Agent shall have received a customary written opinion of (a) Ropes & Gray LLP, special
counsel for the Loan Parties, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (b) Babst, Calland, Clements and Zomnir, P.C., special counsel for any Guarantors organized under the
laws of Pennsylvania, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders; 

(iv) The Administrative Agent shall have received: 

(1) a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary (or equivalent officer) on behalf of each Loan Party dated the Third
Amendment Effective Date, certifying (A) that either (x) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organizational Document of such Loan Party and, with respect to the articles or certificate of incorporation or organization (or
similar document) certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization or (y) the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party last delivered to the Administrative Agent have not
been amended and are in full force and effect, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance of this Third Amendment and any other Loan Documents executed in connection with this Third Amendment to which such person is a party and, in the case of the Borrowers, the Borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been
modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect as of the date of such certificate, and (C) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer or authorized person executing this Third Amendment and any other Loan
Document executed in connection with this Third Amendment or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party (together with a certificate of another officer or authorized person as to the incumbency and specimen
signature of the officer or authorized person executing the certificate in this clause (1)); 

(2) to the extent applicable,
a certificate as to the good standing of each Loan Party as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State (or other applicable Governmental Authority) of its jurisdiction of organization; 

(3) a certificate dated the Third Amendment Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower,
confirming compliance with the condition precedent set forth in Section 4(a)(ii); and 

(4) a certificate dated
as of the Third Amendment Effective Date in substantially the form of Exhibit K to the Existing Credit Agreement from the Chief Financial Officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Parent Borrower certifying as to
the matters set forth therein; 

4 

(v) The Borrowers shall have, concurrently with the Third Amendment
Effective Date, (A) paid all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts on the aggregate principal amount of the Existing Term Loans and (B) paid to all Term Lenders holding Existing Term Loans immediately prior to the Third Amendment
Effective Date that are not party to this Third Amendment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Non-Consenting Term Lenders), if any, all indemnities, cost reimbursements and other Obligations (as defined below), if any, then due and owing to
such Term Lenders under the Loan Documents (prior to the effectiveness of this Third Amendment) and of which the Parent Borrower has been notified; and 

(vi) The Amendment Arrangers shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Third Amendment
Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or other payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder or under any other Loan Document or other agreement with the Borrowers
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 5. Effect of Amended Credit Agreement. 

(a) Except as expressly set forth herein or in the Amended Credit Agreement, this Third Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall not by
implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and
shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or the Amended Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Existing Credit
Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or of any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrowers, any Guarantor or any
other Person to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan
Document in similar or different circumstances. 

(b) On the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended
as set forth in Section 1 above. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Third Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or other document or instrument executed and delivered in connection
herewith do not constitute a novation, or termination of the obligations of the Parent Borrower and each other Loan Party under the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Existing Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement, as in effect
prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (collectively, the Obligations) and (ii) such Obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended by this Third Amendment) with only the terms thereof being modified to the
extent provided in this Third Amendment or in the Amended Credit Agreement, and the Borrowers and each Guarantor reaffirm such Obligations, including in respect of any guaranties of, and any pledges of collateral securing, such Obligations,
including, without limitation, all Term Loans. Upon the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 of this Third Amendment, the provisions of this Third Amendment will become effective and binding upon, and
enforceable against, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

(c) On and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, each
reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents
to Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Third Amendment, and
this Third Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall be read together and construed as a single instrument. 

5 

(d) This Third Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Amended
Credit Agreement and shall be administered and construed pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 6.
Reaffirmation; Other Agreements. Subject to any limitations on its obligations expressly stated in the Loan Documents to which it is a party, Holdings, each Borrower and each Loan Party, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date,
(i) acknowledges and agrees that all of its obligations under the Guarantees set out in the Loan Guaranty and any other guaranties in the Loan Documents to which it is a party are reaffirmed and remain in full force and effect on a continuous
basis as and to the extent provided in the Loan Documents, (ii) reaffirms each Lien granted by each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and reaffirms the Guarantees made pursuant to the Loan Guaranty as
and to the extent provided in the Loan Documents and (iii) acknowledges and agrees that the grants of security interests by and the Guarantees of the Loan Parties contained in the Loan Guaranty, the Security Agreement and the other Collateral
Documents are, and shall remain, in full force and effect after giving effect to this Third Amendment and secure the payment and performance of the Obligations (as the Obligations are hereafter amended, modified, extended or replaced from time to
time) as and to the extent provided in the Loan Documents. Nothing contained in this Third Amendment shall be construed as substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, which
shall remain in full force and effect, except to any extent modified hereby. Each of Holdings and each Subsidiary Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that (i) notwithstanding the conditions to effectiveness set forth in this Third Amendment, such
Loan Party is not required by the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document to consent to the amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Third Amendment and
(ii) nothing in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement, this Third Amendment or any Loan Document shall be deemed to require the consent of such Loan Party to any future amendments to the Amended Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 7. Counterparts. This Third Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Any signature to this agreement may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic
signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and
effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing also applies to any amendment, extension or renewal of this agreement. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the
other parties hereto that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Third Amendment through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that partys constitutive documents. 

SECTION 8. Applicable Law. THIS THIRD AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK. 

SECTION 9. Headings. Headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Third
Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Third Amendment. 

6 

SECTION 10. Amendment Arrangers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
Amendment Arrangers shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Third Amendment, except in their respective capacities as the Administrative Agent or a Replacement Lender hereunder, as applicable. 

[Signature pages follow] 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Amendment to be duly executed
by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written. 

ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC

as Parent Borrower

By: 

/s/ Joseph S. Koscinski

Name: Joseph S. Koscinski

Title: Chief Administrative Officer, Vice President,

General Counsel, and Secretary

ECOVYST MIDCO II INC.

as
Holdings

By: 

/s/ Joseph S. Koscinski

Name: Joseph S. Koscinski

Title: President and Secretary

ECO SERVICES OPERATIONS CORP.

as a Borrower

By: 

/s/ Joseph S. Koscinski

Name: Joseph S. Koscinski

Title: Chief Administrative Officer, Vice President,

General Counsel, and Secretary

[Signature Page to Third Amendment Agreement] 

COMMERCIAL RESEARCH ASSOCIATES, INC.

DELPEN CORPORATION

ECOVYST SYSTEMS, INC.

(formerly PQ SYSTEMS INCORPORATED)

ECOVYST PENNSYLVANIA INC.

(formerly PHILADELPHIA QUARTZ COMPANY)

as Guarantors

By: 

/s/ Joseph S. Koscinski

Name: Joseph S. Koscinski

Title: Vice President and Secretary

ECOVYST INTERNATIONAL, INC.

(formerly PQ INTERNATIONAL, INC.)

CHEM32 LLC

as
Guarantors

By: 

/s/ Joseph S. Koscinski

Name: Joseph S. Koscinski

Title: General Counsel and Secretary

[Signature Page to Third Amendment Agreement] 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED BY:

UBS AG STAMFORD BRANCH,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Muhammad Afzal

Name: Muhammad Afzal

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Peter Hazoglou

Name: Peter Hazoglou

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Third Amendment Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Replacement Lender

By: 

/s/ David Jaffe

Name: David Jaffe

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Third Amendment Agreement] 

[Signature pages of Consenting Term Lenders on file with the Administrative Agent]

EXHIBIT A 

Amended Credit Agreement 

[See Attached.] 

Exhibit A

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated
as of June 9, 2021 

as amended by the First Amendment Agreement dated as of February 9, 2023 and,

the Second Amendment dated as of June 12, 2024 

amongand

the Third
Amendment dated as of January 30, 2025

among

ECOVYST MIDCO II INC., 

as
Holdings, 

ECOVYST CATALYST TECHNOLOGIES LLC, 

as the Parent Borrower, 

ECO
SERVICES OPERATIONS CORP., 

as a Borrower, 

THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO, 

as Lenders, 

UBS AG CAYMAN ISLANDS,
STAMFORD BRANCH, 

as Administrative Agent, 

UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH 

as
Collateral Agent 

and 

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC., DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC., 

and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., 

as
Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

Section 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 66 

Section 1.03. Terms Generally 66 

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 68 

Section 1.05. Effectuation of Transactions 69 

Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance 69 

Section 1.07. Times of Day 69 

Section 1.08. Currency Generally 69 

Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers 70 

Section 1.10. Certain Conditions, Calculations and Tests 70 

Section 1.11. Rounding 73 

Section 1.12. Divisions 73 

Section 1.13. Rates 73 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 74 

Section 2.01. Commitments 74 

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 74 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 75 

Section 2.04. [Reserved] 76 

Section 2.05. [Reserved] 76 

Section 2.06. [Reserved] 76 

Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 76 

Section 2.08. Type; Interest Elections 77 

Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 78 

Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 78 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 79 

Section 2.12. Fees 83 

Section 2.13. Interest 84 

Section 2.14. Benchmark Replacement Setting 85 

Section 2.15. Increased Costs 86 

Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments 87 

Section 2.17. Taxes 88 

Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Payments 92 

Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 94 

Section 2.20. Illegality 95 

Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders 96 

Section 2.22. Incremental Credit Extensions 96 

Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans and Additional Revolving Commitments 101 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 104 

-ii- 

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers 105 

Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 105 

Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 105 

Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect 105 

Section 3.05. Properties 105 

Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 106 

Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws 106 

Section 3.08. Investment Company Status 106 

Section 3.09. Taxes 106 

Section 3.10. ERISA 107 

Section 3.11. Disclosure 107 

Section 3.12. Solvency 107 

Section 3.13. Capitalization and Subsidiaries 107 

Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral 108 

Section 3.15. Labor Disputes 108 

Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations 108 

Section 3.17. Economic and Trade Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws 108 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 109 

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 111 

Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports 111 

Section 5.02. Existence 114 

Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes 114 

Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties 115 

Section 5.05. Insurance 115 

Section 5.06. Inspections 115 

Section 5.07. Maintenance of Books and Records 116 

Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws 116 

Section 5.09. Compliance with Environmental Laws 116 

Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries 116 

Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds 117 

Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 117 

Section 5.13. [Reserved] 118 

Section 5.14. Further Assurances 118 

Section 5.15. Post-Closing Matters 119 

ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 119 

Section 6.01. Indebtedness 119 

Section 6.02. Liens 125 

Section 6.03. No Further Negative Pledges 129 

Section 6.04. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness 131 

Section 6.05. Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions 135 

Section 6.06. Investments 137 

Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets 140 

-iii- 

Section 6.08. [Reserved] 143 

Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates 143 

Section 6.10. Conduct of Business 145 

Section 6.11. [Reserved] 145 

Section 6.12. Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt 145 

Section 6.13. Fiscal Year 145 

Section 6.14. Permitted Activities of Holdings 145 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 147 

Section 7.01. Events of Default 147 

ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 150 

Section 8.01. The Administrative Agent 150 

Section 8.02. Erroneous Payments 158 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 159 

Section 9.01. Notices 159 

Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 162 

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity 170 

Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim 172 

Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns 172 

Section 9.06. Survival 181 

Section 9.07. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 182 

Section 9.08. Severability 183 

Section 9.09. Right of Setoff 183 

Section 9.10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 183 

Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial 184 

Section 9.12. Headings 184 

Section 9.13. Confidentiality 185 

Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty 186 

Section 9.15. Several Obligations 186 

Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act 186 

Section 9.17. Disclosure 186 

Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection 186 

Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation 187 

Section 9.20. Intercreditor Agreement 187 

Section 9.21. Conflicts 187 

Section 9.22. Release of Guarantors 188 

Section 9.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 188 

Section 9.24. Lender Representation 188 

Section 9.26. Certain ERISA Matters 189 

Section 9.27. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 190 

-iv- 

SCHEDULES: 

Schedule 1.01(a) Commitment Schedule

Schedule 1.01(c) Specified Lease Transactions

Schedule 3.05 Fee Owned Real Estate Assets

Schedule 3.13 Subsidiaries

Schedule 3.15 Labor Disputes

Schedule 5.10 Unrestricted Subsidiaries

Schedule 5.15 Post-Closing Matters

Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens

Schedule 6.06 Existing Investments

Schedule 6.07(s) Dispositions

Schedule 9.01 Borrowers Website Address for Electronic Delivery

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit A-2 Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request

Exhibit E Form of Perfection Certificate

Exhibit F Form of Perfection Certificate Supplement

Exhibit G Form of Promissory Note

Exhibit H Form of Guaranty Agreement

Exhibit I Form of Security Agreement

Exhibit J-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit J-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit J-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit J-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit K Form of Solvency Certificate

Exhibit L Form of Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement

-v- 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of June 9, 2021 (this Agreement), by and among Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware
corporation, as Holdings, Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Ecovyst), as the Parent Borrower, Eco Services Operations Corp., a Delaware corporation (Eco Services), as a
Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto including UBS AG Cayman Islands, Stamford Branch (UBS), in its capacitycapacities as administrative agent and UBS AG, Stamford Branch, in its capacity as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent and together with UBS AG Cayman Islands Branch,
UBS), as applicable, with
Citibank, N.A. (Citi), Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA,
KeybancKeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (in such capacities, the Arrangers and each an Arranger).

RECITALS 

A.
The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders extend credit in the form of Initial Term Loans in an original aggregate principal amount equal to $900,000,000, the proceeds of which (together with, at the Borrowers option, cash on hand) will be
used to consummate the Closing Date Refinancing (as defined below). 

B. The Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01.
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

ABL Agent
means Citi in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent with respect to the ABL Facility, or any successor or other administrative agent and collateral agent with respect to any other ABL Facility. 

ABL Collateral means ABL Priority Collateral as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement. 

ABL Credit Agreement means that certain ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of the Existing Credit Agreement Closing Date, by
and among CPQ, PQ, the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto in their capacities as lenders thereunder and the ABL Agent and the other agents party thereto, as amended by the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of
March 20, 2020, the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, and the Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (the Closing Date ABL Amendment), and any amendments, restatements,
amendments and restatements, supplements, refinancings, renewals, extensions or modifications thereof. 

ABL Facility
means the credit facility governed by the ABL Credit Agreement and any Refinancing Indebtedness that refinances or replaces any part of the loans, notes, guarantees, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder. 

-1- 

ABL Facility Documentation means the ABL Facility and all related notes,
collateral documents, letters of credit and guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing (as the same may be in effect from time to time). 

ABL Intercreditor Agreement means (a) ABL Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the Existing Credit Agreement Closing
Date, by and among (i) the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the ABL Agent, (ii) after giving effect to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder, the Administrative Agent and (iii) the other parties thereto from time to
time and acknowledged by the Parent Borrower, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; (b) an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement as in
effect on the Closing Date with any material modifications which are reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent; and (c) if requested by the Parent Borrower, an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are
consistent with market terms governing security arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds on a Split Collateral Basis in the case of an asset based ABL Facility at the time the intercreditor agreement is proposed to be
established, so long as the terms of such intercreditor agreement are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower; provided, that (i) if required by the Administrative Agent prior to agreeing that any form
(or modification) is reasonably acceptable to it, the form of any other intercreditor agreement shall be deemed acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and the Lenders) if posted to the Lenders and not objected to by the Required Lenders within five
(5) Business Days thereafter, and (ii) any ABL Intercreditor Agreement shall be limited to terms governing the sharing of Liens and the relative rights and obligations of the secured parties regarding Collateral and the proceeds thereof
and shall not restrict or limit any Indebtedness or the terms and conditions thereof (including any amendments and refinancings) to the extent such Indebtedness would otherwise be permitted by the Loan Documents. 

ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder means the joinder agreement to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing
Date, by and among the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent and the ABL Agent, and acknowledged by PQ. 

ABL Loans means revolving loans under the ABL Facility. 

ABR, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

ABR Loan means a Loan
bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

ABR Term SOFR Determination Day has the
meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means
(a) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a senior basis pari passu with the First Priority Secured Obligations (and any Class of Term Loans secured on senior first lien basis), (i) a
Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement with any material modifications which are reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, or (iii) if requested by the Parent Borrower, an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms governing security arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds on a pari passu basis at
the time the intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto, so long as the terms of such intercreditor agreement are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent
Borrower; (b) in the case of Indebtedness 

-2- 

that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a junior basis with respect to the Initial Term Loans (and
any Class of Term Loans secured on senior first lien basis), (i) a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement with any material
modifications which are reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent, or (iii) if requested by the Parent Borrower, an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms governing security
arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds on a junior secured basis at the time the intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto, so long as the terms of such
intercreditor agreement are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower; (c) to the extent the ABL Facility is outstanding, any ABL Intercreditor Agreement (or an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement under
clause (a) above in the case of any ABL Facility secured by the Collateral on a senior pari passu basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations (and not a Split Collateral Basis)); and (d) any Additional Agreement the
terms of which are consistent with market terms governing, as applicable, security arrangements for the sharing of Liens and Collateral proceeds and/or payment subordination provisions, in each case on a basis applicable to the specified
intercreditor arrangement at the time the intercreditor or subordination agreement, as applicable, is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto, so long as the terms of such intercreditor or subordination
agreement, as applicable, are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower; provided, that (A) if required by the Administrative Agent prior to agreeing that any form (or modification) is reasonably
acceptable to it, the form of any other intercreditor agreement shall be deemed acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and the Lenders) if posted to the Lenders and not objected to by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days
thereafter, and (B) any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall be limited to terms governing the sharing of Liens and the relative rights and obligations of the secured parties regarding Collateral and the proceeds thereof and shall not
restrict or limit any Indebtedness or the terms and conditions thereof (including any amendments and refinancings) to the extent such Indebtedness would otherwise be permitted by the Loan Documents. 

ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 

Additional Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01. 

Additional Commitments means any commitments hereunder added pursuant to Sections 2.22, 2.23 or
9.02(c). 

Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(b). 

Additional Loans means any Additional Revolving Loans and any Additional Term Loans. 

Additional Revolving Commitments means any revolving credit commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22, 2.23
or 9.02(c)(ii). 

Additional Revolving Facility means any revolving credit facility added pursuant to Sections
2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii). 

Additional Revolving Loans means any revolving loan made hereunder
pursuant to any Additional Revolving Commitments. 

Additional Term Commitments means any term commitment added pursuant
to Sections 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i). 

-3- 

Additional Term Facility means any term loan facility added pursuant to
Sections 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i). 

Additional Term Loans means any term loan added pursuant to
Sections 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i). 

Adjustment Date means the date of delivery of a Compliance
Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(c). 

Administrative Agent means (a) UBS AG Cayman Islands Branch, in its capacity as administrative agent or (b) UBS AG, Stamford Branch,
in its capacity as collateral agent, as
applicableadministrative agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Administrative Agent Fee Letter means that certain Administrative Agent
Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date by and among, inter alias, the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(d). 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental
investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including
any Environmental Claim), whether pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened in writing, against or affecting Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective
Restricted Subsidiaries or any property of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under
common Control with, that Person. No Person shall be an Affiliate of Holdings or any subsidiary thereof solely because it is an unrelated portfolio company of the Sponsor and none of the Administrative Agent, any Arrangers, any Lender
(other than any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate) or any of their respective Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of Holdings or any subsidiary thereof. 

Affiliated Lender means any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate, Holdings, any Borrower and/or any subsidiary of Holdings. 

Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Affiliated
Lender (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05) and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower.

Affiliated Lender Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(h)(iv). 

Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Credit Agreement. 

-4- 

AHYDO has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.11(b)(ix). 

All-In Yield means, as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in the
form of interest rate, margin, original issue discount, upfront fees, a Term SOFR or Alternate Base Rate floor, or otherwise, in each case, incurred or payable directly by the Parent Borrower ratably to all lenders of such Indebtedness;
provided that (a) original issue discount and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity, (b) All-In Yield shall not include arrangement fees, structuring fees, commitment fees,
underwriting fees, placement fees, funding fees, success fees, advisory fees, ticking and unused line fees, consent or amendment fees and any similar fees (regardless of whether shared or paid, in whole or in part, with or to any or all lenders) and
any other fees not generally paid ratably to all lenders of such Indebtedness, and (c) if any Incremental Term Facility includes an Alternate Base Rate or Term SOFR floor that is greater than the Alternate Base Rate or Term SOFR floor
applicable to the Initial Term Loans, such differential between interest rate floors shall be included in the calculation of All-In Yield, but only to the extent an increase in the Alternate Base Rate or Term SOFR floor applicable to the Initial
Term Loans would cause an increase in the interest rate then in effect thereunder, and in such case the Alternate Base Rate or Term SOFR floors (but not the applicable rate, unless otherwise elected by the Parent Borrower) applicable to the Initial
Term Loans shall be increased to the extent of such differential between interest rate floors. 

Alternate Base
Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50%, (b) Term SOFR published on the ABR Term SOFR Determination Date for such date
for an Interest Period of one (1) month and shall be determined on a daily basis plus 1.00% and (c) the Prime Rate. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term
SOFR, as the case may be, shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR, as the case may be. 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Term Lender for any Class, a percentage equal to a fraction
(i) the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Additional Term Commitments of such Term Lender for such Class and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the Term Loans and unused Additional Term Commitments of all Term Lenders for such Class; provided that for purposes of Section 2.21 and otherwise herein (except with respect to Section 2.11(a)(ii)), when
there is a Defaulting Lender, any such Defaulting Lenders Commitment shall be disregarded in the relevant calculations. 

Applicable Price has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Applicable Rate means, with respect to any Initial Term Loans, a percentage per annum equal to (A) 1.251.00% per annum for ABR Loans and (B) 2.252.00% per annum for SOFR Loans. 

Approved Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Person (other than a natural person or a Disqualified
Institution) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and is administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender,
(b) any Affiliate of such Lender or (c) any entity or any Affiliate of any entity that administers, advises or manages such Lender. 

Arrangers has the meaning assigned to
such termmeans, collectively (i) the Arrangers as defined in the preamble to this Agreement and (ii) the Amendment
Arrangers as defined in the Third Amendment. 

-5- 

Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage means, as of any date of
determination, (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.00:1.00, 100%, (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.00:1.00 and greater than 3.50:1.00, 50% and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is
less than or equal to 3.50:1.00, 0%; it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Subject Proceeds that is required to be applied to Prepay the Term Loans under
Section 2.11(b)(ii), the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis as of the date of such Prepayment, after giving effect to the amount of such Prepayment, as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the
consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05), and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower. 

Auction has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction. Auction
Agent means (a) the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates to the extent the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate has agreed to act in such capacity or (b) any other financial institution or advisor engaged by the Parent
Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Auction pursuant to the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Auction Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Auction Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Auction Party has the meaning set forth in the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Auction Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Available Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to, without duplication: 

(a) the sum of: 

(i) the greater of $95,000,000 and 35.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA plus

(ii) the CNI Growth Amount; plus

(iii) the amount of any Cash and Cash Equivalents (including from the proceeds of any property or assets (including Capital
Stock)) and the Fair Market Value of property or assets contributed to the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by any Parent Company or received by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in return for any
issuance of Qualified Capital Stock to any Parent Company (but excluding any amounts (w) constituting a Cure Amount (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) or similar term with respect to an equity cure of a financial covenant
default, (x) received directly from a Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (y) the proceeds of equity used to incur Contribution Indebtedness, or (z) consisting of the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to
Section 6.06(h)(ii)), in each case, during the period from and including April 1, 2016 through and including such time; plus

-6- 

(iv) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified
Capital Stock, in each case, of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Capital Stock issued to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), which has been directly or indirectly converted
into or exchanged for Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company (or contributed to the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company and cancelled), together with the Fair
Market Value of any Cash Equivalents and the Fair Market Value of any property or assets received by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary upon such exchange, conversion or contribution, in each case, during the period from and including
April 1, 2016 through and including such time; plus

(v) the net proceeds received by the Parent Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with the Disposition to any Person (other than the Parent Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary) of any acquisition or Investment made in reliance on amounts available under Section 6.06(r); plus

(vi) the aggregate proceeds received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including
the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts received in Cash, Cash Equivalents and/or the Fair Market Value of any property or assets,
including cash principal repayments and interest payments of loans, in each case, received in respect of any Investment made after April 1, 2016 in reliance on amounts available under Section 6.06(r); plus

(vii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investments made after the Closing Date by the Parent Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on amounts available under Section 6.06(r) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary (in an amount not to exceed the aggregate amount of Investments in such Unrestricted Subsidiary) that has been
redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) the amount of Cash, Cash Equivalents and
the Fair Market Value of the property or assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including
April 1, 2016 through and including such time and (C) the net proceeds received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including April 1, 2016 through and including such time in connection with
the sale, transfer or other disposition (other than to Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary that was previously a Restricted Subsidiary and designated as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary to the extent such proceeds have not otherwise increased any other Restricted Payment basket under Section 6.04(a); plus

(viii) the amount of any Declined Proceeds; minus

-7- 

(b) an amount equal to the sum of (i) Restricted Payments made pursuant
to Section 6.04(a)(iii), plus (ii) Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(vi), plus (iii) Investments made pursuant to Section 6.06(r) (or, in each case, to the extent such
Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment or Investment was made prior to the Closing Date, the corresponding provision in the Existing Credit Agreement), in each case, made after April 1, 2016 and prior to the time, or contemporaneously
with, any such Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment or Investment identified in this clause (b). 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then- current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for
determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of
making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest
Period pursuant to Section 2.14(e). 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and
Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and
(b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks,
investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary (a) under any arrangement that is in effect on the Closing Date between Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and a counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or
an Arranger as of the Closing Date, (b) under any arrangement that is entered into after the Closing Date by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent,
any Lender or an Arranger at the time such arrangement is entered into or (c) by any other Person that is designated by the Parent Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent as a Banking Services counterparty and who is reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent: commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository,
overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and/or otherwise in
connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts. 

Banking Services Obligations means any and all
obligations of Holdings, any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and however and whenever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions
therefor), in connection with Banking Services, in each case, that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Parent Borrower as being Banking Services Obligations for the purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood
that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its non-fiduciary agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article VIII,
Section 9.03, Section 9.10, Section 9.11 and the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) as if it were a Lender. 

-8- 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11
U.S.C. 101 et seq.). 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided
that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then- current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has
replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.14(b). 

Benchmark Replacement means, with
respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, for any Available Tenor, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or
recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the
then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement and the associated Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment as so determined (together with any associated Benchmark Replacement Adjustment) would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current
Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and
the Parent Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body and/or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of
such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to
provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and
even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

-9- 

For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate, the Benchmark
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event
means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) a public statement or
publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator
that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of
such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term
rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the
case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to
the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark
Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (b) ending at the time that a
Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 

-10- 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. Borrowers means
(a) Evovyst and Eco Services and (b) upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by Section 6.07(a), the Successor Borrower and Eco Services. 

Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 

Borrowing means any Loans of the same Type and Class made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case
of SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing Request means a request by the
Parent Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower
(including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower. 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City
are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of
any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease or finance lease on the balance sheet of that Person (but excluding any operating or non- finance
lease regardless of whether the obligations thereunder are included as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person). 

Capital
Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including
partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or
exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 

Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of any
Borrower that is maintained as a self-insurance subsidiary and is subject to regulation as an insurance company (and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 

Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any Deposit Account. 

Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination, (a) readily marketable securities (i) issued or
directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to interest and principal by the U.S. government or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in
each case maturing within one (1) year after such date and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (b) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political
subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or by any foreign government, in each case maturing within one (1) year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from
S&P or 

-11- 

at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moodys shall be rating such
obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (c) commercial paper maturing no more than one
(1) year from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moodys shall be rating such
obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (d) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing
within one (1) year after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized under, or authorized to operate as a bank under, the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision
thereof and that has capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (e) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all
of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above, (ii) net assets of not less than $250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from
Moodys; and (f) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. Cash Equivalents shall also include
(x) Investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (f) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or
equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments analogous to the Investments
described in clauses (a) through (f) and in this paragraph. 

Change in Law means (a) the
adoption of any law, treaty, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, treaty, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or
(c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of
law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date (other than any such request, guideline or directive to comply with any law, rule or regulation that was in effect on the Closing Date). For purposes of this definition and
Section 2.15, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and
(y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities,
in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

Change of Control means the earliest to occur of: 

(a) [reserved]; 

(b) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, but excluding (i) any employee benefit plan
and/or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, (ii) one or more Permitted Holders, (iii) any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders and (iv) any Qualified Public
Company, of Capital Stock representing more than the greater of (A) 40% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings and (B) the percentage of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of
Holdings beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Permitted Holders; and 

-12- 

(c) a Borrower ceasing to be a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
Holdings (or any permitted successor hereunder); 

provided that (x) a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred with
respect to clause (b) above if the Permitted Holders have, at such time, the right or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election a majority of the board of directors or similar governing body of
Holdings, and (y) the creation of a Parent Company shall not in and of itself cause a Change of Control so long as at the time such Person became a Parent Company, no Person and no group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any such group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) (other than one or more Permitted Holders or
any group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders), shall have beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor provisions), directly or indirectly, of 40% or more (or, if
higher, the percentage then held by the Permitted Holders), in the case of clause (b) above, of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings. 

Charge means any charge, fee, loss, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind. 

Charged Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19. 

Citi has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Class, when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, are Initial Term Loans, Additional Term Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i), Additional Revolving Loans of any series established as a
separate class pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii), (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an Additional Term Commitment of any series
established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i), an Additional Revolving Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22,
2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) or a commitment to make any other Commitments under any other Credit Facilities established as a separate Class and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a
particular Class. For purposes of this definition, any separate series or tranche shall be treated as a separate Class regardless of whether such series or tranche is specifically as a separate Class. 

Closing Date means June 9, 2021. 

Closing Date ABL Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of ABL Credit Agreement.

Closing Date Refinancing means, substantially concurrently with the funding of the Term Loans on the Closing
Date, (a) the repayment of a portion of the outstanding Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $440,000,000, (b) the repayment of all outstanding Indebtedness under the Existing
Sidecar Credit Agreement and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection therewith and (c) in each case, the payment of related fees and expenses. 

-13- 

CNI Growth Amount means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to
50% of the Consolidated Net Income of the Parent Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the period (taken as one accounting period) commencing on April 1, 2016, to the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal
financial statements of the Parent Borrower are available preceding such date; provided, that such cumulative amount shall (a) be determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower and (b) not be less than zero. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Co-Investors means (a) INEOS Investments Partnership and any of its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or
advised by any of them or any of their respective controlled Affiliates and (b) the officers, directors and members of the management of any Borrower, any Parent Company and/or any subsidiary of any Borrower. 

Collateral means any and all property of any Loan Party subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien under any
Collateral Document and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is or becomes subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien pursuant to any Collateral Document to secure the Secured Obligations. 

Collateral
Agent means UBS AG, Stamford Branch, in its capacity as collateral agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in
this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document and (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12, the requirement that the Administrative Agent shall have received in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary
that is required to become a Loan Party after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.12 (including by any Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary), and each Discretionary Guarantor: 

(a) (i) a joinder to the Loan Guaranty in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (ii) a supplement
to the Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (iii) if such Restricted Subsidiary owns registrations of or applications for U.S. Patents, Trademarks and/or Copyrights that constitute Collateral, an
Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (iv) a completed Perfection Certificate, (v) UCC or the equivalent financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and
(vi) if applicable, an executed joinder to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, in each case, in substantially the form attached as an exhibit
thereto; and 

(b) each item of Collateral that such Restricted Subsidiary is required to deliver under
Section 4.02 of the Security Agreement or under any other Collateral Document required to be entered into pursuant to paragraph (a) above (which, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be delivered within the time
periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12 and shall exclude Excluded Assets); 

Notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, 

-14- 

(A) no control agreements, other control arrangements or perfection by
control shall be required (except as provided in clauses (y) and (z) below) and no Loan Party shall be required to perfect a security interest in any Collateral, in each case (to the extent applicable), other than
perfection by (w) filing of a UCC-1 financing statement, (x) with respect to IP Rights, filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, (y) delivery of certificates evidencing Capital
Stock and notes and other evidence of indebtedness, in each case, to the extent required to be pledged as Collateral and required to be delivered pursuant to the Security Agreement, and (z) to the extent control agreements have been delivered
under the ABL Facility with respect to the ABL Collateral, second-priority control agreements with respect to the ABL Collateral (all such control agreements with respect to the ABL Collateral shall be released and terminated in connection with the
Discharge of ABL Obligations (as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement)); 

(B) except as expressly provided below in
this definition with respect to any Foreign Discretionary Guarantor (i) no action (including any filings or registrations) outside of the United States in order to create or perfect any security interest in any asset located outside of the
United States (including with respect to intellectual property and equity interests) shall be required and (ii) no security or pledge agreements shall be governed by any other law other than the laws of New York (except the laws of any other U.S.
state may govern to the extent necessary to create or perfect a security interest in any portion of the Collateral); and 

(C) the Loan Parties shall not be required to take any action (other than entry into the Security Agreement) to collaterally
assign to the Administrative Agent their respective rights under (x) any documentation governing permitted acquisition or investment not prohibited under the terms of this Agreement, (y) any representation and warranty insurance policy or
(z) any business interruption policy. 

With respect to any Collateral that is ABL Collateral prior to the Discharge of ABL
Obligations (as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement), to the extent that the ABL Agent in respect of any ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis determines that any such property or assets shall not become part of, or shall be
excluded from, the collateral under such ABL Facility, or that any delivery, perfection or notice requirement in respect of any such Collateral shall be extended or waived, the Administrative Agent shall automatically be deemed to accept such
determination and shall execute any documentation, if applicable, requested by the Parent Borrower in connection therewith, including termination and release documents and extensions and waivers. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Parent Borrower elects to cause a Foreign Subsidiary to become a Foreign Discretionary
Guarantor pursuant to the definition of Guarantor, such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, as the case may be, shall (i) provide a Loan Guaranty and (ii) grant a perfected lien in favor of the Administrative Agent on
substantially all of its assets (other than Excluded Assets) pursuant to arrangements reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, which shall be consistent with the principles of, and be no more onerous and
restrictive to such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, than, the provisions applicable to the Parent Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantors organized in the United States, subject to customary limitations in such jurisdiction as may be reasonably agreed
between the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, and nothing in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, Excluded Asset, Excluded Subsidiary or other limitation in this Agreement or the
Collateral Documents shall in any way limit or restrict the pledge of assets and property by any such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor or the pledge of the Capital Stock of such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor by any other Loan Party that holds such
Capital Stock, in each case, solely by virtue of such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor being a Foreign Subsidiary or otherwise an Excluded Subsidiary. 

-15- 

Collateral Documents means, collectively, (a) the Security
Agreement, (b) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (c) any supplement to any of the foregoing delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (d) each
of the other instruments and documents pursuant to which any Loan Party grants a Lien on any Collateral as security for payment of the Secured Obligations. 

Commercial Tort Claim has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. Commitment means, with respect
to each Lender, such Lenders Initial Term Loan Commitment, Additional Commitments and any other commitment to provide Loans under a Credit Facility, as applicable, in effect as of such time. 

Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 1.01(a). 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). 

Communication has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b). 

Company Competitor means (a) any Person that is or becomes (i) a competitor of the Parent Borrower and/or
any of its subsidiaries or (ii) an Affiliate of a Person described in clause (a)(i) and, in each case, identified in writing to the Administrative Agent, (b) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any person described in clause
(a) above (on the basis of such Affiliates name) (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate unless the Parent Borrower has a reasonable basis to include such Debt Fund Affiliate as a Company Competitor or Disqualified Institution), and/or
(c) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clause (a) or clause (b) above identified by name in a written notice to the Administrative Agent. 

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 

Confidential Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement,
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the
definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests
or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower reasonably agrees may be
appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit
facilities at such time (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with the Parent Borrower, that no
market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides, in consultation with the Parent Borrower, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, as to any Person for any
period, an amount determined in accordance with Section 1.08, for such Person on a consolidated basis equal to the total of (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (b) the sum, without duplication, of (to the extent
deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the applicable period, other than in respect of clauses (xi), (xiii), (xv), (xvi), (xvii) and (xviii) below or deducted from revenues in net
income (or loss) used in calculating Consolidated Net Income) the amounts of: 

-16- 

(i) consolidated total interest expense determined in accordance with GAAP
and, to the extent not reflected in such consolidated total interest expense, annual agency fees paid to the administrative agents and collateral agents under any credit facilities, costs associated with obtaining hedging arrangements and breakage
costs in respect of hedging arrangements related to interest rates, any expense resulting from the discounting of any indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection
with the Transactions or any acquisition, penalties and interest relating to taxes, any additional interest or liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights
obligations, amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-Cash interest, any expensing of bridge,
commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions or any acquisitions after the Closing Date, commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any qualified
securitization facility, any accretion of accrued interest on discounted liabilities and any Prepayment premium or penalty, interest expense attributable to a parent company resulting from push-down accounting and any lease, rental or other expense
in connection with any lease that is not a capitalized lease, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk (net of interest income and gains on such hedging
obligations), costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed), fees and expenses paid to (or for the benefit of) any arranger, any administrative or collateral agent, any lender or any other
secured party under the Loan Documents and the ABL Credit Agreement (and any related loan documents) or to (or for the benefit of) any other holder of permitted Indebtedness in connection with its services hereunder (including fees and expenses in
connection with any modifications of the Loan Documents), other bank or any other Person in connection with its services as administrative agent or trustee, or similar capacity under any other Indebtedness permitted hereunder and financing fees;

(ii) (A) provision for Taxes during such period (including pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or any
distributions or other Restricted Payments for the payment of any Tax), including, in each case, arising out of tax examinations, repatriation of amounts from a Foreign Subsidiary and (without duplication) any payment to a Parent Company pursuant to
Section 6.04(a)(i) and (iv) in respect of Taxes, and (B) the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in such period; 

(iii) (A) depreciation and amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill, software and other
intangible assets), (B) impairment of goodwill and other assets and (C) any asset write-off and/or write-down; 

(iv)
any non-cash Charge (including, without limitation, (A) any non-cash increase in expenses resulting from the revaluation of inventory (including any impact of changes to inventory valuation policy methods) including changes in capitalization
and variances and non-cash adjustments for LIFO accounting and (B) losses or expenses recognized in respect of any pension related benefits as a result of the application of FASB ASC 715); provided, that to the extent any such non-cash
Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any actual or potential cash items in any future period (including of the type described in clause (vii) below), (A) such Person may elect (in its sole discretion) not to add back such
non-cash Charge in the then-current period, in which case, 

-17- 

any cash payment in respect thereof in any future period shall be not subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, and (B) to the extent such Person elects (in its sole discretion) to add
back such non-cash Charge in the then-current period, any cash payment in respect thereof in any subsequent periods shall be subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(v) below; 

(v) [reserved]; 

(vi) Public Company Costs; 

(vii) (A) management, monitoring, consulting, transaction and advisory fees (including termination fees) and indemnities
and expenses actually paid or accrued by, or on behalf of, such Person or any of its subsidiaries (1) to the Investors (or their Affiliates or management companies) to the extent permitted under this Agreement or (2) as permitted by
Section 6.09(f); (B) the amount of payments made to option holders of any Parent Company in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to shareholders of such Person, which payments are being made to compensate
such option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, including any cash consideration for any repurchase of equity, in each case to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents and
(C) the amount of fees, expenses and indemnities paid to directors, including of Holdings or any Parent Company; 

(viii) losses or discounts on sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any receivables financing permitted
under this Agreement; 

(ix) any Charges (or net income) attributable to any interest, non-controlling interest and/or
minority interest of any third party in any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(x) the amount of earnout obligation expense (or
similar Charges) incurred in connection with (including adjustments thereto) (A) acquisitions and Investments consummated prior to the Closing Date and (B) any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by this Agreement, in each
case, which is paid or accrued during the applicable period; 

(xi) pro forma run rate cost savings
(including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies (net of actual amounts realized) projected by the Parent Borrower in good faith that are reasonably
identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of such Person) in connection with (A) the Transactions related to actions that have been taken and (B) any acquisitions, Investments, Dispositions and other Specified
Transactions, operating expense reductions, any operating, revenue and productivity improvements, restructurings, cost savings initiatives and other actions and initiatives (including new business, customer and contract wins, modification and
renegotiation of contracts and other arrangements, pricing adjustments and increases, rebate reductions, supply chain optimization (including consolidating or changing suppliers, supply base reduction and reduction in shipping and freight costs),
product and warranty improvements (including lean manufacturing initiatives, design, engineering and automation optimization and discontinuing or replacing products) and other items of the type described in clause (xii) below) projected
by the Parent Borrower in good faith to result from actions that have been taken (including prior to completion of any such transactions, actions, initiatives or items) or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be
taken (in the good faith determination of the Parent Borrower) within twenty-four (24) months after any such transactions, actions, initiatives or items; pro forma run rate shall be the full benefit associated with any action
taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such costs savings, operating expense reductions, operating revenue and productivity
improvements and synergies had been fully realized on the first day of the applicable period for the entirety of such period; 

-18- 

(xii) (A) Charges attributable to the undertaking and/or implementation
of operating, revenue and productivity improvements and enhancements, operating expense reductions, cost savings initiatives and other initiatives, transitions, openings and pre-openings, business optimization, restructurings, integration, inventory
optimization programs, software development, systems upgrade, closure or consolidation of facilities and properties, curtailments, entry into new markets, strategic initiatives and contracts, consulting fees, signing or retention costs, retention or
completion bonuses, expansion and relocation expenses, severance payments, modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs,
actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 715, and any
other items of a similar nature, new systems design and implementation and startup costs, (B) reductions, improvements, enhancements, synergies and initiatives as contemplated in clause (xi) above, and (C) Charges related to
legal settlement, fines, judgments or orders, including with respect to warranty claims; 

(xiii) to the extent not
otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income, proceeds of business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received so long as such
Person in good faith expects to receive such proceeds within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent not actually received within such Fiscal Quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(iv) below)); 

(xiv) [reserved]; 

(xv) the amount of (A) any Charge to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash by such Person from a
Person other than such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person under any agreement providing for reimbursement of such Charge and (B) any Charge with respect to any liability or casualty event, business interruption or any product
recall, (1) so long as such Person has submitted in good faith, and reasonably expects to receive payment in connection with, a claim for reimbursement of such amounts under its relevant insurance policy (with a deduction in the applicable
future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters) or (2) without duplication of amounts included in a prior period under clause (B)(1) above, to the extent such
Charge is covered by insurance proceeds received in cash during such period (it being understood that if the amount received in cash under any such agreement in any period exceeds the amount of Charge paid during such period such excess amounts
received may be carried forward and applied against any Charge in any future period); 

(xvi) the amount of Cash actually
received (or the amount of the benefit of any netting arrangement resulting in reduced Cash Charges) during such period, to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income in any period or related non-Cash gain deducted in the calculation of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in any prior period; 

(xvii) the excess of rent expense during such period over actual Cash
rent paid over due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes; 

(xviii) accretion of asset retirement obligations
in accordance with FASB ASC 410; 

-19- 

(xix) with respect to any joint venture that is not a Restricted Subsidiary,
an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above relating to such joint venture corresponding to the proportionate share of such joint ventures consolidated net income (determined as if
such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary); and 

(xx) Other Agreed Adjustments, 

minus (c) to the extent such amounts increase Consolidated Net Income, without duplication: 

(i) non-cash gains or income; provided, that to the extent any non-cash gain or income represents an accrual or deferred income in
respect of actual potential Cash items in any future period, such Person may elect (in its sole discretion) not to deduct such non-cash gain or income in the then-current period; 

(ii) [reserved]; 

(iii) [reserved]; 

(iv) the amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(xiii) above in a prior period to the
extent the relevant business interruption insurance proceeds were not received within the time period required by such clause and are required to be deducted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(xiii) above; 

(v) to the extent that such Person added back the amount of any non-Cash charge to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to
clause (b)(iv) above in a prior period, the cash payment in respect thereof in the relevant future period (except as otherwise provided in clause (b)(iv) above); and 

(vi) the excess of actual Cash rent paid over rent expense during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP
purposes. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent applicable, (i) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal
Quarter ended on or around June 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be $50,478,000 million, (ii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around September 30, 2020 shall be deemed to be $48,065,000 million,
(iii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around December 31, 2020 shall be deemed to be $45,431,000 million and (iv) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter ended on or around March 31, 2021
shall be deemed to be $42,304,000 million, in each case, as subject to adjustment pursuant to clause (b) of this definition to the extent applicable to any such Fiscal Quarter (and not otherwise already included in such amounts) and
otherwise further adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis. 

Consolidated First Lien Debt means, as to any Person
determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with Section 1.08 (and, if applicable, Section 1.10), at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date
(i) under this Agreement, (ii) that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral (including both ABL Priority Collateral and Term Priority Collateral) on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority
Secured Obligations and subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement under clause (a) of the definition thereof) and (iii) the ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis (including the ABL Facility as of the Closing Date).

-20- 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, as to any Person determined
on a consolidated basis at any date of determination and in accordance with Section 1.08, the sum, without duplication, of (a) consolidated Cash interest of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined in accordance
with GAAP, (i) including (A) the Cash interest component of Capital Lease obligations and (B) net Cash payments made (less net Cash payments received) pursuant to obligations under permitted hedging arrangements related to interest
rates (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 1.08(b)); but (ii) excluding (A) annual agency and trustee fees paid to the administrative and collateral agents and trustees under any credit facilities, indentures or other
permitted Indebtedness, (B) costs associated with obtaining hedging arrangements and breakage costs in respect of hedging arrangements related to interest rates, (C) any expense resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection
with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection with the Transactions, the Performance Chemicals Sale, the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date Refinancing, the Special Dividend or any
acquisition, (D) penalties and interest relating to Taxes, (E) any additional interest or liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations,
(F) amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest, (G) any expensing of bridge,
commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions, the Performance Chemicals Sale, the Performance Chemicals Closing Date Refinancing, the Special Dividend or, after the Closing Date, any other transactions
(including acquisitions and Indebtedness), (H) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any qualified securitization facility, (I) any accretion of accrued interest on discounted
liabilities and any Prepayment premium or penalty (including amendment, tender and consent solicitation fees), (J) interest expense attributable to a parent company resulting from push-down accounting and (K) any lease, rental or other
expense in connection with any lease that is not a Capital Lease, net of (b) Cash interest income of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Net Income means, as to any Person determined in accordance with Section 1.08, on a
consolidated basis (the Subject Person) for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Subject Person for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded,
without duplication: 

(a) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in
which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, except that the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other
payment) paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period (regardless of whether such payment is in respect of the income of such Person in the current
period or any prior period) shall be included in Consolidated Net Income or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period for the express purpose of
funding such losses (but shall exclude any other Investment in such Person); 

(b) gains or losses (less all fees and
expenses chargeable thereto) attributable to any sales or dispositions of Capital Stock or assets (including asset retirement costs) or of returned surplus assets, in each case, outside of the ordinary course of business; 

-21- 

(c) (i) gains or losses from extraordinary items, any one-time event or
item, and nonrecurring or unusual items, in each case, as determined in good faith by the Subject Person, and (ii) any costs of and payments of actual or prospective legal settlements, fines, judgments or orders and all related fees and expenses,
including in connection with any acquisitions, Investments and Dispositions; 

(d) any unrealized or realized net foreign
currency translation or transaction gains or losses impacting net income (including currency re-measurements of any Indebtedness); provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, realized gains and losses in respect of any
Designated Operational FX Hedge shall be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income; 

(e) any net gains,
Charges or losses with respect to (i) any disposed (other than Dispositions of assets and inventory in the ordinary course of business), abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of the
Subject Person, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof), (ii) any disposal (other than Dispositions of assets and inventory in the ordinary course of business), abandonment,
divestiture and/or discontinuation of any asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of such Subject Person, relating to assets or property held for sale pending the Disposition thereof) and/or (iii) facilities or plants that have
been closed during such period or for which Charges and losses were required to be recorded pursuant to GAAP; 

(f)
(i) any net income or loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Hedge Agreements) and (ii) any other losses and expenses
incurred in connection with the early termination, refinancing or prepayment of guarantee obligations, operating leases and other similar contractual obligations; 

(g) (i) any Charges incurred pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan or any other
management or employee benefit plan or agreement, pension plan, any stock subscription or shareholder agreement or any distributor equity plan or agreement, or any similar equity plan or agreement, including any fair value adjustments that may be
required under liquidity puts for such arrangements and (ii) any Charges in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Capital Stock held by management of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, in
each case, to the extent that any such Charge is funded with net cash proceeds contributed to relevant Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Qualified Capital Stock; 

(h) accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted within twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (or after the
closing of any consummated acquisition or Investment) that are required to be established or adjusted as a result of the Transactions, respectively (or such acquisition or Investment), in accordance with GAAP or as a result of the adoption or
modification of accounting policies in accordance with GAAP; 

(i) any (A) write-off or amortization made in such
period of deferred financing costs and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (B) impairment Charges, write-offs or write-downs of any assets and (C) amortization of
intangible assets; 

(j) (A) effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the
Subject Person and its subsidiaries) in the Subject Persons consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research and development,
deferred revenue, deferred rent, deferred trade incentives and other lease-related items, advanced billings and debt line items thereof) 

-22- 

resulting from the application of recapitalization, accounting or purchase acquisition accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions, the Transactions
or any consummated acquisition or Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of Taxes and (B) the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles or policies made in such period in accordance with GAAP which
affect Consolidated Net Income (except that, if the Parent Borrower determines in good faith that the cumulative effects thereof are not material to the interests of the Lenders, the effects of any change, adoption or modification of any such
principles or policies may be included); 

(k) the income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which such
Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or is merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with such Persons assets are acquired by such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person; 

(l) Transaction Costs; 

(m) transaction fees and Charges (1) in connection with the consummation of any transaction (or any transaction proposed
and not consummated), (2) in connection with any offering of debt or equity securities (or any offering of debt or equity securities proposed and not consummated), Investments, acquisitions, Dispositions, recapitalizations, mergers,
consolidations or amalgamations, option buyouts or incurrences, repayments, refinancings, amendments or modifications of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment
penalties) or similar transactions and/or (3) that are actually reimbursed or reimbursable by third parties pursuant to indemnification or reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance; provided, that in respect of any fee, cost,
expense or reserve that is added back in reliance on clause (3) above, such Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such fee, cost, expense or reserve within the next four (4) Fiscal Quarters; 

(n) (i) unrealized net losses and gains under Hedge Agreements and/or other derivative instrument (regardless of whether
pursuant to FASB ASC No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging) and (ii) any net loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of indebtedness (and the termination of any associated hedging
arrangements); and 

(o) any costs or expenses incurred during such period relating to environmental remediation,
litigation, or other disputes in respect of events and exposures that occurred prior to the Closing Date. 

Consolidated Secured
Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis, at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all
of the Collateral. 

Consolidated Total Assets means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis and in
accordance with Section 1.08, at any date of determination, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the
applicable Person at such date. 

Consolidated Total Debt means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated
basis and in accordance with Section 1.08, at any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness for borrowed money (which shall be deemed to include LC Disbursements (as defined in
the ABL Credit Agreement or any similar term under any revolving credit facility) that have not been reimbursed within the time periods required by the ABL Credit Agreement or 

-23- 

such ABL Facility, after giving effect to any grace and cure periods) and the outstanding principal balance
of all Indebtedness with respect to purchase money Indebtedness, in each case, in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding, for the avoidance of
doubt, (i) all leases (including any Capital Leases), letter of credit (including all undrawn letters of credit), bank guarantees or similar obligations and performance, surety or similar bonds, (ii) any intercompany Indebtedness
eliminated in accordance with GAAP during consolidation and (iii) any such Indebtedness for which such Person has irrevocably deposited in trust or escrow the necessary funds (including Cash and Cash Equivalents) for the payment, redemption or
satisfaction of Indebtedness), minus, (b) the aggregate amount of (i) unrestricted Cash (including all principal Cash held in dedicated accounts for the deposit of payments by customers and disbursements to be made in connection
with services performed for customers) and Cash Equivalents of such Person in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents restricted
in favor of the Credit Facilities and the ABL Facility (which may also include Cash and Cash Equivalents securing other Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral along with the Credit Facilities and the ABL Facility); provided that
Consolidated Total Debt shall not include any Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with a NMTC Transaction permitted by Section 6.01(y)(ii). 

Contractual Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any provision of any Security issued by that Person or of
any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 

Contribution Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(r). 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Copyright means the following: (a) all copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright
whether published or unpublished, copyright registrations and copyright applications; (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing; (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable under any of the
foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past, present or future infringements for any of the foregoing; (d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of the foregoing; and (e) all rights
corresponding to any of the foregoing. 

CPQ has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this
Agreement. Credit

Facilities means the Term Facility, together with any Additional
Revolving Facility, Additional Term Facility and any other facility created or established under this Agreement. 

Current
Assets means, as to any Person determined on a consolidated basis, at any date of determination, consolidated current assets as would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP, but excluding, without duplication, (a) Cash and Cash Equivalents, (b) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes (including amounts required to be distributed pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or any distributions
or other Restricted Payments for the payment of such Taxes), (c) permitted loans made to third parties, (d) assets held for sale, (e) pension assets, (f) deferred bank fees and (g) derivative financial instruments. 

-24- 

Current Liabilities means, as to any Person determined on a
consolidated basis, at any date of determination, the consolidated current liabilities as would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding, without duplication,
(a) the current portion of any long-term Indebtedness, (b) outstanding revolving loans and letter of credit exposure (whether under this Agreement or otherwise), (c) the Consolidated Interest Expense, (d) the current portion of
any Capital Lease, (e) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes (including amounts required to be distributed pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement or any distributions or other Restricted Payments for the payment of such Taxes),
(f) liabilities in respect of unpaid earn-outs, (g) the current portion of any other long-term liabilities, (h) accruals relating to restructuring reserves, (i) liabilities in respect of funds of third parties on deposit with the
Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (j) any liabilities recorded in connection with stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards, awards of profits interests, deferred compensation awards and similar incentive
based compensation awards or arrangements. 

Debt Fund Affiliate means, with respect to any Disqualified
Institution, any bona fide debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity (in each case, other than any person that would otherwise be a Disqualified Institution) that is (i) primarily engaged in making,
purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and (ii) managed, sponsored or advised by any Person that is Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control
with such Disqualified Institution or Affiliate thereof, but only to the extent that no personnel associated or involved with the investment in (or management, control or operation of), such Disqualified Institution or such Affiliate thereof
(A) makes (or has the right to make or participate with others in making) investment decisions on behalf of, or otherwise cause the direction of the investment policies of, such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or
unregulated entity or (B) has access, directly or indirectly (including through such Disqualified Institution or any of its Affiliates), to any information (other than information that is publicly available) relating to any Parent Company, Holdings,
the Parent Borrower and/or any of their respective subsidiaries and/or of their respective businesses and (b) with respect to any other entity, any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than a natural person, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or their
respective subsidiaries) that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary
course of business and whose managers have fiduciary duties to the investors thereof that are independent of (or in addition to) their duties to Holdings, the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Sponsor (or any investor thereof). 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the U.S., and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of
creditors generally. 

Declined Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(v). 

Default means any event or condition which upon notice, lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that has (a) defaulted in its obligations under this Agreement, including
without limitation, to make a Loan within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be made by it hereunder, (b) notified the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party in writing that it does not intend to satisfy any such obligation or
has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally, (c) failed, within two (2) Business Days
after the request of Administrative Agent 

-25- 

or the Parent Borrower, to confirm in writing that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating
to its obligations to fund prospective Loans; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent if received prior to
the applicable funding date, (d) become (or any parent company thereof has become) (i) insolvent or been determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets, to be insolvent, or the assets or
management of which has been taken over by any Governmental Authority or (ii) the subject of a Bail-In Action, (e) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator,
assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence
in, any such proceeding or appointment, unless in the case of any Lender subject to this clause (e), the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall each have determined that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to
enable it (in form and substance satisfactory to each of the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent), to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder or (f) failed to return any amounts to the Administrative Agent (or its
Affiliates) within one (1) Business Day after receipt of a notice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article VIII; provided that no Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (i) the ownership
or acquisition of any Capital Stock in such Lender or its parent by any Governmental Authority or (ii) in the case of a solvent Person, the commencement of silent administration proceedings under The Financial Supervision Act (Wet financieel
toezicht Wft) then in effect in the Netherlands; provided, further, that, such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments
or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contract or agreement to which such Lender is a party. 

Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association,
credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 

Derivative
Transaction means (a) any interest-rate transaction, including any interest- rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other instrument linked to interest
rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange-rate transaction, including any cross-currency interest-rate swap, any forward foreign-exchange contract, any
currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract,
and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward
commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former
directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Borrower or its subsidiaries shall be a Derivative Transaction. 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the Fair Market Value of non-Cash consideration received by the Parent
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 6.07(h) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower,
setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to Cash or Cash Equivalents).

Designated Affiliate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(e)(vi). 

-26- 

Designated Operational FX Hedge means any Hedge Agreement entered
into for the purpose of hedging currency-related risks in respect of the revenues, cash flows or other balance sheet items of Holdings, the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiaries and designated at the time entered into (or on or prior to
the Closing Date, with respect to any Hedge Agreement entered into on or prior to the Closing Date) as a Designated Operational FX Hedge by the Parent Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent. 

Discount Range has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Discretionary Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantor. 

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, lease, sublease, or other disposition of any property of any
Person. 

Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security
into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for
Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the
Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute
Disqualified Capital Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, in
each case at any time on or prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the
holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any
such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock) or (d) requires scheduled payments of dividends in Cash
on or prior to ninety- one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued; provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving
holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change in control,
offering of debt or equity securities or any Disposition occurring prior to ninety-one (91) days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if (x) such
Capital Stock provides that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions prior to the Termination Date or (y) such redemption is subject to events that would cause the Termination Date to occur. 

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers,
employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, in each case in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and
(B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, 

-27- 

manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of
the Parent Borrower (or any Parent Company or any subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock
appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. 

Disqualified Institution means: 

(a) (i) any Person that is identified in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date (or if identified
after the Closing Date the disqualification of such person is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (ii) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) above (on the basis of such
Affiliates name) and (iii) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) and/or (ii) above that is identified by name in a written notice to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date; 

(b) any Company Competitor (it being understood and agreed that no Debt Fund Affiliate of any Company Competitor may be
designated as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to this clause (b) unless the Parent Borrower has a reasonable basis for such designation); and/or 

(c) any Affiliate of any Initial Term Lender that is engaged as a principal primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or
venture capital; provided, that no written notice delivered pursuant to clauses (a)(i), (a)(iii) above or clauses (a) and/or (c) of the definition of Company Competitor shall apply
retroactively to disqualify any person that has previously acquired a valid assignment or participation interest in the Term Loans. 

Dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the U.S. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent Borrower organized under the laws of the
United States, any state or the District of Columbia. 

Dutch Auction means an auction (an Auction)
conducted by Holdings, the Parent Borrower, any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such Person, the Auction Party) in order to purchase Initial Term Loans (or any other Term Loans),
in accordance with the following procedures; provided that no Auction Party shall initiate an Auction unless (I) at least five (5) Business Days have passed since the consummation of the most recent purchase of Term Loans pursuant to an
Auction conducted hereunder; or (II) at least three (3) Business Days have passed since the date of the last Failed Auction which was withdrawn pursuant to clause (c)(i) below: 

(a) Notice Procedures. In connection with any Auction, the Auction Party will provide notification to the Auction Agent
(for distribution to the relevant Lenders) of the Term Loans that will be the subject of the Auction (an Auction Notice). Each Auction Notice shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent and shall (i) specify
the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans subject to the Auction, in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 and whole increments of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in any case, such lesser amount of such Term Loans then outstanding or
which is otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent and the Administrative Agent (if different from the Auction Agent)) (the Auction Amount), (ii) specify the discount to par (which may be a range (the
Discount Range) of percentages of the par principal amount of the Term Loans subject to such Auction), that represents the range of purchase prices that the Auction Party would be willing to accept in the Auction, (iii) be
extended, at the sole discretion of the Auction Party, to (x) each Lender and/or (y) each Lender with respect to any Term 

-28- 

Loan on an individual Class basis, (iv) remain outstanding through the Auction Response
Date and (v) at the option of the Auction Party, be subject to one of more conditions or contingencies. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each appropriate Lender with a copy of the Auction Notice and a form of the Return Bid to be submitted by
a responding Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 p.m. on the date specified in the Auction Notice (or such later date as the Auction Party may agree with the reasonable consent of the Auction Agent) (the Auction
Response Date). 

(b) Reply Procedures. In connection with any Auction, each Lender holding the relevant Term
Loans subject to such Auction may, in its sole discretion, participate in such Auction and may provide the Auction Agent with a notice of participation (the Return Bid) which shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Auction
Agent, and shall specify (i) a discount to par (that must be expressed as a price at which it is willing to sell all or any portion of such Term Loans) (the Reply Price), which (when expressed as a percentage of the par
principal amount of such Term Loans) must be within the Discount Range, and (ii) a principal amount of such Term Loans, which must be in whole increments of $1,000,000 (or, in any case, such lesser amount of such Term Loans of such Lender then
outstanding or which is otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Auction Agent) (the Reply Amount). Lenders may only submit one Return Bid per Auction, but each Return Bid may contain up to three bids only one of which may result in
a Qualifying Bid. In addition to the Return Bid, the participating Lender must execute and deliver, to be held in escrow by the Auction Agent, an Assignment and Assumption with the dollar amount of the Term Loans to be assigned to be left in blank,
which amount shall be completed by the Auction Agent in accordance with the final determination of such Lenders Qualifying Bid pursuant to clause (c) below. Any Lender whose Return Bid is not received by the Auction Agent by the
Auction Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to participate in the relevant Auction with respect to all of its Term Loans. 

(c) Acceptance Procedures. Based on the Reply Prices and Reply Amounts received by the Auction Agent prior to the
applicable Auction Response Date, the Auction Agent, in consultation with the Auction Party, will determine the applicable price (the Applicable Price) for the Auction, which will be the lowest Reply Price for which the Auction
Party can complete the Auction at the Auction Amount; provided that, in the event that the Reply Amounts are insufficient to allow the Auction Party to complete a purchase of the entire Auction Amount (any such Auction, a Failed
Auction), the Auction Party shall either, at its election, (i) withdraw the Auction or (ii) complete the Auction at an Applicable Price equal to the highest Reply Price. The Auction Party shall purchase the relevant Term Loans
(or the respective portions thereof) from each Lender with a Reply Price that is equal to or lower than the Applicable Price (Qualifying Bids) at the Applicable Price; provided, further, that if the aggregate
proceeds required to purchase all Term Loans subject to Qualifying Bids would exceed the Auction Amount for such Auction, the Auction Party shall purchase such Term Loans at the Applicable Price ratably based on the principal amounts of such
Qualifying Bids (subject to rounding requirements specified by the Auction Agent in its discretion). If a Lender has submitted a Return Bid containing multiple bids at different Reply Prices, only the bid with the lowest Reply Price that is equal to
or less than the Applicable Price will be deemed to be the Qualifying Bid of such Lender (e.g., a Reply Price of $100 with a discount to par of 1%, when compared to an Applicable Price of $100 with a 2% discount to par, will not be deemed to
be a Qualifying Bid, while, however, a Reply Price of $100 with a discount to par of 2.50% would be deemed to be a Qualifying Bid). The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case within five (5) Business Days following the Auction Response
Date with respect to an Auction, notify (I) the Parent Borrower of the respective Lenders responses to such solicitation, the effective date of the purchase of Term Loans pursuant to such Auction, the Applicable Price,

-29- 

and the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans and the Classes thereof to be purchased pursuant to such Auction, (II) each participating Lender of the effective date of the purchase of Term
Loans pursuant to such Auction, the Applicable Price, and the aggregate principal amount and the Classes of Term Loans to be purchased at the Applicable Price on such date, (III) each participating Lender of the aggregate principal amount and the
Classes of the Term Loans of such Lender to be purchased at the Applicable Price on such date and (IV) if applicable, each participating Lender of any rounding and/or proration pursuant to the second preceding sentence. Each determination by the
Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Parent Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. 

(d) Additional Procedures. 

(i) Once initiated by an Auction Notice, the Auction Party may not withdraw an Auction other than a Failed Auction or one or
more conditions or contingencies have not been satisfied (or waived by the Auction Party). Furthermore, in connection with any Auction, upon submission by a Lender of a Qualifying Bid, such Lender (each, a Qualifying Lender) will
be obligated to sell the entirety or its allocable portion of the Reply Amount, as the case may be, at the Applicable Price. 

(ii) To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each purchase of Term Loans pursuant to an Auction shall be consummated
pursuant to procedures consistent with the provisions in this definition, established by the Auction Agent acting in its reasonable discretion and as reasonably agreed by the Parent Borrower. 

(iii) In connection with any Auction, the Parent Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may
require one or more conditions or contingencies to any Auction, including the payment of customary fees and expenses by the Auction Party in connection therewith as agreed between the Auction Party and the Auction Agent. 

(iv) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this definition, each notice or other
communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon the Auction Agents (or its delegates) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice
or communication; provided that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business Day. 

(v) The Parent Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may perform any and all of its duties
under this definition by itself or through any Affiliate of the Auction Agent and expressly consent to any such delegation of duties by the Auction Agent to such Affiliate and the performance of such delegated duties by such Affiliate. The
exculpatory provisions pursuant to this Agreement shall apply to each Affiliate of the Auction Agent and its respective activities in connection with any purchase of Term Loans provided for in this definition as well as activities of the Auction
Agent. 

Eco Services has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Ecovyst has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 

-30- 

EEA Financial Institution means, (a) any credit institution
or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause
(a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to
consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the
European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means, any public
administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having authority to exercise any Write-Down and Conversion Powers.

Electronic Copy has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b).

Electronic Record has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b). 

Electronic Signature has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.07(b). 

Eligible Assignee means (a) any Lender, (b) any commercial bank, insurance company, or finance company,
financial institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), (c) any Affiliate of any Lender, (d) any Approved Fund of any Lender or (e) to the
extent permitted under Section 9.05(g) and/or 9.05(h), any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate; provided that in any event, Eligible Assignee shall not include (i) any natural person, (ii) any
Disqualified Institution or (iii) except as permitted under Section 9.05(g) and/or 9.05(h), any Borrower or any of such Borrowers Affiliates.

Engagement Letter means that certain Amended and Restated Engagement Letter, dated as of May 27, 2021, by and
among Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC, PQ and the other parties party thereto.

Environment means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface and subsurface
strata and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna.

Environmental Claim means any
investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in
connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law; (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity; or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury,
threat or harm to the Environment.

Environmental Laws means any and all current or future applicable
foreign or domestic, federal or state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities and the common
law relating to (a) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity; or (b) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of or exposure to Hazardous Materials, in any manner applicable to the
Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Facility.

-31- 

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or
otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental investigation or remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the
generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or
(e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations
promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, (a) any
corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which that Person is a member; and (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group
of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which that Person is a member.

ERISA Event means (a) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the
regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the 30-day notice period has been waived); (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any
Pension Plan, or the filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or a failure to make a required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (c) the provision by
the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (d) the withdrawal by any Borrower, any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan; (f) the imposition of liability on a Borrower, any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (g) a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections
4203 and 4205 of ERISA) of a Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA
Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in insolvency pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA or is in endangered or
critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (h) a failure by any Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates to pay when due (after
expiration of any applicable grace period) any installment payment with respect to withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA; (i) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at-risk
status, within the meaning of Section 430(i)(4) of the Code or Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA; or (j) the incurrence of liability or the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 436 or 430(k) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA with
respect to any Pension Plan.

Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.02(a). 

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section
8.02(c). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan
Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time.

-32- 

Euro or means the single currency unit
of the Participating Member States.

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article
VII.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder.

Excluded Assets means each of the following: 

(a) any assets (including any lease, licenses or agreement) subject to a purchase money security interest, capital lease or
similar arrangement permitted by this Agreement as to which the grant of a security interest therein would (i) constitute a violation of a restriction in favor of a third party (other than Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its
subsidiaries) or result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right of the relevant Loan Party, or (ii) result in a breach, termination (or a right of termination) or default under such contract, instrument, lease,
license, agreement or other document (including pursuant to any change of control or similar provision); provided, however, that any such asset will only constitute an Excluded Asset under clause (i) or
clause (ii) above to the extent such violation or breach, termination (or right of termination) or default would not be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or
provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law; providedfurther that any such asset shall cease to constitute an Excluded Asset at such time as the condition causing such violation, breach, termination (or right
of termination) or default or right to amend or require other actions no longer exists and to the extent severable, the security interest granted under the applicable Collateral Document shall attach immediately to any portion of such contract,
instrument, lease, license, agreement or document that does not result in any of the consequences specified in clauses (i) and (ii) above; 

(b) the Capital Stock of any (i) Immaterial Subsidiary, (ii) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (iii) Unrestricted
Subsidiary (except to the extent the security interest in such Capital Stock may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement), (iv) not- for-profit subsidiary, (v) special purpose entity used for any
permitted securitization facility, (vi) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and is not permitted to be pledged pursuant to such entitys organizational documents without (A) the consent of one or more
unaffiliated third parties other than Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any
other applicable law) or (B) giving rise to a right of first refusal, a right of first offer or a similar right that may be exercised by any third party other than Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its
subsidiaries, (vii) any subsidiary that is prohibited from having its stock pledged by (A) any law or regulation or would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval or authorization, or (B) any Contractual
Obligation that exists on the Closing Date or at the same time such subsidiary becomes a subsidiary of the Parent Borrower and not entered into in contemplation of such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, (viii) any
Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date that, at the time of the relevant acquisition (and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition), is an obligor in respect of
any Indebtedness permitted to be assumed by the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits the Capital Stock of such Restricted
Subsidiary from being pledged, and (ix) any person that is not (A) the Parent Borrower or (B) a Restricted Subsidiary that is a direct, first tier subsidiary of the Parent Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor; 

-33- 

(c) any IP Rights in any non-U.S. jurisdictions and any intent-to-use
Trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or an Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, only to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security
interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use Trademark application or any registration issuing therefrom under applicable law; 

(d) any asset (including governmental licenses or state or local franchises, charters, authorizations and agreements), the
grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited or restricted by applicable law (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9- 409 of the UCC and other applicable laws) or (ii) require any
governmental consent, approval, license or authorization that has not been obtained (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9- 408 or 9-409 of the UCC and other applicable laws), (iii) be prohibited by enforceable anti- assignment
provisions of applicable Requirements of Law, except, in the case of this clause (iii), to the extent such prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition, or (iv) be
prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions of contracts governing such asset in existence on the Closing Date or on the date of acquisition of the relevant asset (and in each case not entered into in anticipation of the Closing Date or
such acquisition and except, in each case, to the extent that term in such contract providing for such prohibition purports to prohibit the granting of a security interest over all assets of such Loan Party or any other Loan Party) other than to the
extent such prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law; 

(e) (i) any leasehold
Real Estate Asset and (ii) any owned Real Estate Asset; 

(f) any leasehold interests in any other asset or property
(except to the extent the security interest in such leasehold interest may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement); 

(g) any motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title; 

(h) any Margin Stock; 

(i) the Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary or any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, other than 65% of the issued and outstanding
Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a direct, first-tier Restricted Subsidiary of a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor and owned by such Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(j) (i) Commercial Tort Claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Parent Borrower) of less than $26,000,000
(except as to which perfection of the security interest in such Commercial Tort Claims is accomplished by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement covering all-assets (or similar language)) and (ii) Letter-of-Credit Rights
(except to the extent constituting a supporting obligation for other Collateral as to which perfection of the security interest in such Letter-of-Credit Rights may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement covering
all-assets (or similar language)); 

(k) except to the extent constituting ABL Collateral or any Proceeds
Account (as defined in the Security Agreement) and subject to clause (A)(z) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, any (i) Cash or Cash Equivalents (other than Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent
constituting proceeds with respect to Collateral), and (ii) deposit, securities and similar accounts (including securities entitlements), payroll and other employee wage and benefit accounts, tax accounts (including, without limitation, sales
tax accounts) and any tax benefits, escrow accounts, fiduciary or trust accounts for the benefit of third parties and any funds and other property held in or maintained in any such accounts; 

-34- 

(l) any accounts receivable and related assets that are sold or disposed of
in connection with any asset securitization transaction involving accounts receivable, factoring or similar arrangement permitted by this Agreement; 

(m) any asset or property (including the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary), the grant or perfection of a security
interest in which would result in material adverse tax liabilities or consequences to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (including with respect to any tax distribution paid or payable to any Parent
Company), as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent; 

(n) any asset
with respect to which the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower have reasonably determined that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the relevant Loan Party to conduct its operations and business
in the ordinary course of business) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of a security interest to the relevant Secured Parties afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower; and 

(o) any property or assets that would otherwise constitute ABL Priority Collateral, to the extent that the ABL Agent in respect
of any ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis determines that any such property or assets shall not become part of, or shall be excluded from, the Collateral under the ABL Facility (other than in connection with the Discharge of ABL
Obligations (as defined in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement)); 

provided that, Excluded Assets shall not include any proceeds,
substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Assets referred to in clauses (a) through (p) (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute Excluded Assets referred to in clauses
(a) through (p)). 

Excluded Subsidiary means: 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; 

(b) any Immaterial Subsidiary; 

(c) any Restricted Subsidiary that is prohibited from providing a Guarantee by (i) law or regulation or whose provision of
a Guarantee would require a governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization in order to provide a Guarantee or (ii) any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted
Subsidiary becomes a subsidiary (which Contractual Obligation was not entered into in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a subsidiary) from providing a Loan Guaranty; 

(d) any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that is (i) a not-for-profit subsidiary, (ii) a Captive
Insurance Subsidiary, (iii) a special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization or receivables facility or financing, (iv) a Foreign Subsidiary or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, (v) a Foreign
Subsidiary Holdco or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, or (vi) an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

-35- 

(e) any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable
judgment of the Parent Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent), the burden or cost of providing a Loan Guaranty outweighs the benefits afforded thereby; 

(f) solely in the case of any obligation under any Secured Hedging Obligations that constitutes a swap within the
meaning of section 1(a)(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, any subsidiary of Holdings that is not an Eligible Contract Participant as defined under the Commodity Exchange Act (after giving effect to any applicable customary
keepwell provision under the Loan Guaranty); 

(g) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Parent Borrower or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date that, at the time of the relevant acquisition (and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition), is an obligor in respect of assumed Indebtedness that is permitted hereunder to the
extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such Restricted Subsidiary from providing a Loan Guaranty; 

(h) any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower where the provision of a Loan Guaranty would result in material adverse tax
consequences to any Parent Company, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent; and 

(i) any subsidiary as reasonably agreed between the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a
portion of the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Loan Guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or
order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the
Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder (determined after giving effect to Section 3.20 of the Loan Guaranty and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor) at the time the Loan
Guaranty of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the
portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Loan Guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made
by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income (however denominated) and franchise Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the jurisdiction
(or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other
Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed under Section 884(a) of the Code or any similar Tax, imposed by any jurisdiction described in clause (a), (c) in the case of any Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Tax
that is imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment that are (or would be) required to be withheld pursuant to a Requirement of Law in effect at the time such Lender
becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), except in each case (i) pursuant to an assignment or designation of a new lending office under Section 2.19 and (ii) to the extent that such Lender (or its
assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior 

-36- 

to the designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from any Loan Party with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 2.17,
(d) any Tax imposed as a result of a failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Section 2.17(f), (e) any withholding Tax imposed under FATCA and (f) U.S. backup withholding taxes. 

Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2016, by and among
CPQ, PQ, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Credit Suisse, in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent), as amended by the First
Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2016, the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2017, the Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2018, the Fourth Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 7,
2020, and the Fifth Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, and any other amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, refinancings, renewals, extensions or modifications thereof.

Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Existing
Credit Agreement. 

Existing Credit Agreement Closing Date means May 4, 2016. 

Existing Credit Agreement Transaction Costs has the meaning assigned to Transaction Costs in the Existing
Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof. 

Existing Credit Agreement Transactions has the meaning assigned to
Transactions in the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof. 

Existing Sidecar Credit
Agreement means that certain New Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, by and among CPQ, PQ, Eco Services, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Credit Suisse, in its capacities as administrative agent and
collateral agent for the Lenders (the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent), as amended by the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, and the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of
December 22, 2020, and any other amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, refinancings, renewals, extensions or modifications thereof.

Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement. 

Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Closing Date means July 22,
2020. 

Extended Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(ii).

Extended Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(ii). 

Extended Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(ii). 

Extended Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(iii). 

Extended Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(iii). 

-37- 

Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section
2.23(a). 

Extension Offer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a). 

Facility means any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter
or, except with respect to Articles V and VI, hereof owned, leased, operated or used by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Failed Auction has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction. 

Fair Market Value means, with respect to any property, assets (including Capital Stock and Indebtedness) or obligations,
the fair market value thereof as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower (after taking into account, with respect to property and assets, any liabilities with respect thereto that impact such fair market value). 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

FCPA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(b). 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions,
as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate charged to the
Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that to the extent that the Federal Funds Effective Rate is less than 0.00% per annum, the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be deemed
to be 0.00% per annum for purposes hereof. 

Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Fee Letters means (a) the
Administrative Agent Fee Letter and (b) any other fee letter with respect to the Credit Facilities in effect on or after the Closing Date. 

First Amendment means the First Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, among the Borrowers, Holdings and
Credit Suisse, as the Administrative Agent. 

First Lien Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of
determination, of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

First Priority Secured Obligations means the Secured Obligations in respect of the Initial Term Loans and any other Credit
Facilities secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Initial Term Loans (as incurred and secured on the Closing Date). 

-38- 

Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 

Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Parent Borrower ending on December 31 of each calendar year.

Fixed Basket means any category or subcategory of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions in this
Agreement based on a fixed Dollar amount and/or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets as of any date of determination (including in Article VI and the Fixed Incremental Amount and clause (b) or
any sub-clause therein of the definition of Incremental Cap) or that is not otherwise an Incurrence-Based Basket. 

Fixed Incremental Amount means an amount equal to (a) the greater of $263,000,000 and an amount equal to 100% of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are internally available, minus (b) to the extent issued and/or incurred under this Fixed Incremental
Amount, the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt, plus (c) the aggregate amount of voluntary Prepayments of indebtedness referred to in clause (b) above and any Replacement
Term Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility and Replacement Notes in respect thereof (with, in the case of any revolving facility, a corresponding reduction in commitments) to the extent such Prepayments were not funded with Long-Term Funded
Indebtedness, plus (d) any amounts reallocated to the Fixed Incremental Amount from Section 6.01(u). 

Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00%. 

Foreign Discretionary Guarantor means a Discretionary Guarantor that is organized in a jurisdiction outside of the United
States. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic
Subsidiary. 

Foreign Subsidiary Holdco means a direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that has
no material assets other than the capital stock and, if applicable, capital stock and indebtedness of one or more subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries or other Foreign Subsidiary Holdcos. Funding Account has the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.03(f). 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. in effect and
applicable to the accounting period in respect of which reference to GAAP is made, subject to Section 1.04(a); provided, that, unless the Parent Borrower elects otherwise or exercises its rights under Section 1.04(a),
the accounting for operating leases and capital leases under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, Accounting Standards Codification 840) shall apply for the purposes of determining compliance with the provisions of
this Agreement (including the definition of Capital Lease, Consolidated Total Debt and Indebtedness), as applied by the Parent Borrower in good faith. 

Governmental Authority means any federal, provincial, territorial, state, municipal, national or other government,
governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or
pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state or locality of the U.S., the U.S., or a foreign government or any other political subdivision thereof, including central banks and supra national bodies. 

-39- 

Governmental Authorization means any permit, license,
authorization, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from any Governmental Authority.

Granting
Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e).

Guarantee of or by any
Person (as used in this definition, the Guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the Guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any
other Person (the Primary Obligor) in any manner and including any obligation of the Guarantor (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation
or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other monetary
obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the Primary Obligor so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary
obligation, (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or monetary obligation, (e) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in
respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (f) secured by any Lien on any assets of such Guarantor securing
any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation is assumed by such Guarantor (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other
monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in
effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition, Disposition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to
be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect
thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith.

Guarantor means Holdings, each Borrower, any
Subsidiary Guarantor and any Discretionary Guarantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parent Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion (but subject to the consent of the Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), to cause one or more Restricted Subsidiaries that are Excluded Subsidiaries or, without limiting the obligation of Holdings and each Borrower to at all times be a Guarantor, one or more specified Parent Companies to become a Guarantor (any
such person, a Discretionary Guarantor) by causing such Person to execute a joinder to the Loan Guaranty (in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto) and to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.12, the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Perfection Requirements (as if such Person was a newly formed Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary but without regard to the time periods specified therein, provided that such entity
shall not be deemed a Guarantor or Discretionary Guarantor until such entity has complied with such requirements); provided, that (i) in the case of any Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, the jurisdiction of such person is reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) Administrative Agent shall have received at least two (2) Business Days prior to such Person becoming a Guarantor all documentation and other information in respect of such person required
under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including the USA Patriot Act); provided, further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Parent Company (other than, for the avoidance of
doubt, Holdings) that becomes 

-40- 

a Discretionary Guarantor shall be required to grant (but may grant at the Parent Borrowers election) any Liens or provide any Collateral or other security for its obligations. Any such
Discretionary Guarantor shall be treated as and shall be subject to all provisions applicable to Loan Parties and Guarantors and shall not otherwise be treated as or subject to the provisions applicable to Excluded Subsidiaries on the basis for
which such Person constituted an Excluded Subsidiary at the time of such designation; provided that no Parent Company that is a Discretionary Guarantor shall be treated as a Loan Party or Guarantor for purposes of Article VI or any
exceptions, thresholds or baskets applicable to or available to any Person on the basis that such Parent Company is a Loan Party or Guarantor for so long as such Parent Company has not granted any Liens or provided any Collateral or other security
for its obligations and otherwise complied with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and Perfection Requirements (as if such Person was a newly formed Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary but without regard to the time
periods specified therein). 

Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material, substance or waste, or any
constituent thereof, which is prohibited, defined, listed or regulated as toxic, hazardous or as a pollutant or contaminant or words of similar meaning or effect by any Environmental Law, including
asbestos and asbestos-related material.

Hazardous Materials Activity means any past, current, proposed
or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Material, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation,
processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Material, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing.

Hedge Agreement means any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between any Loan Party or any
Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person.

Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person, the
obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement.

Holdings means Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware
corporation. 

IBA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.13(a). 

IFRS means international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regulation 1606/2002, as in effect from time to
time (subject to the provisions of Section 1.04), to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. 

Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower that
has been designated by the Parent Borrower as an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement, provided that the Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as so determined) of all such designated
Immaterial Subsidiaries that would otherwise be required to be Subsidiary Guarantors shall not exceed 5.0% of Consolidated Total Assets and 5.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
for the relevant Test Period.

Immediate Family Member means, with respect to any individual, such
individuals child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law
(including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning

-41- 

vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individuals estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs or legatees or any
private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 

Incremental Cap means: 

(a) the Fixed Incremental Amount; plus 

(b) the aggregate amount of voluntary Prepayments of (i) the Term Loans and any other Indebtedness incurred under this
Agreement (to the extent consisting of revolving credit Indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction of the commitments in respect thereof), (ii) any Incremental Term Facilities, Incremental Equivalent Debt,
and other Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations and any permanent reduction of the ABL Facility and any other revolving
credit facility that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations, in each case, to the extent not increasing the Fixed Incremental Amount pursuant to clause
(c) of the definition thereof, (iii) any Replacement Term Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility and Replacement Notes in respect of the preceding sub-clause (i) and (ii) of this clause (b), and
(iv) any other Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by this Agreement (to the extent consisting of revolving credit Indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction of the commitments in respect thereof) (the
indebtedness described in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), collectively, Specified Debt); provided, that, in each case, (A) the relevant Prepayment is not funded with Long-Term
Funded Indebtedness, and (B) any such increase in the Incremental Cap resulting from such Prepayments of: 

(x)
Specified Debt secured on a junior priority basis with respect to the Collateral may only be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under this clause (b) that is secured on a junior priority basis with
respect to the Collateral or unsecured unless such Specified Debt could initially have been incurred as Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on all or substantially all of the Collateral on a pari passu or senior basis with the First
Priority Secured Obligations, in which case any repayment thereof may be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt that is secured on a pari passu or senior basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations, and 

(y) unsecured Specified Debt may only be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt under this
clause (b) that is unsecured unless such Indebtedness could have, at the time of incurrence thereof, been incurred as Indebtedness secured on a junior priority basis with respect to the Collateral, in which case any repayment thereof may
be used to incur Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt that is secured on a junior priority basis with respect to the Collateral or unsecured; plus 

(c) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (c), after giving effect to the relevant Incremental
Facility and the incurrence of Indebtedness thereunder (in the case of any delayed draw Incremental Term Facility, at the election of the Parent Borrower, either at the time of the establishment thereof or at the time of each applicable incurrence
with respect thereto): 

(i) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu
with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (x) the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.50:1.00 or (y) if being utilized to finance Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions
(including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of 4.50:1.00 and the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter, 

-42- 

(ii) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral
that is junior in priority to the Lien securing the Initial Term Loans, (x) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed 5.75:1.00 or (y) if being utilized to finance Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions
(including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of 5.75:1.00 and the Secured Leverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter, and 

(iii) if such Incremental Facility is unsecured, (x) either (A) the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 6.25:1.00
or (B) the Net Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than 2.00:1.00 or (y) if being utilized to finance Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions (including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), either
(A) the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of 6.25:1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter or (B) the Net Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than the lesser of 2.00:1.00 and
the Net Interest Coverage Ratio as of the then-most recently completed fiscal quarter; 

in the case of each of the foregoing clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii), calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the most recent period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters then ended for which financial statements are internally available, including the
application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the Cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility) and related transactions (and giving effect to other permitted pro forma adjustments), and, in the case of (I) any
Incremental Revolving Facility being established at such time, assuming a full drawing under such Incremental Revolving Facility then being established and (II) any Incremental Term Facility that is a delayed draw term facility being established at
such time, either assuming a full drawing of such delayed draw term facility then being established or having each drawing thereunder be subject to satisfaction of the applicable financial ratio set forth above. 

Incremental Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Facility or
Incremental Loans. 

Incremental Equivalent Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(z).

Incremental Facilities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Facility Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement executed by (a) Holdings, each Borrower and
the Guarantors, (b) solely to the extent adversely affecting the rights and interests of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of such Incremental Term Facility or
Incremental Revolving Facility, as applicable, being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 9.02(c).

Incremental Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Revolving Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental
Revolving Facility. 

-43- 

Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(a). 

Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.22(a). 

Incurrence-Based Basket means any category (or subcategory) of exceptions,
thresholds, baskets, or other provisions in this Agreement based on complying or subject to compliance (including on a Pro Forma Basis) with any financial ratio (including, without limitation any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage
Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio, the availability and funding of any Incremental Facility in the form of a delayed draw term loan facility and/or clause (c) (or sub-clause) of the definition of
Incremental Cap).

Indebtedness as applied to any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness
for borrowed money; (b) that portion of obligations with respect to Capital Leases to the extent recorded as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; (c) all
obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as indebtedness on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP;
(d) any obligation owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than any earn out obligation, purchase price and working capital adjustment obligations and any similar obligation except to the extent
reflected as a liability on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP and not paid within thirty (30) days after becoming due and payable), which purchase price is due more than three hundred sixty four
(364) days from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof; (e) all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by any Lien on any property or asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured
thereby shall have been assumed by such Person in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the Fair Market Value of the property or asset subject to such Lien; (f) the face amount of
any letter of credit issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings; (g) the Guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another; (h) all obligations of such Person in
respect of any Disqualified Capital Stock and (i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, including any Hedge Agreement, whether or not entered into for hedging or speculative purposes; provided that
in no event shall obligations under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the Net Interest Coverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio or any
other financial ratio under this Agreement. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or any joint venture (other than any joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited
liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent such Persons liability for such Indebtedness is otherwise limited and only to the extent such Indebtedness would otherwise be included in
the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall exclude, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (A) the effects of Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the
terms of such Indebtedness and any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder, (B) the effects of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 133 and related 

-44- 

interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded
derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of
Indebtedness under this Agreement), (C) liabilities under vendor agreements to the extent such liabilities may be satisfied exclusively through non-cash means such as purchase volume earning credits, (D) reserves for deferred taxes (or
obligation to make any distributions or Restricted Payments in respect thereof), (E) any obligations incurred under ERISA, (F) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business (including on an inter-company
basis), (G) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits, (H) Indebtedness that is non-recourse to the credit of such Person and (I) for all purposes under this Agreement other than for purposes of
Section 6.01, intercompany Indebtedness among Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, further, that the principal amount of any Indebtedness shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08. 

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment
made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document.

Indemnitee has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b).

Information has the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 3.11(a).

Initial Term Lender means any Lender with an Initial Term Loan
Commitment or holding Initial Term Loans.

Initial Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each
Initial Term Lender, the commitment of such Initial Term Lender to make Initial Term Loans hereunder in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Initial Term Lenders name on the Commitment Schedule, as the same may
be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Initial Term Lender pursuant to Section 9.05 or (ii) an
Additional Term Commitment of the same Class. The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is $900,000,000.

Initial Term Loan Maturity Date means the date that is seven (7) years after the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

Initial Term Loans means (a) prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Term Loans made by the Initial
Term Lenders to the Parent Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined in the Second Amendment) and (b) on or after the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Second Amendment Term Loans (as
defined in the Second Amendment) made pursuant to and in accordance with the Second Amendment on the Second Amendment Effective Date.

Intellectual Property Security Agreement means any agreement, including any supplement thereto, executed on or after the
Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Agreement, including any of the
following: (a) a Trademark Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the Security Agreement, (b) a Patent Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the Security Agreement or (c) a
Copyright Security Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Security Agreement, together with any and all supplements or amendments thereto. 

-45- 

Intercreditor Agreements means the ABL Intercreditor Agreement,
the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement and/or the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement (in each case, if any), as the context may require.

Interest Election Request means a request by the Parent Borrower in the form of Exhibit D or another form
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08.

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June,
September and December (commencing on September 30, 2021) or the maturity date applicable to such Loan, (b) with respect to any SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in
the case of a SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three (3) months duration, each day that would have been an Interest Payment Date had successive Interest Periods of three (3) months duration been applicable to
such Borrowing and (c) to the extent necessary to create a fungible Class of Loans in connection with the incurrence of any Additional Loans, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, the date of the
incurrence of such Additional Loans.

Interest Period means with respect to any SOFR Borrowing, the
period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one (1), three (3) or six (6) months (or, to the extent available to all relevant affected Lenders , and to the
extent ascertainable by the Administrative Agent, twelve (12) months or, subject to the Administrative Agents consent, a shorter period) thereafter, as the Parent Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period
would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on
the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end
on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) the Parent Borrower may not elect any Interest Period that would result in such Interest Period extending beyond the Maturity Date. For purposes hereof, the
date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

Investment means (a) any purchase or other acquisition by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any of
the Securities of any other Person (other than any Loan Party), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and/or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of
all or substantially all of the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance (other than any advance to any current or former
employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or independent contractor of any Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar
expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person. Subject to Section 5.10, the amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such
Investment, plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect thereto, but giving effect to any repayments of principal in the case of any
Investment in the form of a loan and any return of capital or return on Investment in the case of any equity Investment (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the relevant initial Investment) and
in each case, the amount of the Investment shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.08. 

-46- 

Investors means (a) the Sponsor and (b) the Co-Investors. 

IP Rights has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(c). 

IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

ISDA CDS Definitions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(e)(iv). 

Junior Lien Indebtedness means any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral (other than Indebtedness
among Holdings and/or its subsidiaries) that is contractually junior or subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Initial Term Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness outstanding under any ABL Facility shall not be Junior Lien
Indebtedness.

Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form
of Exhibit L hereto. 

Latest Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or
expiration date applicable to any Loan or commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Initial Term Loan, Additional Term Loan, Additional Revolving Loan or Additional Commitment.

Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date
applicable to any Additional Revolving Loan or any Additional Revolving Commitment. 

Latest Term Loan Maturity
Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any term loan or term commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Term Loan or any Additional
Term Commitment.

LCT Election has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a).

LCT Test Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(a). 

Legal Reservations means the application of relevant Debtor Relief Laws, general principles of equity and/or
principles of good faith and fair dealing.

Lenders means the Initial Term Lenders, any Additional
Lender, any lender with a Commitment or an outstanding Loan and any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and
Assumption.

Letter-of-Credit Right has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, deed of trust, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien
(statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other
encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capital Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself
be deemed to constitute a Lien on any asset. 

-47- 

Limited Condition Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 1.10(a). 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, any Promissory
Note, each Loan Guaranty, the Collateral Documents, the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, the Fee Letters and any other document or instrument designated by
the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto. 

Loan Guaranty means (a) the First Lien Loan Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date and executed by each Loan Party
party thereto and by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (b)(i) each other guaranty agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit H, (ii) another form of guaranty that is otherwise reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower or (iii) any supplement or joinder to any of the foregoing, in each case, executed by any Person pursuant to Section 5.12 or as provided in the definition of
Guarantor. 

Loan Installment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(a).

Loan Parties means Holdings, each Borrower, each Subsidiary Guarantor, and in each case their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

Loan Party Payments has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.02(a). 

Loans means any Initial Term Loan, any Additional Term Loan, any Additional
Revolving Loan and any loan under any other Credit Facility.

Long-Term Funded Indebtedness means any
funded Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries having a maturity of greater than one (1) year; provided, that Long- Term Funded Indebtedness shall exclude all Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility or
line of credit.

Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U.

Market Capitalization means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common
Capital Stock of any applicable Parent Company on the date of the declaration of a Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(viii) multiplied by (ii) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common
Capital Stock on the principal securities exchange on which such common Capital Stock are traded for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such Restricted Payment.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, financial condition or
results of operations, in each case, of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) under the
applicable Loan Documents or (iii) the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the applicable Loan Documents.

Material Debt Instrument means any promissory note payable to, or in favor, of a Loan Party with an aggregate
principal amount outstanding, in each case, of not less than $32,000,000.

-48- 

Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the
Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, (b) as to any Replacement Term Loans incurred pursuant to Section 9.02(c), the final maturity date for such Replacement Term Loan as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (c) as to any
Replacement Revolving Facility established pursuant to Section 9.02(c), the final maturity date for such Replacement Revolving Facility as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (d) with respect to any Incremental Term Loans,
the final maturity date set forth in the applicable documentation with respect thereto, (e) with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable documentation with respect thereto,
(f) with respect to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Term Loans, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Extension Offer accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders and (g) with respect to any other Loans,
the final maturity date for such Loans as set forth in the applicable Credit Facility. 

Maximum Rate has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19.

Midco means Ecovyst Midco II Inc., a Delaware
corporation. 

Midco Transactions means (A) Midco executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent (i) a
joinder to this Agreement in a form reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent and becoming a party hereto, (ii) a supplement to the Security Agreement and becoming a Grantor thereunder and (iii) any new applicable
Collateral Documents or supplements to any existing applicable Collateral Documents; (B) (i) pursuant to the actions described in clause (A)(iii), Midco granting Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, in all of its Collateral to secure the Obligations and (ii) Midco authorizing and delivering to the Administrative Agent in proper form for filing such UCC financing statements, intellectual property security agreements or similar
agreements required by the Administrative Agent to perfect the Liens in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent; (C) at least three (3) Business Days prior to Midco becoming a party to this Agreement pursuant to the joinder
agreements described above, Midco delivering to the Administrative Agent all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender under or in respect of
applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act that has been requested at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the execution and delivery of such joinder
agreement; (D) without limiting the foregoing, Midco delivering documents of the type described in Section 4.01(d) and (E) Midco causing to be executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a customary written opinion of
Ropes & Gray LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for Midco, dated the Performance Chemicals Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and Lenders. 

Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA, that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, and in respect of which the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, makes or is obligated to make
contributions or with respect to which any of them has any ongoing obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Narrative Report means, with respect to the financial statements with respect to which it is delivered, a management
discussion and narrative report describing the operations of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted Subsidiaries for the applicable Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year and forthe period from the beginning of the then-current Fiscal
Year to the end of the period to which the relevant financial statements relate.

-49- 

Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds means an amount equal to:
(a) any Cash payments or proceeds (including Cash Equivalents) received by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) under any casualty insurance policy in respect of a covered loss thereunder of any assets of the relevant
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) as a result of the taking of any assets of the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by any Person pursuant to the power of eminent domain, condemnation or otherwise, or
pursuant to a sale of any such assets to a purchaser with such power under threat of such a taking, minus (b) (i) any actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in
connection with the adjustment, settlement or collection of any claims of the relevant Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary in respect thereof, (ii) payment of the outstanding principal amount of, premium or penalty, if any, and interest
and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and any Indebtedness secured by a Lien that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) that is secured by a Lien on
the assets in question and that is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default under the terms thereof as a result of such loss, taking or sale, (iii) in the case of a taking, the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of
putting any affected property in a safe and secure position, (iv) any selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title
insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred and paid to unaffiliated third parties in
connection therewith, transfer and similar Taxes and the relevant Borrowers good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any Tax distributions by a Loan Party, and taking into account
any available tax credits or deductions, in each case attributable to such proceeds)) in connection with any sale or taking of such assets as described in clause (a) of this definition, (v) any amounts provided as a reserve in accordance
with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustments associated with any sale or taking of such assets as referred to in clause (a) of this definition (provided that to the
extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds) and (vi) in the case of any covered loss or taking from a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata
portion thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (vi)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the relevant Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof.

Net Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition (including any Prepayment Asset Sale), the Cash proceeds
(including Cash Equivalents and Cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-Cash consideration initially received), net of (i) selling costs and out- of-pocket expenses (including reasonable brokers fees
or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage,
consultant and other customary fees actually incurred and paid to unaffiliated third parties in connection therewith and transfer and similar Taxes and the relevant Borrowers good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including,
without duplication, pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any Tax distributions, and taking into account any available tax credits or deductions, in each case to the extent attributable to such sale) by a Loan Party in connection with such
Disposition including, in the case of a Disposition by a Foreign Subsidiary, any additional Taxes that are or would be payable or reserved against as a result of repatriation), 

-50- 

(ii) amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustment associated with such Disposition
(provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any
Indebtedness (other than the Loans and any other Indebtedness secured by a Lien that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) which is secured by the asset sold in such
Disposition and which is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default and is repaid (other than any such Indebtedness that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset) (iv) Cash escrows (until released from escrow to the
relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) from the sale price for such Disposition and (v) in the case of any Disposition by a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated
without regard to this clause (v)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the relevant Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof; and (b) with respect to any
issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or Capital Stock, the Cash proceeds thereof, net of all Taxes and customary fees, commissions, costs, underwriting discounts and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 

Net Short Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(e). 

NMTC Transactions means one or more transactions involving the disposition and/or financing of Real Estate Assets owned by
any Subsidiary of Holdings in the form of a new market tax credit financing or similar financing in an aggregate amount not to exceed $75,000,000. 

Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(b). 

Non-Debt Fund Affiliate means the Investors and any Affiliates of the Investors (other than Holdings, any Borrower and
their respective subsidiaries, a natural person or any Affiliate thereof that is a Debt Fund Affiliate), and any direct or indirect parent of Holdings. 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiary means any subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including interest, fees and expenses accruing
during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, Commitments, all accrued and unpaid fees, premiums and all expenses,
reimbursements, indemnities and all other liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents in respect of any Loans, whether direct or
indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute, contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. 

OFAC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(a). 

Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, its certificate or articles of incorporation or
organization and its by-laws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership and its partnership agreement,
(c) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization or association or certificate of formation, and its operating agreement or memorandum
and articles of association (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), and (e) with respect to any other form of entity, such other organizational documents required by local law

-51- 

or customary under such jurisdiction to document the formation and governance principles of such type of entity. In the event that any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such
governmental official. 

Other Agreed Adjustments means any add-backs and adjustments (including pro forma
adjustments of the type in clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA), to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the type
reflected in any confidential information memorandum, lender presentations and other marketing materials in respect of the Initial Term Loans, in each case, which add-backs and adjustments shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, be limited to the
time periods or amounts in respect of which such add backs and adjustments were identified therein. 

Other Applicable
Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii). 

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such
recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or
sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp,
court or documentary Taxes or any intangible, recording, filing or other similar Taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or
perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, but not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment,
grant of a participation, designation of a different lending office or other transfer (other than an assignment or designation of a different lending office made pursuant to Section 2.19) or Excluded Taxes. 

Parent Borrower means (a) Evovyst and (b) upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by
Section 6.07(a), the Successor Borrower. 

Parent Company means Holdings and any other Person of which any
Borrower is an indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. 

Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement means the Pari Passu Intercreditor
Agreement dated as of the Existing Credit Agreement Closing Date, by and among (i) the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, (ii) after giving effect to the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement Joinder, the Administrative Agent and
(iii) the other parties thereto from time to time, and acknowledged by PQ, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement Joinder means the joinder agreement to the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, dated as
of the Closing Date, by and among, the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the Existing Credit Agreement Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent, and acknowledged by PQ. 

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c). 

-52- 

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.05(c). 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that
adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the legislation for the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

Patent means the following: (a) any and all patents and patent applications; (b) all inventions described
and claimed therein; (c) all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations in part thereof; (d) all income, royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect
thereto, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements thereof; (e) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof; and (f) all rights corresponding to any of the
foregoing.

Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other
than a Multiemployer Plan), that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, which the relevant Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA
Affiliates, maintains or contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise has any liability, contingent or otherwise.

Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E. 

Perfection Certificate Supplement means a supplement to the Perfection Certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit F. 

Perfection Requirements means the filing of appropriate financing statements with the
office of the Secretary of State or other appropriate office of the state of organization of each Loan Party granting a security interest under any Collateral Document governed by U.S. law, the filing of appropriate assignments or notices with the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, in each case in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any stock certificate or Material Debt Instrument
required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank, and the execution and delivery of control agreements contemplated by clause (A)(z) of the definition of
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, in each case, subject in all respects to the definitions of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and Excluded Assets.

Performance Chemicals Agreement means that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2021, by
and between PQ Group Holdings, Inc. and Sparta Aggregator L.P., a partnership established by Koch Minerals & Trading, LLC and Cerberus Capital Management, L.P., as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time in a manner not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders.

Performance
Chemicals Sale means collectively (a) the sale of PQs performance chemicals business pursuant to the Performance Chemicals Agreement, as a result of which PQ LLC, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries in the
Performance Chemicals Business (together with PQ LLC, collectively, the Performance Chemicals Companies), will be sold and (b) the Midco Transactions.

-53- 

Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date means the date on which the
Performance Chemicals Sale is consummated. 

Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date Refinancing means,
substantially concurrently with the consummation of the Performance Chemicals Sale, (a) the repayment of all outstanding Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection
therewith, (b) the redemption, discharge or deposit with the trustee for the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes of amounts sufficient to effect such redemption or discharge of all outstanding Indebtedness under the 2025 Senior Unsecured Note Indenture
and the release of the liens and security interests granted in connection therewith and (c) in each case, the payment of related call premiums, fees and expenses.

Performance Chemicals Companies has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Performance Chemicals
Sale. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition by any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by
purchase, merger, amalgamation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (but in any event
including any Investment in (x) any Person that results in such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of any Borrower, (y) any Restricted Subsidiary which serves to increase such Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiarys
respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (z) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing such Borrowers or its relevant Restricted Subsidiarys ownership interest in such joint venture).

Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception means, with respect to any Incremental Term Loans, Replacement
Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and any Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01 that is subject to minimum maturity requirements (including Section 6.01(q) or Section 6.01(w) or Section 6.01(z)) in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of $263,000,000 and 100% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, incurred on or after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date, may have (i), with respect to Incremental Term Loans and
any Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01(q) or Section 6.01(w) or Section 6.01(z), (A) a final maturity date that is earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of the incurrence thereof
and (B) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term Loans, (ii) with respect to Replacement Term Loans, (A) a final maturity date that is
earlier than the earlier of (x) the final maturity date of the Replaced Term Loans and (y) ninety-one (91) days after the then latest maturity date of any Term Loans that are not being refinanced or so replaced and (B) a Weighted
Average Life to Maturity shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Replaced Term Loans at the time of the relevant refinancing and (iii) with respect to Extended Term Loans, (A) a final maturity date that is earlier than
the then applicable Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of extension and(B) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans or any other Extended Term Loans extended
thereby.

Permitted Holders means (a) the Investors and (b) any Person with which one or more
Investors form a group (within the meaning of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) so long as, in the case of this clause (b), the relevant Investors beneficially own more than 50% of the relevant voting stock beneficially
owned by the group. 

Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02. 

-54- 

Permitted Senior Secured Debt means any Indebtedness permitted under
Section 6.01 that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations (which shall be deemed to include any ABL Facility secured on a Split Collateral Basis (including the ABL Facility as
of the Closing Date) subject to an ABL Intercreditor Agreement), including, in each case, any refinancing of such Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, limited liability partnership, Governmental Authority or any other entity.

Plan means any
employee pension benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) maintained by a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV
of ERISA, any of its ERISA Affiliates, other than any Multiemployer Plan.

Platform has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d).

PQ means PQ Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation. 

Prepayment means any prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase (including pursuant to any tender offer, offer to
purchase or repurchase, Dutch Auction or similar process or arrangement), retirement or other reduction (including upon cancellation after contribution, assignment or other transfer thereof to any Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) of
any Indebtedness (in the case of revolving credit Indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction of commitments); Prepay and Prepaid shall have correlative meanings.

Prepayment Asset Sale means any Disposition by any Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries made pursuant to,
Section 6.07(h), Section 6.07(n), Section 6.07(q), clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.07(r) (to the extent provided therein) Section 6.07(aa) and
Section 6.07(bb) (in the case of any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction, solely to the extent relating to the Disposition of assets, but excluding any portion that is in excess of the Fair Market Value of such assets on a stand-alone basis)
other than, in each case, any Disposition with respect to ABL Collateral so long as the ABL Facility is in effect.

Primary Obligor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition ofGuarantee.

Prime Rate means the rate set by Credit Suisse based upon various factors including Credit Suisses costs and
desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.

Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect means, as to any calculation of any
financial ratio or test (including the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Net Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, Consolidated Total Assets or any component definitions of any of
the foregoing), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.10 and shall give pro forma effect to any Specified Transactions (and if
applicable, any Limited Condition Transaction) and other pro forma adjustments pursuant to Section 1.10.

Promissory Note means a promissory note of any Borrower payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in
substantially the form of Exhibit G, evidencing the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of such Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Loans made by such Lender.

-55- 

Public Company Costs means any Charge associated with, or in
anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and Charges relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act (and, in each case, similar Requirements of Law under other jurisdictions), as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or
debt securities, directors or managers compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, any Charge relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance
and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees and listing fees.

Public Lender has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 

Qualified Capital Stock of any Person means any Capital
Stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Capital Stock.

Qualified Public Company mean (a) any
Person who has issued or sold its common Capital Stock in an underwritten primary public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in
accordance with the Securities Act (whether alone or in connection with a secondary public offering) so long as (i) its market capitalization was at the time of its initial public offering, or at any subsequent time of determination, is at
least $250,000,000 and (ii) no Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the
meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (but excluding (A) any employee benefit plan and/or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, (B) one or more Permitted Holders and (C) any
group directly or indirectly controlled by one or more Permitted Holders) owns of Capital Stock representing more than 40% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock such Person, and (b) any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such
Person.

Qualifying Bid has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of DutchAuction.

Qualifying Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
DutchAuction.

Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, all right,
title and interest (fee, leasehold or otherwise) of any Loan Party in and to real property (including, but not limited to, land, improvements and fixtures thereon).

Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower executed by(a) Holdings and the Parent Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Replacement Term Loans or the
Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 9.02(c).

Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(p). 

Refunding Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(ix). 

Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b)(iv). 

-56- 

Regulated Bank means a commercial bank with a consolidated
combined capital and surplus of at least $5,000,000,000 that is (a) a US depository institution the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (b) a corporation organized under section 25A of the U.S.
Federal Reserve Act of 1913, (c) a branch, agency or commercial lending company of a foreign bank operating pursuant to approval by and under the supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under 12 CFR part 211,
(d) a non-US branch of a foreign bank managed and controlled by a US branch referred to in clause (c) or (e) any other US or non-US depository institution or any branch, agency or similar office thereof supervised by a bank
regulatory authority in any jurisdiction.

Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board as from time to
time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Regulation T means
Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and
interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time
in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Related Funds means, with
respect to any Lender that is an Approved Fund, any other Approved Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor.

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective
directors, managers, officers, trustees, employees, partners, agents, advisors and other representatives of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal,
discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the Environment, including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater.

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto.

Replaced Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c). 

Replaced Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c). 

Replacement Notes means any Refinancing Indebtedness (whether issued in a public offering, Rule 144A under the
Securities Act or other private placement or bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing or otherwise) incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a).

Replacement Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c). 

-57- 

Replacement Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.02(c)(i). 

Replacement Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.02(c)(i). 

Reply Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
DutchAuction.

Reply Price has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
Dutch Auction.

Representative has the meaning assigned to such term in Section
9.13.

Repricing Transaction means any of the following, but solely to the extent effected and consummated
for the primary purpose of reducing the All-In Yield of the Initial Term Loans: (a) the Prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement of all or a portion of the Initial Term Loans substantially concurrently with the incurrence
by any Loan Party of any term loans (including any Replacement Term Loans) pari passu in right of payment with the existing Initial Term Loans being so Prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced in right of payment and secured by a
Lien on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing such Initial Term Loans, having an All-In Yield that is less than the effective All-In Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans so Prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted
or replaced, and (b) any amendment, waiver or other modification to this Agreement that would have the effect of reducing the All-In Yield of the Initial Term Loans in lieu of a transaction described in clause (a); provided, that
the determinations of All-In Yield for any Repricing Transaction shall be made in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and in any event consistent with the second
proviso to Section 2.22(a)(v) and shall disregard any fluctuation in any base or reference rate; provided, further, that in none of the events in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) shall
constitute a Repricing Transaction if effected or consummated in connection with a dividend recapitalization, a Change of Control or any Transformational Event. Any determination by the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower contemplated by
preceding clauses (a) and (b) shall be conclusive and binding on all Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Person with respect to such determination absent bad faith, gross negligence or willful
misconduct. 

Required Facility Lenders means, with respect to any Credit Facility of any Class, at any time,
Lenders having Loans or unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Loans and such unused commitments under such Credit Facility at such time.

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Loans or unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the
sum of the total Loans and such unused Commitments at such time.

Requirements of Law means, with respect
to any Person, collectively, the common law and all U.S. federal, state, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions,
decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not
having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK
Resolution Authority.

-58- 

Responsible Officer of any Person means the chief executive
officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president or the chief operating officer of such Person and any other individual or
similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, shall include any secretary or assistant secretary or any other
individual or similar official thereof with substantially equivalent responsibilities of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or responsible employee of the applicable Loan Party so
designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary
corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

Responsible Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is
required, the certification of a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial condition of the Parent Borrower as at the dates
indicated and its consolidated income and cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments.

Restricted Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(iv)(B). 

Restricted Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(b).

Restricted Debt Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(b). 

Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution on account of any shares of any class of the
Capital Stock of any Borrower, except a dividend payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock to the holders of such class; (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of any
shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of the Capital Stock of any Borrower
now or hereafter outstanding.

Restricted Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any subsidiary of such
Person that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless otherwise specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower.

Return Bid has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Dutch Auction.

Revolving Lender means a Lender with any Additional Revolving Commitment or anoutstanding Additional
Revolving Loan.

Revolving Loans means any Additional Revolving Loans and any revolving loans under any
other Credit Facility.

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a
subsidiary of S&P Global, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Sale and Lease-Back Transaction means the lease
of any property (whether real, personal or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, which any Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (a) has sold or transferred or is to sell or to transfer to any other Person (other than a
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and (b) intends to use for substantially the same purpose as the property which has been or is to be sold or transferred by such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary to any Person (other than a
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) in connection with such lease. 

-59- 

Sanctions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section
3.17(a).

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding
to any or all of its functions.

Second Amendment means the Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of
June 12, 2024 among the Borrowers, each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto.

Second
Amendment Effective Date means June 12, 2024. 

Secured Hedging Obligations means all Hedging
Obligations (other than any Excluded Swap Obligations) under each Hedge Agreement (whether such Hedge Agreement was entered into prior to, on or after the Closing Date) between Holdings, any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and a counterparty
that is or becomes an Administrative Agent, a Lender, an Arranger or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Arranger (or any other Person that is designated by the Parent Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent as a
Secured Hedging Obligations counterparty and who is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Parent Borrower as being a Secured Hedging Obligation for
purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its non-fiduciary agent under the applicable Loan Documents and(B) to agree to be bound by the
provisions of Article VIII, Section 9.03, Section 9.10, Section 9.11 and the Intercreditor Agreement (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) as if it were a Lender.

Secured Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt to
(b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with (a) all Banking Services Obligations and (b) all
Secured Hedging Obligations.

Secured Parties means (a) the Lenders, (b) the Administrative
Agent, (c) each counterparty to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Secured Hedging Obligations, (d) each provider of Banking Services to any Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Banking
Services Obligations, (e) the Arrangers and (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document.

Securities means any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of
interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments
commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing;
provided that Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement.

-60- 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and
regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Security Agreement means the Term Loan Pledge and
Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured
overnight financing rate).

SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising suchBorrowing.

SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than
pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate.

SPC has the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 9.05(e). 

Special Dividend has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 6.04(a)(xvii). 

Specified Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
Incremental Cap. 

Specified Lease Transactions means lease and lease-back and sale and lease-back
transactions consummated by any Loan Party and one or more governmental units in connection with arrangements pursuant to applicable state or local law by which a Loan Party obtains partial or full abatement of ad valorem taxes levied against the
subject property, including, without limitation, those transactions described on Schedule 1.01(c).

Specified
Transaction means (a) (i) any incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness (excluding any borrowings under any ABL Facility or Additional Revolving Facility incurred substantially concurrently with such Specified Transaction), and
(ii) any Prepayment, redemptions, repurchases and other retirements of any Indebtedness (in the case of any Additional Revolving Facility, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the commitments thereunder), (b) to the extent
applicable in determining the First Lien Leverage Ratio or the Secured Leverage Ratio, the incurrence of any Lien on Collateral, (c) any Permitted Acquisition and any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary,
(d) any Restricted Payment, (e) any Restricted Debt Payment, (f) any Disposition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of (i) all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line
of, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that results in such Restricted Subsidiary no longer being a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, or (iii) any asset
pursuant to Section 6.07(h) having a Fair Market Value greater than $65,000,000, (g) to the extent elected by the Parent Borrower to be excluded in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, any designation of operations or assets of
the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP, (h) solely for the purposes of determining the applicable amount of Cash and Cash Equivalents, any contribution of capital to (and the Net
Proceeds from the issuance of any Qualified Capital Stock by) the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, (i) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary
in compliance with this Agreement, and (j) any other transaction that by the terms of this Agreement requires a financial ratio to be calculated on Pro Forma Basis or after giving pro forma effect thereto. 

-61- 

Split Collateral Basis means, with respect to any ABL Facility,
the obligations thereunder are secured by ABL Collateral (or similar current assets) on a senior priority basis relative to the First Priority Secured Obligations and also secured by all other Collateral on a junior priority basis relative to the
First Priority Secured Obligations, in each case, as provided in an ABL Intercreditor Agreement.

Sponsor
means CCMP Capital Advisors, LP and any of its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or advised by any of them or any of their respective controlled Affiliates.

Subject Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.03(e).

Subject Loans means, as of any date of determination, any outstanding Term Loans subject to ratable prepayment requirements
in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(vi) on such date of determination. 

Subject Person has the meaning
assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Income. 

Subject Proceeds has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii). 

Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness
(other than Indebtedness among Holdings and/or its subsidiaries) of a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations.

subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association,
joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether
directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of
the other subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof; provided that in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interests in the nature of a qualifying
share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless otherwise specified, subsidiary shall mean any subsidiary of any Borrower.

Subsidiary Guarantor means (x) on the Closing Date, each Restricted Subsidiary of each Borrower (other than any
subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary or any subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary) and (y) thereafter, each subsidiary of each Borrower that guarantees the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including each
Restricted Subsidiary that is a Discretionary Guarantor), in each case, until such time as the relevant subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof.

Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a). 

Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement,
contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

-62- 

Tax Group has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 6.04(a)(vi). 

Taxes means any and all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties,
deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges in the nature of a tax imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Facility means any facility of any Class of Term Loans provided to or for the benefit of the Borrowers pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement. 

Term Lender means a Lender with a Commitment to make Term Loans or outstanding Term Loan
under any Term Facility. 

Term Loan means the Initial Term Loans, any Additional Term Loans and any term loan under any
other Credit Facility. 

Term SOFR means, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on
the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark
Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

(b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR
Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR
Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark
Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day; 

provided that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor then Term SOFR shall be
deemed to be the Floor. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA)
(or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

-63- 

Termination Date means the date that all (if any) Additional
Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts and Obligations payable under any Loan Document (other than (a) contingent indemnification obligations and
(b) Banking Services Obligations or Hedging Obligations that are not being terminated as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable counterparty have been made) have been paid in full. 

Test Period means, as of any date, subject to Section 1.10, the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal
Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered); it being understood and agreed that prior
to the first delivery of financial statements of Section 5.01(a), Test Period means the period of four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters in respect of which financial statements were delivered pursuant to
Section 4.01(c). 

Third Amendment
means the Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, among the Borrowers, each Guarantor, Citibank, N.A., as the Replacement Lender (as defined therein), and the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself and on behalf
of all Consenting Term Lenders (as defined therein, which such Consenting Term Lenders constitute the Required Lenders)).

Third
Amendment Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the ThirdAmendment.

Threshold Amount means $100,000,000. 

Total Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt to
(b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case for the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Trademark means the following: (a) all trademarks (including service marks), common law marks, trade names,
trade dress, domain names and logos, slogans and other indicia of origin under the laws of any jurisdiction in the world, and the registrations and applications for registration thereof and the goodwill of the business connected to the use of and
symbolized by the foregoing; (b) all renewals of the foregoing; (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages, claims and payments for past,
present and future infringements or dilutions thereof; (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements or dilutions of any of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving claims and demands for royalties owing;
and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 

Transaction Costs means (a) fees, premiums,
penalties, breakage costs, interest expense to satisfy and discharge any securities with a redemption date after the Closing Date, expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by
Holdings, any Borrower and its subsidiaries or any Parent Company of any Borrower in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby and (b) any payments to be made after the Closing Date from the proceeds of the
Loans, Indebtedness under the ABL Credit Agreement, cash on hand of Holdings, any Borrower and its subsidiaries or any Parent Company of any Borrower. 

Transactions means, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Loan
Documents to which they are a party and the Borrowing of Loans hereunder, (b) the Closing Date Refinancing (c) the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Closing Date ABL Amendment and the Loan Documents (as defined in
the Closing Date ABL Amendment) to which they are a party, and (d) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 

-64- 

Transformational Event means any acquisition or investment by any
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is (a) not permitted by the terms of this Agreement immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or investment, (b) if permitted by the terms of this Agreement immediately prior to
the consummation of such acquisition or investment, would not provide the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries with adequate flexibility under this Agreement for the continuation and/or expansion of their combined operations following such
consummation, as determined by such Borrower acting in good faith, or (c) any acquisition or investment involving aggregate consideration in excess of the greater of $263,000,000 and 100% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 

Treasury Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(ix). 

Treasury Regulations means the U.S. federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code. 

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans
comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 

UBS has the meaning
assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time
to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the creation or perfection of security interests. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower designated by the Parent Borrower as
an Unrestricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 5.10 or after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.10. 

U.S. means the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f). 

-65- 

USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107- 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by
dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in
respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that
the effects of any prepayments made on such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 

Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary of any Person means a subsidiary of such Person, 100% of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned
by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means,
(a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion
powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability
of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or
instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

2025 Senior Unsecured Notes Indenture means the Indenture for the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes, dated as of
December 11, 2017, among PQ, the guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 

2025
Senior Unsecured Note Documents means the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes Indenture under which the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes are issued and all other instruments, agreements and other documents evidencing the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes or
providing for any Guarantee or other right in respect thereof. 

2025 Senior Unsecured Notes means the senior unsecured
notes due 2025 in the aggregate principal amount of $300,000,000, and the Guarantees thereof, in each case together with any amendment, modification, supplement, restatement, amendment and restatement, extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or
replacement thereof to the extent permitted or not restricted by this Agreement. 

Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and
Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Loan) or by Type (e.g., a SOFR Rate Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a SOFR Rate Term
Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a SOFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a SOFR Rate Term Borrowing).

Section 1.03. Terms Generally. 

-66- 

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of
the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. 

(b)
The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word
shall. 

(c) Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other
document herein or in any Loan Document (or any Loan Document (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement)) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified or extended, replaced or refinanced (subject to any restrictions or qualifications on such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, supplements or modifications or extensions, replacements or
refinancings set forth herein), (ii) any reference to any law in any Loan Document shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law, (iii) any reference herein
or in any Loan Document to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and permitted assigns, (iv) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, when used in
any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (v) all references herein or in any Loan Document to Articles, Sections, clauses, paragraphs, Exhibits and
Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, clauses and paragraphs of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, such Loan Document, (vi) in the computation of periods of time in any Loan Document from a specified date to a later
specified date, the word from means from and including, the words to and until mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including and (vii) the
words asset and property, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including Cash, securities, accounts
and contract rights. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything else provided herein or in any other Loan Document, any interest, fee or principal
payments on any Indebtedness due and payable (or paid) as of the last Business Day of a calendar month, calendar quarter or calendar year, as applicable, shall be deemed to have been due and payable (or paid) as of the end of the respective fiscal
month, Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, ended closest to such calendar period for purposes of all calculations of Consolidated Secured Debt, Consolidated First Lien Debt, Consolidated Total Debt and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
hereunder. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any Default or Event of Default, other than
any Event of Default which cannot be waived without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, shall be deemed not to be continuing or to exist if the events, actions, inactions or conditions
that gave rise to such Default or Event of Default have been or are deemed to have been remedied or cured (including by payment, delivering notice or taking any action (including if paid, delivered or taken after the specified time for such action
or after the expiration of any grace or cure periods therefor), omitting to take any action or unwinding or modifying any prior action or event to the extent necessary for such action or event to be or have been permitted) or have ceased to exist
and the Parent Borrower would otherwise have been in compliance with this Agreement but for such Default or Event of Default and the consequences thereof (any such Default or Event of Default, a Subject Default) and upon any
Subject Default having been cured, remedied or waived or deemed to no longer to exist or be continuing or to have been remedied or cured, each other Default or Event of Default that may have resulted from the making or deemed making of any
representation 

-67- 

or warranty, the taking of any action or the consummation of any transaction due to the continuation or
existence of the Subject Default shall automatically be deemed to have been cured and no longer continuing; provided, that the foregoing shall not be applicable with respect to any Default or Event of Default if a responsible
officer of the Parent Borrower had actual knowledge that such events, actions, inactions or conditions constituted a Default or Event of Default and knowingly failed to give timely notice to the Administrative Agent of such Default or Event of
Default required herein. 

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP. 

(a) All financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to
time and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature that are used in calculating the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or
Consolidated Total Assets shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise provided in the definition of GAAP); provided, that (i) if the Parent Borrower notifies
the Administrative Agent that the Parent Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date of delivery of the financial statements described in Section 3.04(a) in GAAP
or in the application thereof (including the conversion to IFRS as described below) on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision
hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before
such change becomes or became effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith, and (ii) if such an amendment is requested by the Parent Borrower or the Required Lenders, then the Parent
Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to enter into an amendment of the relevant affected provisions (without the payment of any amendment or similar fee to the Lenders) to preserve the original intent thereof in light
of such change in GAAP or the application thereof. All terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any
election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or
effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Parent Borrower or any subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting
Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such
Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. If the Parent Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Parent Borrower (or its applicable Parent Company) is required to report under IFRS or has
elected to do so through an early adoption policy, thereafter GAAP shall mean international financial reporting standards pursuant to IFRS (provided that after such conversion, the Parent Borrower cannot elect to report
under GAAP). 

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, solely for purposes of determining the amount any Capital Lease,
Consolidated Interest Expense, Consolidated Total Debt and Indebtedness, GAAP shall exclude the accounting treatment requiring all leases to be reflected as liabilities on the balance sheet and capitalized, and only those leases that would
constitute Capital Leases in conformity with GAAP prior to the implementation of such accounting treatment shall be considered Capital Leases, and all calculations and determinations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in a
manner consistent therewith. 

-68- 

Section 1.05. Effectuation of Transactions. Each of the representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement (and all corresponding definitions) is made after giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance. Subject to the definitions of Interest Payment Date and Interest Period, when
payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest
Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 

Section 1.07. Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City
time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

Section 1.08. Currency Generally. 

(a) Subject to clause (b) of this Section 1.08, for purposes of any determination hereunder (other than the calculation
of compliance with any financial ratio) with respect to any Specified Transaction, any other transaction or utilization or other measurement or calculation of any transaction or action in a currency other than Dollars, (i) the Dollar equivalent
amount of such Specified Transaction, any other transaction or utilization or other measurement or calculation of any transaction or action shall be calculated based on a currency exchange rate determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith in
effect on the date of such applicable transaction, utilization, measurement or calculation (or such other date as the Parent Borrower determines in good faith is the appropriate calculation date, including, at the election of the Parent Borrower,
the applicable LCT Test Date for a Limited Condition Transaction); provided, that in the case of the incurrence of Indebtedness under any revolving credit or delayed draw facility, the Parent Borrower may instead elect to use the currency
exchange rate in effect on the date such indebtedness was first committed or first incurred (whichever yields the lower Dollar equivalent); provided that if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to
refinance or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency
exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness (and, if
applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including tender
premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder
and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the rate of currency
exchange occurring after the time of any Specified Transaction so long as such Specified Transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth in clause (i). For purposes of the
calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the applicable currency
exchange rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation
effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar equivalent amount of such
Indebtedness. 

-69- 

(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of
construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify with the Parent Borrowers consent to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market convention or practice relating to such change in
currency. 

Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any
other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Loans, Replacement Term Loans, Loans in connection with any Replacement
Revolving Facility, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Loans or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by
such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds,
in Cash or any other similar requirement. 

Section 1.10. Certain Conditions, Calculations and Tests. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any intended acquisition, Investment (other than Investments in the Parent
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), Restricted Payment and/or Restricted Debt Payment (each, taken together with any related actions and transactions (including, in the case of any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facilities), the
incurrence, repayment and other intended uses of proceeds), a Limited Condition Transaction), to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require satisfaction of, or compliance with, any condition, test or requirement, in order
to effect, incur or consummate such Limited Condition Transaction (including (w) compliance with any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 2.22, any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio,
any Total Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and/or the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing)), (x) the making or accuracy of any representations
and warranties, (y) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) and/or (z) any other condition, test or requirement), at the election of the Parent Borrower (a LCT Election), the
date of determination of whether any relevant conditions, tests and requirements are satisfied or complied with shall be made on, and shall be deemed to be, the date (the LCT Test Date) that the definitive agreements for such
Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (or, if applicable, delivery of notice of redemption, Prepayment, declaration of dividend or similar event), giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions
and transactions) pursuant to this Section 1.10. If the Parent Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction and such Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions) would be
permitted on the LCT Test Date, (i) each such condition, test and requirement shall be deemed satisfied and complied with for all purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction and (ii) any change in status of any such condition, test and
requirement between the LCT Test Date and the taking of the relevant actions or consummation of the relevant transactions such that any applicable financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions would be exceeded, breached
or otherwise no longer complied with or satisfied for any reason (including due to fluctuations in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction) shall be disregarded such that
all financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions shall continue to be deemed complied with and satisfied for all purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction, all applicable transactions and actions will permitted and
no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist or to have occurred or resulted from such change in status or Limited Condition Transaction; provided, that (A) if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal quarters
shall have become available subsequent to the LCT Test Date, the Parent Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to re-determine all financial ratios or tests, baskets, conditions, 

-70- 

requirements or provisions on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of
redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date for purposes of such ratios, tests or baskets, and (B) except as contemplated in the foregoing clause (A), compliance with such financial ratios or tests,
baskets, conditions, requirements or provisions shall not be determined or tested at any time for purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction after the applicable LCT Test Date. If the Parent Borrower has made an LCT Election, then in connection
with any subsequent calculation of any financial ratios or tests (including any Incurrence-Based Baskets), thresholds and availability (including under any Fixed Basket) under this Agreement with respect to any unrelated transactions or actions on
or following the applicable LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the definitive agreement (or, if applicable, notice, declaration or similar event) for such Limited
Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any financial ratios or tests, thresholds and availability shall be determined assuming such Limited Condition Transaction (including any
related actions and transactions) had been consummated. 

(b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change,
transaction or event or compliance with any term that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Sections 2.22 and 2.23, any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total
Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and/or the amount or percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding
clause (k) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income, which shall be disregarded)), (i) Specified Transactions that have been made during the applicable Test Period (or, except as provided in
Section 1.10(c), subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made) and any Limited Condition Transaction (including any related actions and transactions)
shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and be given pro forma effect assuming that all such Specified Transactions (including any related actions and transactions) and Limited Condition Transactions had occurred on the first day of the
applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Total Debt, on the last date of the applicable Test Period) in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower and include, for the avoidance of doubt,
the amount of run-rate cost savings (including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies projected by the Parent Borrower in good faith in a manner
consistent with, and without duplication of, clause (b)(xi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and given pro forma effect as though such run-rate cost savings
(including sourcing and supply chain savings), operating expense reductions, operating, revenue and productivity improvements and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period for the entirety of such period), and any such adjustments
shall be included in the initial pro forma calculations of such financial ratios or tests and during any subsequent Test Period in a manner consistent with, and without duplication of, clause (b)(xi) of the definition of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, and (ii) any borrowings under any revolving facility made subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period (regardless of whether incurred in
connection with any Specified Transaction) shall be disregarded and excluded from such pro forma calculation. 

(c) The calculation of any
financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Sections 2.22 and 2.23, any First Lien Leverage Ratio, any Secured Leverage Ratio, any Total Leverage Ratio, any Net Interest Coverage Ratio and/or the amount or percentage of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions of the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding clause (k) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income, which
shall be disregarded)) shall be based on the most recently ended Test Period for which internal financial statements are available (as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower); provided, that, for purposes of the 

-71- 

definition of Applicable Rate, (i) to the extent any Specified Transactions were made
subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period, such Specified Transactions shall not be given pro forma effect or be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, and (ii) such financial ratio or test shall be based on the most recently ended
Test Period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable. 

(d)
The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Parent Borrower dated such date
prepared in accordance with GAAP. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness attributable to any period subsequent to
such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated for as if the rate in effect on the date of the event for which the calculation is made had been the applicable
rate for the entire period (taking into account any hedging obligations applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capital Lease obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the
Parent Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease obligation in accordance with GAAP. Any calculation of the Net Interest Coverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis will be calculated using an assumed interest rate in determining
Consolidated Interest Expense based on the indicative interest margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, as reasonably determined by the Parent
Borrower in good faith. 

(e) The increase in amounts secured by Liens by virtue of accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value,
the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies will
not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of Section 6.02. 

(f) For purposes of determining compliance at any
time with the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction
or other transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one category (or subcategory within any category) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets, or other provisions of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of Article
VI (other than Section 6.01(a) and (x)), any component (or subcomponent) in the definition of Incremental Cap or any other provision of this Agreement, the Parent Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, at any time,
classify or reclassify (on one or more occasions) and/or divide or re-divide (on one or more occasions) such transaction or item (or portion thereof) among one or more such categories of exceptions, thresholds, baskets or provisions, as elected by
the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion (other than the Initial Term Loans, the Revolving Loans (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) outstanding on the Closing Date and any refinancing indebtedness in respect thereof which may not
be reclassified). It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other
transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category (or subcategory) of exceptions, thresholds, baskets or provisions permitting such Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition and/or
Affiliate transaction under Article VI (other than Sections 6.01(a), (x) and (z)), any component (or subcomponent) in the definition of Incremental Cap or any other provision of this Agreement, but may
instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof. Upon delivery of financial statements following any initial classification and division (or any subsequent reclassification and re-division), if any applicable financial ratios for any
Incurrence-Based Baskets would then be satisfied for the incurrence of such Indebtedness 

-72- 

(including any Incremental Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Debt Payment,
Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction, any amount thereof under any Fixed Basket shall automatically be deemed reclassified and re-divided as incurred under any available Incurrence-Based Baskets to the extent not previously elected by
the Parent Borrower and will be deemed to have been incurred, issued, made or taken first, to the extent available, pursuant to any available Incurrence-Based Baskets as set forth above without utilization of any Fixed Basket. 

(g) With respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into or consummated (including any Indebtedness (including any Incremental
Facility and Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction or other transaction), in reliance on a combination of Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, it is
understood and agreed that (i) the Incurrence-Based Baskets shall first be calculated without giving effect to any Fixed Baskets being relied upon for any portion of such incurrence or transactions (i.e., the portion of such incurrence or
transaction in reliance on all Fixed Baskets shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio applicable to the Incurrence-Based Baskets, but full pro forma effect shall otherwise be given thereto and to all other applicable and
related transactions (including, in the case of Indebtedness, the intended use of the aggregate proceeds of Indebtedness being incurred in reliance on a combination of Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets, but without netting the
Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness) and all other permitted pro forma adjustments (except that the incurrence of any borrowings under any revolving credit facility shall be disregarded as set forth in Section 1.10(b))) and
(ii) thereafter, the incurrence of the portion of such amounts or other applicable transaction to be entered into in reliance on any Fixed Baskets shall be calculated (and may subsequently be reclassified into Incurrence-Based Baskets in
accordance with Section 1.10(f)). For example, in calculating the maximum amount of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based Baskets in Section 6.01 in connection with an acquisition,
only the portion of such Indebtedness intended to be incurred under Incurrence-Based Baskets shall be included in the calculation of financial ratios (and the portion of such Indebtedness intended to be incurred under Fixed Baskets shall be deemed
to not have been incurred in calculating such financial ratios), but pro forma effect shall be given to the use of proceeds from the entire amount of Indebtedness intended to be incurred under both the Fixed Baskets and Incurrence-Based
Baskets, the consummation of the acquisitions and any related repayments of Indebtedness. 

Section 1.11. Rounding. Any
financial ratios required to be maintained by the Parent Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component
by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up for five). 

Section 1.12. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under
Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed
to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital
Stock at such time. 

Section 1.13. Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not
have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to
in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or 

-73- 

characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement)
will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the
effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions unrelated to this Agreement that affect the calculation of ABR, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or
services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person
or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation
of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

ARTICLE II 

THE CREDITS 

Section 2.01.
Commitments. 

(a) 

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Initial Term Lender severally, and not jointly, made Initial
Term Loans to the Borrowers on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term Loan Commitment. 

(ii) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Second Amendment, the Second Amendment Term Lenders (as defined in
the Second Amendment) agree, severally and not jointly, to make the Second Amendment Term Loans (each as defined in the Second Amendment) to the Borrowers on the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender and each Additional Lender with an Additional Term Commitment for a
given Class of Incremental Term Loans severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Additional Term Loans of such Class to the Borrowers, which Additional Term Loans shall not exceed for any such Lender or Additional Lender at the time of any
incurrence thereof, the Additional Term Commitment of such Lender or Additional Lender for such Class on the date of borrowing of such Additional Term Loans. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of such Additional Term Loans may not be reborrowed.

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 

(a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance
with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.01 and Section 2.14, each
Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or SOFR Loans as the Parent Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to
make such Loan; provided that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) such SOFR Loan 

-74- 

shall be deemed to have been made and held by such Lender, and the obligation of the Borrowers to repay such
SOFR Loan shall nevertheless be to such Lender for the account of such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender and (iii) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize increased costs to the
Borrowers resulting therefrom (which obligation of such Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it otherwise
determines would be disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.15 shall apply); provided further that any such domestic or
foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender shall not be entitled to any greater indemnification under Section 2.17 with respect to such SOFR Loan than that to which the applicable Lender was entitled on the date on which such Loan was
made (except in connection with any indemnification entitlement arising as a result of a Change in Law after the date on which such Loan was made). 

(c) Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more
than a total of ten (10) different Interest Periods in effect for SOFR Borrowings at any time outstanding (or such greater number of different Interest Periods as the Administrative Agent may agree from time to time). 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it be entitled to, request, or to elect to
convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date applicable to such Loans. 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. Each Borrowing in respect of the Term Facility, each Borrowing in respect of any Additional
Revolving Facility, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of SOFR Loans shall be made upon irrevocable notice by the relevant Borrower to the Administrative Agent (provided that
notices in respect of Term Loan Borrowings and/or Additional Revolving Loan Borrowing to be made in connection with any permitted acquisition, investment or irrevocable repayment or redemption of Indebtedness may be conditioned on the closing of
such acquisition, investment or repayment or redemption of Indebtedness). Each such notice must be in writing or by telephone (and promptly confirmed in writing) and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other
electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff)) not later than (i) 2:00 p.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of SOFR
Loans (or two (2) Business Days in the case of any Borrowing of SOFR Loans to be made on the Closing Date) or (ii) 12:00 p.m. (Noon) on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as shall be
acceptable to the Administrative Agent); provided, however, that if a Borrower wishes to request SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of other than one (1), three (3) or six (6) months in duration as provided in the
definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from such Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. four (4) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of
such Borrowing, conversion or continuation (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine
whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to them and ascertainable by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Interest Periods shorter than twelve (12) months, subject to the Administrative Agents consent and (B) not
later than 12:00 p.m. (Noon) three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify such Borrower whether or not the requested Interest
Period can be accommodated by the Administrative Agent and the appropriate Lenders. Each written notice (or confirmation of telephonic notice) with respect to a Borrowing by the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be delivered
to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Borrowing Request or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the
Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

-75- 

(a) the Class of such Borrowing; 

(b) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing; 

(c) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(d) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; 

(e) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the
definition of the term Interest Period; and 

(f) the location and number of the relevant Borrowers account or any other
designated account(s) to which funds are to be disbursed (the Funding Account). 

If no election as to the Type of
Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Borrowing, then the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one
(1) months duration. The Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of the Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing (x) in the case of any ABR Borrowing, on the same Business Day
of receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 or (y) in the case of any SOFR Borrowing, no later than one (1) U.S. Government Securities Business Day following receipt of a Borrowing Request in
accordance with this Section 2.03. 

Section 2.04. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.05. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.06. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. 

(a) Each Lender shall make each Loan of any Class to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately
available funds by 2:00 p.m. to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders of such Class in an amount equal to such Lenders respective Applicable Percentage for such Class.
The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrowers by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the Funding Account or as otherwise directed by the Parent Borrower. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not
make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this
Section 2.07 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if any Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative
Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand (without duplication) such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and 

-76- 

including the date such amount is made available to the Borrowers to but excluding the date of payment to
the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (or, with respect to any amount denominated in Euros, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Euros, on an amount
approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by the Administrative Agent in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency) and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to Loans comprising such Borrowing at such time. If such Lender pays such amount to the
Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing and each Borrowers obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.07(b)
shall cease. If the Borrowers pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, the amount so paid shall constitute a repayment of such Borrowing by such amount. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its
Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers or any other Loan Party may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 

Section 2.08. Type; Interest Elections. 

(a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, shall
have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Parent Borrower may elect to convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, may
elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.08. The Parent Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated
ratably among the Lenders for the relevant Class based upon their Applicable Percentages for such Class and the Loans of such Class comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.08, the Parent Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election
either in writing (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff)) or by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Parent Borrower
were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, fax or
other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tiff) to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower. 

(c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect
to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting
Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a
Business Day; 

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; and 

-77- 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to
be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

If any such Interest Election Request requests a SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to have
selected an Interest Period of one (1) months duration. 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the
Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the Parent Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the
Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrowing shall be converted at the end of such Interest Period to a SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of one (1) month. Notwithstanding any
contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default exists and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Parent Borrower, then, so long as such Event of Default exists (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be
converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the then-current Interest Period applicable thereto. 

Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. Unless previously terminated, the Initial Term Loan Commitments shall
automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date. 

Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence
of Debt. 

(a) The Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to repay Initial Term Loans, in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent for the
account of each Term Lender (i) commencing October 31, 2024, on the last Business Day of each January, April, July and October prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date (each such date being referred to as a Loan Installment
Date), in each case in an amount equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the Initial Term Loans (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with
Section 2.11 and repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(h) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a)), and (ii) on the Initial Term
Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the Initial Term Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to, but excluding, the date
of such payment. 

(b) The Borrowers hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Additional
Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of each Additional Revolving Loan of such Additional Lender on the Maturity Date applicable thereto. 

(c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to
such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts (which shall be part of the Register) in which it shall record (i) the amount of each
Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and
(iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. 

-78- 

(e) The entries made in the accounts maintained in the Register shall be prima facie
evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error); provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain accounts pursuant to Sections 2.10(c) and 2.10(d)
or any manifest error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided, further, that in the event of any inconsistency between the
Register and any Lenders records, the Register shall govern. 

(f) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a
Promissory Note. In such event, the applicable Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Promissory Note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns; it being understood and agreed that such Lender (and/or its applicable
assign) shall be required to return such Promissory Note to the Parent Borrower in accordance with Section 9.05(b)(iii) and upon the occurrence of the Termination Date (or as promptly thereafter as practicable). 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. 

(a) Optional Prepayments. 

(i) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.11, the Borrowers shall have
the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing of Term Loans of one or more Classes (such Class or Classes to be selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion) in whole or in part without premium or penalty except as
provided in Sections 2.12(c) and 2.16. Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 

(ii) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.11, the Borrowers shall have
the right at any time and from time to time to prepay (in accordance with Section 2.18(a)) any Borrowing of Additional Revolving Loans of any Class, in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject to
Section 2.16); provided that after the establishment of any Additional Revolving Facility, any such prepayment of any Borrowing of Additional Revolving Loans of any Class shall be subject to the provisions set forth in
Section 2.22, 2.23 and/or 9.02, as applicable. Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 

(iii) The Parent Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (promptly confirmed in writing) of any prepayment
under this Section 2.11(a) (A) in the case of a prepayment of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment or (B) in the case of a prepayment
of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m. (Noon) on the day of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable (except as set forth in the proviso to this sentence) and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each
Borrowing or portion or each relevant Class to be prepaid; provided that a notice of prepayment delivered by the Parent Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice
may be revoked by the Parent Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to any Borrowing, the Administrative
Agent shall advise the relevant Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount at least equal to the amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type and 

-79- 

Class as provided in Section 2.02(c), or such lesser amount that is then
outstanding with respect to such Borrowing being repaid. Each prepayment of Term Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.11(a) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of the Term Loans of
such Class (or one or more of such other facility, class or tranche of Term Loans, as determined by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion) in the manner specified by the Parent Borrower or, if not so specified on or prior to the date of such
optional prepayment, in direct order of maturity. 

(b) Mandatory Prepayments. 

(i) [reserved]. 

(ii) No later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following the receipt of Net Proceeds in respect of any Prepayment Asset
Sale or Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds (in each case, excluding Net Proceeds attributable to (x) the Performance Chemicals Sale or (y) ABL Priority Collateral), in each case, in excess of $40,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal
Year (in each case, the amount of such excess, the Subject Proceeds; provided that, any Prepayment Asset Sale or Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds the Net Proceeds of which are less than $30,000,000 with respect to any
single event or transaction (or series of related events or transactions) shall not be subject to this Section 2.11(b)(ii)), the Parent Borrower shall apply an amount equal to the Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage of such Subject Proceeds
to prepay the outstanding principal amount of Subject Loans in accordance with clause (vi) below; provided, that if, prior to the date any such prepayment is required to be made, the Parent Borrower notifies the Administrative
Agent of its intention to reinvest the Subject Proceeds in assets used or useful in the business (other than Cash or Cash Equivalents) of the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, then so long as no Event of Default then exists, the Parent
Borrower shall not be required to make a mandatory prepayment under this clause (ii) in respect of the Subject Proceeds to the extent (A) the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within fifteen (15) months following receipt
thereof or (B) the Parent Borrower or any of its subsidiaries has committed to so reinvest the Subject Proceeds during such 15-month period and the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within six (6) months after the expiration of such
15-month period; provided, however, that if the Subject Proceeds have not been so reinvested prior to the expiration of the applicable period, the Parent Borrower shall promptly prepay the outstanding principal amount of Subject Loans
with the Subject Proceeds not so reinvested as set forth above (without regard to the immediately preceding proviso); provided, further, that (x) if, at the time that any such prepayment would be required hereunder, the Parent
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is required to Prepay (or offer to repay or repurchase) any Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of the
documentation governing such Indebtedness (such Indebtedness required to be so Prepaid, Other Applicable Indebtedness), then the relevant Person may apply the Subject Proceeds on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the
Subject Loans and to the Prepay of the Other Applicable Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans and Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted amount if such Other Applicable
Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount)); provided, further, that the portion of the Subject Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of the Subject Proceeds required to be
allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of the Subject Proceeds shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof, and (y) to the extent the holders
of the Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Other Applicable Indebtedness Prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the
Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof. 

-80- 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Net Proceeds of any
Disposition of any ABL Collateral shall not be required to be applied to the prepayment of the Initial Term Loans hereunder. 

(iii) In the event that a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries receives Net Proceeds from the issuance or incurrence
of Indebtedness by such Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than with respect to Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, except to the extent the relevant Indebtedness constitutes (A) Replacement Term Loans,
Replacement Revolving Facility or Replacement Notes incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class or Classes of Term Loans (as determined by such Borrower) in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c)), or
(B) Incremental Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class or Classes of Term Loans to the extent required by the terms thereof to prepay or offer to prepay such Term Loans and such Incremental
Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt do not constitute utilization of the Incremental Cap pursuant to Section 2.22), such Borrower shall, promptly upon (and in any event not later than the next succeeding Business Day) the receipt of
such Net Proceeds by such Borrower or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary, apply an amount equal to 100% of such Net Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Class or Classes of Term Loans in accordance with clause
(vi) below. 

(iv) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.11(b) to the contrary, 

(A) the Borrowers shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to
Section 2.11(b)(ii) above to the extent that the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale is consummated by any Foreign Subsidiary, the relevant Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds are received by any Foreign Subsidiary, as the case may be, for so
long as the repatriation to the Borrowers of any such amount would be prohibited under any Requirement of Law or conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Foreign Subsidiarys directors, or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result
in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Foreign Subsidiary (it being agreed that, solely during the period within one (1) year following the
date such prepayments are required to be made, the Borrowers shall, and shall cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to, promptly use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions required by applicable Requirements of Law to permit such
repatriation) and if after taking such actions, the affected Subject Proceeds is permitted under the applicable Requirement of Law and, to the extent applicable, would no longer conflict with the fiduciary duties of such director, or result in, or
could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for the Persons described above within one (1) year following the date such prepayments are required to be made, the relevant Foreign Subsidiary will
promptly repatriate the relevant Subject Proceeds and the repatriated Subject Proceeds will be promptly (and in any event not later than two (2) Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against
as a result thereof) to the repayment of the Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (iv)(A)) or the Parent Borrower or another
subsidiary may, at its option, apply to such repayment an equivalent amount with the Foreign Subsidiary not repatriating the actual Subject Proceeds; and 

(B) if the Parent Borrower determines in good faith that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) to a Borrower of any amounts
required to mandatorily prepay 

-81- 

the Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) above
would result in any Parent Company, Holdings, a Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurring material Tax liabilities (including any material withholding Tax) or material adverse Tax consequences (such amount, a Restricted
Amount), as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower, the amount a Borrower shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) above, as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount until such
time as the Restricted Amount may be repatriated (or otherwise distributed) to a Borrower without the incurrence of such material Tax liability or material adverse Tax consequences (each, as determined in good faith by the Parent Borrower);
provided, that to the extent that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) of any Subject Proceeds from the relevant Foreign Subsidiary would no longer have a material Tax liability or material adverse Tax consequences within one
(1) year following the date such prepayments are required to be made, an amount equal to the Subject Proceeds not previously applied pursuant to preceding clause (B), shall be promptly applied to the repayment of the Initial Term Loans
and Additional Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) as otherwise required above (without regard to this clause (iv)(B)); 

(v) Each Lender may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent at or prior to the time and in the manner specified by the
Administrative Agent, prior to any prepayment of Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans required to be made by the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.11(b), to decline all (but not a portion) of its Applicable Percentage of such
prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds); provided that (A) to the extent that any such prepayment is declined, the remaining amount thereof may be retained by the Borrowers and (B) for the
avoidance of doubt, no Lender may reject any prepayment made under Section 2.11(b)(iii) above to the extent that such prepayment is made with Indebtedness described in clauses (A) or (B) of Section 2.11(b)(iii) above. If
any Lender fails to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent of its election to decline receipt of its Applicable Percentage of any mandatory prepayment within the time frame specified by the Administrative Agent, such failure will be deemed to
constitute an acceptance of such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans. 

(vi) Except as may otherwise be set forth in any amendment to this Agreement in connection with any Additional Term Loan,
(A) each prepayment of Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) shall be applied ratably to each Class of Term Loans (based upon the then outstanding principal amounts of the respective
Classes of Term Loans) (provided that any prepayment of Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans constituting Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans pursuant to
Section 6.01(p) or Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) shall be applied solely to each applicable Class of refinanced
or replaced Term Loans), (B) with respect to each Class of Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans, all accepted prepayments under Section 2.11(b)(ii) or (iii) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled
installments of principal due in respect of the Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans as directed by the Parent Borrower (or, in the absence of direction from the Parent Borrower, to the remaining scheduled amortization payments in respect of
the Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans in direct order of maturity), and (C) each such prepayment shall be paid to the Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the applicable Class. The amount of such
mandatory prepayments shall be applied on a pro rata basis to the then outstanding Initial Term Loans and other Term Loans being prepaid irrespective of whether such outstanding Loans are ABR Loans or SOFR Loans; provided that the
amount thereof shall be 

-82- 

applied first to ABR Loans to the full extent thereof before application to the SOFR Loans
in a manner that minimizes the amount of any payments required to be made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.16. Any prepayment of Initial Term Loans made on or prior to the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date
pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iii) as part of a Repricing Transaction shall be accompanied by the fee set forth in Section 2.12(c). 

(vii) [Reserved]. 

(viii) At the time of each prepayment required under Section 2.11(b)(ii) or (iii), the Parent Borrower shall
deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the amount of such prepayment. Each such certificate shall specify the Borrowings being
prepaid and the principal amount of each Borrowing (or portion thereof) to be prepaid. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest as required by Section 2.13. All prepayments of Borrowings under Section 2.11(b)
shall be subject to Section 2.16 and, in the case of prepayments under clause (iii) above as part of a Repricing Transaction shall be subject to Section 2.12(c), but shall otherwise be without premium or penalty. 

(ix) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is intended that the Loans will not be treated as applicable
high yield discount obligations (AHYDO) within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code and the provisions contained herein shall be construed so that the Loans are not treated as AHYDO. Accordingly, starting on the
fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the end of each accrual period (as defined in Section 1272(a)(5)) thereafter, the Parent Borrower shall pay such amounts of accrued and unpaid interest or original issue discount (as
determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) on the Loans as necessary to ensure that the Loans are not treated as having significant original issue discount within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code. The computations
and determinations made by the Parent Borrower under this provision shall be binding upon each Lender. 

Section 2.12. Fees.

(a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the fees in the amounts and at the times separately
agreed upon by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing. 

(b) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due,
in Dollars and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Revolving Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances except as
otherwise provided in the Engagement Letter or Fee Letters, as applicable. 

(c) In the event that, on or prior to the date that is six
(6) months after the
SecondThird Amendment Effective Date, a Borrower (x) prepays, repays, refinances, substitutes or replaces any Initial Term Loans in connection with a Repricing Transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iii) that constitutes a Repricing Transaction), or (y) effects any amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent under, this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Transaction (it being
understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that prepayments as a result of assignments made to Affiliated Lenders pursuant to Section 9.05(g) shall not be subject to this Section 2.11(c)), such Borrower shall pay to the
Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Initial Term Lenders, (I) in the case of clause (x), a premium of 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced,
substituted or replaced and (II) in the case of clause (y), a fee equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans 

-83- 

that are the subject of such Repricing Transaction outstanding immediately prior to such amendment. If, on
or prior to the date that is six (6) months after the
SecondThird Amendment Effective Date, all or any portion of the Initial Term Loans held by any Term Lender are prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) as a
result of, or in connection with, such Term Lender not agreeing or otherwise consenting to any waiver, consent, modification or amendment referred to in clause (y) above (or otherwise in connection with a Repricing Transaction), such
prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement will be made at 101% of the principal amount so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced. All such amounts shall be due and payable on the date of effectiveness of such
Repricing Transaction. 

(d) Unless otherwise indicated herein, all computations of fees shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year
and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of a fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Section 2.13. Interest. 

(a) The Term Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 

(b) The Term Loans comprising each SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus
the Applicable Rate. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 2.21, if any principal of or interest on any Initial Term Loan or
Additional Loan or any fee payable by a Borrower hereunder is not, in each case, paid or reimbursed when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, the relevant overdue amount shall bear interest, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal or interest of any Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan, 2.00% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Initial Term
Loan or Additional Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.13 or in the amendment to this Agreement relating thereto or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00% plus the rate applicable to Initial
Term Loans that are ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section 2.13; provided that no amount shall accrue pursuant to this Section 2.13(d) on any overdue amount or other amount payable to a
Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 

(e) Accrued interest on each Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan shall
be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Initial Term Loan, Additional Loan or any other Loan and on the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan or upon the termination of any Additional Commitments and; provided that
(i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.13 shall be payable on demand, 

(ii) in the
event of any repayment or prepayment of any Initial Term Loan, Additional Loan or any other Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of
any conversion of any SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Initial Term Loan or Additional Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

(f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed for ABR Loans shall be computed
on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Term SOFR shall be
determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Interest shall accrue on each Loan from, and including, the date on which such Loan is made to, but excluding, the date on which the Loan or
such interest is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one (1) day. 

-84- 

Section 2.14. Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(a) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a SOFR Borrowing: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do
not exist for ascertaining Term SOFR for such Interest Period; or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that
Term SOFR for such Interest Period, as applicable, will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Revolving Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; 

then the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Parent Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or facsimile as promptly
as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, which the Administrative Agent agrees promptly to do, (i) any Interest
Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing, as applicable on the last day of the Interest
Period applicable thereto, and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing, as applicable. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement. 

(i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with
a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the
Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Parent Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the
Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.14(b)(i) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 

(c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will
become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. No Hedge Agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for the purposes of this Section 2.14. 

(d) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Parent Borrower and the
Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent
will notify the Parent Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to 

-85- 

Section 2.14(e) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) or the Parent Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in
its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 

(e) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time
(including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a
screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of
such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period
(or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is
subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a
Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(f) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Parent Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability
Period, the Parent Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Parent Borrower will
be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component
of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. 

Section 2.15. Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Change in Law: 

(i) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with
or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender, or 

(ii) subjects any Lender to any Taxes (other than Indemnified
Taxes, Other Taxes and Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, or 

-86- 

(iii) imposes on any Lender any other condition (other than Taxes) affecting
this Agreement or SOFR Loans made by any Lender, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the relevant Lender of making or maintaining any SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the
amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any SOFR Loan in an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then, within thirty (30) days after the Parent Borrowers
receipt of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.15, the Parent Borrower will pay to such Lender, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, for such additional costs incurred
or reduction suffered; provided that the Borrowers shall not be liable for such compensation if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, (y) such Lender invokes
Section 2.20 or (z) in the case of requests for reimbursement under clause (iii) of Section 2.15(a) resulting from a market disruption, (A) the relevant circumstances are not generally affecting the
banking market or (B) the applicable request has not been made by Lenders constituting Required Lenders. 

(b) If any Lender determines
that any Change in Law regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (other than due to Taxes) (taking into consideration such Lenders policies
and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Parent Borrower of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this
Section 2.15 the Borrowers will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as applicable, as
specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.15 and setting forth in reasonable detail the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and certifying that such Lender is generally charging such
amounts to similarly situated borrowers shall be delivered to the Parent Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d)
Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrowers shall not be
required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Parent Borrower of the Change in
Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the
180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

Section 2.16. Break
Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the conversion or prepayment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or
otherwise), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date or in the amount specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (c) the assignment of any SOFR Loan of any Lender other than on the last day
of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Parent Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense incurred by such Lender that
is attributable to such event (other than loss of profit). A certificate of any Lender (i) setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.16, the basis therefor and, in reasonable
detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and (ii) certifying that such Lender is generally charging the relevant amounts to similarly situated borrowers shall be delivered to the Parent Borrower and shall be conclusive
absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 

-87- 

Section 2.17. Taxes. 

(a) Any and all payments made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and
without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If any applicable Requirements of Law require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then (i) if such Tax is an
Indemnified Tax and/or Other Tax, the amount payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions and withholdings have been made (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional
sums payable under this Section 2.17), each Lender or, in the case of any payment made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, and (iii) such withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. 

(b) In addition, and without duplication of other amounts
payable by a Loan Party under this Section 2.17, the Loan Parties shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely
reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes. 

(c) Each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent and
each Lender within thirty (30) days after receipt of the certificate described in the succeeding sentence, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable
(including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17) (other than any penalties attributable to the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the
Administrative Agent or such Lender), and, in each case, any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto; provided that if such Loan Party reasonably believes that such Taxes were not correctly or legally asserted, the
Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, will use reasonable efforts to cooperate with such Loan Party to obtain a refund of such Taxes (which shall be repaid to such Loan Party in accordance with Section 2.17(h)) so long as
such efforts would not, in the sole determination of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, result in any additional out-of-pocket costs or expenses not reimbursed by such Loan Party or be otherwise materially disadvantageous to the Administrative
Agent or such Lender, as applicable. In connection with any request for reimbursement under this Section 2.17(c), the relevant Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall deliver a certificate to the Parent Borrower setting
forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount of the relevant payment or liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.17(c), the Loan Parties shall not be required to indemnify
the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.17 for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, to the extent the Administrative Agent or such Lender fails to notify the Parent Borrower of such possible indemnification
claim within one hundred eighty (180) days after the event; providedfurther that, if the event is a Change in Law that is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof. 

(d) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within thirty (30) days after demand
therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment under any Loan Document that is attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that no Loan Party has already indemnified the Administrative
Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and 

-88- 

without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such
Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.05(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the
Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A
certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts
at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount
due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (d). 

(e) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return
reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Status of
Lenders. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any withholding Tax with respect to any
payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation
as the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the
Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent to
determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation
(other than such documentation set forth in paragraphs (f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) of this Section) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any
material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Parent Borrower and to any successor Administrative Agent
any documentation provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.17(f). 

(ii) Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing: 

(A) each Lender that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two (2) executed copies
of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

-89- 

(B) each Foreign Lender, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so,
shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or the
Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the
benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party, two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty; 

(2) two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h)
or 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent
shareholder of a Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate)
and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 

(4) to the extent any Foreign Lender is not the
beneficial owner, two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2 or Exhibit J-3, IRS Form
W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if such Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such
Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-4 on behalf of each such partner; 

(C) each Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Parent Borrower and the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two (2) executed
copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by
applicable Requirements of Law to permit the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to
fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time
or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times 

-90- 

reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation
as is prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary
for the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA, or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and
withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such
form or certification, provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(f), no
Lender shall be required to provide any documentation that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. 

(g) On or prior to the date on
which the Administrative Agent becomes the Administrative Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Parent Borrower or if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes
obsolete), the Administrative Agent will deliver to the Parent Borrower either (i) an executed copy of IRS Form W- 9, or (ii) (x) with respect to any amounts received on its own account, an executed copy of an applicable IRS Form W-8,
and (y) with respect to any amounts received for or on account of any Lender, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY certifying on Part I, Part II and Part VI thereof that it is a U.S. branch that has agreed to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S.
federal tax purposes with respect to payments received by it from the Borrowers in its capacity as Administrative Agent, as applicable. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Parent Borrower at any time it determines that it is no longer
in a position to provide the certification described in the prior sentence. 

(h) If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in
its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which such Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to
this Section 2.17, it shall pay over such refund to such Loan Party (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Loan Party under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (including any Taxes imposed with respect to such refund), and without interest (other than any interest paid by the
relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that such Loan Party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus any penalties,
interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to a Loan Party pursuant to this paragraph (h) to the extent that the payment
thereof would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the position that the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification had not been deducted,
withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.17 shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make
available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the relevant Loan Party or any other Person. 

-91- 

(i) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 2.17 shall
survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan
Document. 

(j) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Requirements of Law includes
FATCA. 

Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Payments.

(a) Unless otherwise specified, the Borrowers shall make each payment required to be made by them hereunder (whether of principal, interest or
fees or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16, or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to the time expressed hereunder or under such Loan Document (or, if no time is expressly required, by 2:00 p.m.) on the date when due, in
immediately available funds, without set- off (except as otherwise provided in Section 2.17) or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been
received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and
such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable account designated to the Parent Borrower by the Administrative Agent, except
that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any
other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Each Lender agrees that in computing such Lenders portion of any Borrowing to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, round such
Lenders percentage of such Borrowing to the next higher or lower whole dollar amount. All payments (including any principal, accrued interest, fees or other obligations otherwise accruing or becoming due) hereunder shall be made in Dollars.
Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the time required if the Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken the necessary steps to make such payment in accordance
with the regulations or operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative Agent to make such payment. 

(b) Subject in all respects to the provisions of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement),
all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent at any time when an Event of Default exists and all or any portion of the Loans have been accelerated hereunder pursuant to Section 7.01 or otherwise received in connection
with any foreclosure on or other exercise of remedies with respect to the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents shall, upon election by the Administrative Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders, be applied first, to the
payment of all costs and expenses then due incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any collection, sale or realization on Collateral or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Secured
Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs
or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, second, on a pro rata basis, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative
Agent (other than those covered in clause first above) from the Borrowers constituting Secured Obligations, third, on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the Secured Obligations (other than any Secured Obligations
incurred after the date hereof that are either junior in right of payment or are secured by a Lien that is junior to the Liens securing the First Priority Secured Obligations) (other 

-92- 

than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made) owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of such Secured
Obligations, fourth, on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of all other Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made) owed to the applicable Secured Parties on the
date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of such Secured Obligations and fifth, to, or at the direction of, the Parent Borrower or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 

(c) If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any
principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans of such Class and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other
Lender with Loans of such Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for Cash at face value) participations in the Loans of such Class at such time outstanding to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such
payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans of such Class; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and
all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not
apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its
Loans to any permitted assignee or participant, including any payment made or deemed made in connection with Sections 2.22, 2.23 and 9.02(c). If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through exercise of any
right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class that is junior in right of payment to any other Class of Loans that has not been repaid in full, such Lender shall promptly remit such payment
to the Administrative Agent for application is accordance with clause (b). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to
the foregoing arrangements may exercise against a Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. The
Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.18(c) and will, in each case, notify the Lenders following any such
purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this
Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from the Parent Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the
Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon
such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lender the amount due. In such event, if the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment, then each Lender severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so
distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (or,
with respect to any amount denominated in Euros, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Euros, on an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day
by the Administrative Agent in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency) and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

-93- 

(e) If any Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to
Section 2.07(b) or Section 2.18(d), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of
such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain SOFR Loans
pursuant to Section 2.20, or any Loan Party is required to pay any Indemnified Tax, Other Tax or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such
Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder, or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable
judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as applicable, in the future or mitigate the impact of Section 2.20, as the
case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed out-of-pocket cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material respect. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) If (i) any Lender
requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.20, (ii) a Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Tax, Other Tax or additional
amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or (iv) in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring
the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby (or any other Class or group of Lenders other than the Required Lenders) with respect to which Required Lender consent (or the consent of Lenders holding
loans or commitments of such Class or lesser group representing more than 50% of the sum of the total loans and unused commitments of such Class or lesser group at such time) has been obtained, as applicable, any Lender is a non-consenting Lender
(each such Lender described in this clause (iv), a Non-Consenting Lender), then such Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (x) terminate the applicable
Commitments and/or Additional Commitments of such Lender, and repay (or cause to be repaid) all Obligations of such Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date in
an amount necessary to eliminate such excess or (y) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to assign and delegate (and such Lender shall be obligated to assign and delegate), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the
restrictions contained in Section 9.05), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if any Lender accepts
such assignment); provided that (A) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of its Loans, in each case of such Class of Loans, Commitments and/or Additional Commitments, accrued
interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it under any Loan Document with respect to such Class of Loans, Commitments and/or Additional Commitments, (B) in the case of any assignment resulting from a claim for compensation
under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (C) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. No
Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) shall be required to make any 

-94- 

such assignment and delegation, and the Borrowers may not repay the Obligations of such Lender or terminate its Commitments or Additional Commitments, if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver
by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Lender agrees that if it is replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19, it shall execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption to evidence such sale and purchase and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Promissory Note (if the assigning Lenders Loans are evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes) subject to
such Assignment and Assumption (provided that the failure of any Lender replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 to execute an Assignment and Assumption or deliver any such Promissory Note shall not render such sale and purchase
(and the corresponding assignment) invalid), such assignment shall be recorded in the Register, any such Promissory Note shall be deemed cancelled. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with
an interest) as such Lenders attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agents discretion, with prior written notice to such Lender,
to take any action and to execute any such Assignment and Assumption or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause (b). To the extent that any Lender is replaced
pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) in connection with a Repricing Transaction requiring payment of a fee pursuant to Section 2.12(c), the Borrowers shall pay to each Lender being replaced as a result of such Repricing
Transaction the fee set forth in Section 2.12(c). 

Section 2.20. Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines
that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by
reference to Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to
purchase or sell, or to take deposits of Dollars in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Parent Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR
Loans or to convert ABR Loans to SOFR Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to clause (b) of the
Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until
such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrowers
shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or convert all of such Lenders SOFR Loans to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be
determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (b) of the Alternate Base Rate) or (2) if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Euros, convert such Loans to Loans bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually
acceptable to the Parent Borrower and such Lender, in each case, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully
continue to maintain such SOFR Loans (in which case the Borrowers shall not be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2.16 in connection with such payment) and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender
determining or charging interest rates based upon the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to clause
(b) thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall
also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the determination of such Lender, otherwise be
materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 

-95- 

Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) The Commitments of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders, each affected Lender, the Required
Lenders or such other number of Lenders as may be required hereby or under any other Loan Document have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any waiver, amendment or modification pursuant to Section 9.02);
provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender disproportionately and adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the
consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

(b) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for
the account of any Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.11, Section 2.15, Section 2.16, Section 2.17, Section 2.18, Article VII,
Section 9.05 or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.09), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the
Administrative Agent and, where relevant, the Parent Borrower, as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, so long as no Default or Event of Default
exists as the Parent Borrower may request, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement; third, as the Administrative Agent or the Parent Borrower
may elect, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Loans that such Defaulting Lender has committed to fund (if any) under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any
amounts owing to the non-Defaulting Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any non-Defaulting Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations
under this Agreement; fifth, to the payment of any amounts owing to a Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting
Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to any Defaulting
Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by any Defaulting Lender or to post Cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.21(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably
consents hereto. 

Section 2.22. Incremental Credit Extensions. 

(a) The Borrowers may, at any time, on one or more occasions deliver a written request to the Administrative Agent (whereupon the
Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy of such request to each of the Lenders) to (i) add one or more new Classes of Term Facilities (including on a delayed draw basis) and/or increase the principal amount of the Term Loans under
any Term Facility by requesting new term loan commitments to be added to such Term Loans (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Term Facility and any loans made pursuant to an Incremental Term Facility,
Incremental Term Loans) and/or (ii) add one or more new Classes of incremental revolving cash-flow facilities and/or increase the aggregate amount of Commitments of any existing Class of Incremental Revolving
Commitments (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Revolving Facility and, together with any Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Facilities; and the loans thereunder, Incremental Revolving
Loans and, together with any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Loans) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap; provided that: 

-96- 

(i) no Incremental Commitment may be less than $5,000,000 (or the
U.S. Dollar equivalent thereof) and shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars or, if acceptable to the Lenders providing such Incremental Facility and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in Euros or any other currency; 

(ii) except as separately agreed from time to time between the Parent Borrower and any Lender, no Lender shall be obligated to
provide any Incremental Commitment, and the determination to provide such commitments shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender; 

(iii) no Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan (or the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the
approval of any existing Lender (other than in its capacity, if any, as a Lender providing all or part of any Incremental Commitment or Incremental Loan), the Administrative Agent (unless its rights and interests are adversely affected in any
material respect) or any other agent or arranger; 

(iv) an Incremental Revolving Facility may have the benefit of a
financial maintenance covenant (which shall not be for the benefit of any Term Facility under this Agreement); 

(v) the
interest rate and any fees applicable to any Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans will be determined by the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans; provided, that, solely with respect to
any Dollar- denominated syndicated Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans incurred on or prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date that are pari passu with the Initial Term Loans in right of payment
and with respect to security, the All-In Yield will not be more than 0.75% higher than the corresponding All-In Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans unless the All-In Yield with respect to the Initial Term Loans is adjusted to be equal to the
All-In Yield with respect to the relevant Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans minus 0.75%; provided, that this clause (v) shall not apply to any Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans that
(1) mature at least twelve (12) months after the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, (2) are incurred in reliance on clauses (a) or (b) of the definition of Incremental Cap, (3) are being utilized to finance
Permitted Acquisitions and similar Investments and related transactions (including refinancing of existing Indebtedness), or (4) are in an aggregate outstanding principal amount, together with all other Incremental Facilities incurred in
reliance on clause (c) of the definition of Incremental Cap then outstanding (whether incurred before or after the Performance Chemicals Sale Closing Date), equal to or less than the greater of $263,000,000 and an amount equal to 100% of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (it being understood that the Parent Borrower shall select whether this clause (4) shall apply to any Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Term Loans in its sole discretion); 

(vi) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date with respect to any Incremental
Term Loans shall be no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of the incurrence thereof; 

(vii)
subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Facility shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term
Loans (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof) except as may be required to achieve fungibility with any existing Term Facility to the extent intended to be fungible; 

-97- 

(viii) subject to clauses (vi) and (vii) above, any
Incremental Term Facility may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility; provided, that if such Incremental Term Loans are to be fungible with
the Initial Term Loans, notwithstanding any other conditions specified in this Section 2.22(a), the amortization schedule for such fungible Incremental Term Facility may provide for amortization in such other percentage(s) to
be agreed by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent to ensure that such fungible Incremental Term Loans will be fungible with the Initial Term Loans; 

(ix) (A) any Incremental Term Facility may rank pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Class of Term Loans
in right of payment and may be secured by the Collateral pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Class of Term Loans with respect to the Collateral or be unsecured (and to the extent the relevant Incremental Facility is intended to
rank pari passu with or junior to the Term Loans in right of security with respect to the Collateral, shall be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement (and/or any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), it being understood that
any terms of subordination in right of payment of any Incremental Facility to any Indebtedness may be determined solely by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion) and (B) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Person
which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral; 

(x) (A) any prepayment (other
than any scheduled amortization payment) of Incremental Term Loans that are pari passu with any then-existing Term Loans in right of payment and security (1) shall with respect to mandatory prepayments, be made on a pro rata basis
or less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) with such existing Term Loans as elected by the Parent Borrower and (2) may, with respect to voluntary prepayments,
share on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with the Initial Term Loans, as determined by the Parent Borrower, and (B) any Incremental Term Loans that are subordinated to any
then-existing Term Loans in right of payment or security shall not receive any mandatory prepayments other than Declined Proceeds prior to the repayment in full of the existing Term Loans (and all other then-existing Loans that are First Priority
Secured Obligations requiring ratable prepayment), except, in each case that the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing the relevant Incremental Term Loans shall be permitted, in their sole discretion, to elect to prepay or receive, as
applicable, any prepayments on a less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis); 

(xi)
except as otherwise agreed by the Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Facility in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, no Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Incremental Facility; 

(xii) except as otherwise required or permitted in this Section 2.22, all other terms of any Incremental Term
Facility, if not substantially consistent with the terms of the Initial Term Loans, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent; provided, that the following will be deemed to be reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent, (w) terms which are not substantially consistent with the terms of the Initial Term Loans and are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Term Loan Maturity Date, (x) terms contained in any Incremental Term
Facility that are, taken as a whole, more favorable to the Borrowers than those contained in the then-existing Loan Documents, (y) terms contained in any Incremental Term 

-98- 

Facility that are, taken as a whole, more favorable to the lenders of such Incremental Term Facility than those contained in the then-existing Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to
the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Facility, and (z) terms contained in any Incremental Term Facility that reflect then current market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance
(as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith); 

(xiii) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used for
working capital, general corporate purposes and any transaction or other purpose not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(xiv)
on the date of the making of any Incremental Term Loans that will be added to any existing Class of Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Sections 2.08 or 2.13, such Incremental Term Loans shall be added
to (and constitute a part of) each borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class, as applicable, of the same type with the same Interest Period of the respective Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of the various
outstanding Borrowings), so that each Term Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans will participate proportionately in each then outstanding borrowing of the applicable Term Loans of the same type with the same Interest Period of the respective
Class; 

(xv) at no time shall there be more than three separate Maturity Dates in effect with respect to Incremental
Revolving Facilities and any other Additional Revolving Facilities at any time; 

(xvi) Incremental Facilities shall be
permitted regardless of the amount available under the Incremental Cap and shall not constitute a utilization of any component of the Incremental Cap if any such Incremental Facility effectively extends the maturity of or is incurred to effect the
repricing of or otherwise replaces any loans or commitments under any Specified Debt (including as may have been terminated under Section 2.19), in each case, without increasing the principal amount thereof except with
respect to any related premium, penalties, fees and expenses; provided, the amount of any Specified Debt so extended or replaced shall not increase the Incremental Cap; and 

(xvii) the Parent Borrower may select, in its sole discretion, that any Incremental Facility be issued, incurred and/or
established under one or more of any available components (or subcomponents) of the Incremental Cap (as provided in Section 1.10) and if no selection shall have been made, such Incremental Facility shall be deemed to have been incurred
in reliance on first, clause (c) of the definition of Incremental Cap up to the maximum amount permitted thereunder, second, to the extent applicable, clause (b) of the definition of
Incremental Cap, and thereafter, to the Fixed Incremental Amount. 

(b) Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing
Lender, or by any other lender (other than any Disqualified Institution) who would be permitted to become a Lender (including any required consents) under Section 9.05 (any such other lender being called an Additional
Lender); provided that in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower shall have consented (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the relevant Additional
Lenders provision of Incremental Commitments; provided, further, that any Additional Lender that is an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.05(h), mutatis mutandis, to the same
extent as if Incremental Commitments and related Obligations had been obtained by such Lender by way of assignment. 

-99- 

(c) Each Lender or Additional Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Commitment shall
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower all such documentation (including an amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate
such Incremental Commitment. On the effective date of such Incremental Commitment, each Additional Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 

(d) As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Facility or the making of any Incremental Loans, (i) upon its
reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary written opinions of counsel, as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements and/or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall
have received, from each Additional Lender, an administrative questionnaire, in the form provided to such Additional Lender by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire) and such other documents as it shall
reasonably and customarily require from such Additional Lender, (iii) the Lenders shall have received all fees required to be paid in respect of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have
received a certificate of the relevant Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer thereof: 

(A) certifying and attaching a
copy of the resolutions adopted by the governing body of the relevant Borrower approving or consenting to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans, and 

(B) to the extent applicable, certifying that the condition set forth in clause (a)(x) above has been satisfied. 

(e) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in order to
establish any Incremental Loans or Incremental Facilities pursuant to this Section 2.22 and authorize the Administrative Agent and each Borrower to enter into such amendments (and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, such
amendments to implement and provide for revolving credit facilities under this Agreement, including incorporating customary terms, conditions and requirements for revolving credit facilities (including letter of credit and swingline loan mechanics)
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower (including amendments and restatements)) as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the relevant Borrower in connection
with the establishment of such Incremental Loans or Incremental Facilities, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.22, and may extend or apply any provisions applicable to such Incremental Loans or Incremental Facilities to
any then-existing Credit Facility in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment to the extent the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent reasonably determine such provisions are beneficial on the whole to the Lenders under such existing
Credit Facility. 

(f) To the extent the provisions of clause (a)(xiii) above require that Term Lenders making new Incremental Term
Loans add such Incremental Term Loans to the then outstanding borrowings of SOFR Loans of the respective Class of Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans, as applicable, it is acknowledged that the effect thereof may result in such new
Incremental Term Loans having short Interest Periods (i.e., an Interest Period that began during an Interest Period then applicable to outstanding SOFR Loans of the respective Class and which will end on the last day of such Interest Period). 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.22 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds
of any Incremental Facility are intended to be applied to finance an acquisition or similar Investment and the Lenders or Additional Lenders providing such Incremental Facility so agree, the availability thereof shall be subject to customary
SunGard or certain funds conditionality. 

-100- 

(h) This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.18
or 9.02 to the contrary and shall, to extent applicable, be subject in all respects to Section 1.10. 

Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans and Additional Revolving Commitments. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer)
made from time to time by the Parent Borrower to all Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any Class or Classes (as determined by the Parent Borrower), in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
the respective Loans or Commitments with respect to each such Class) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrowers are hereby permitted from time to time to consummate transactions with any individual Lender who accepts the terms
contained in any such Extension Offer to extend the Maturity Date of such Lenders Loans and/or commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Loans and/or commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by
increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Loans and/or commitments (and related outstandings) and/or modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Loans) (each, an Extension; any Extended Term Loans
shall constitute a separate Class of Term Loans from the Class of Term Loans from which they were converted and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate Class of Revolving Credit Commitments from the Class of Revolving
Credit Commitments from which they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied: 

(i) no Default under
Sections 7.01(a), (f) or (g) or Event of Default shall exist at the time the notice in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the applicable Lenders, and no Default under Sections 7.01(a),
(f) or (g) or Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of any Extension; 

(ii) except as to (x) interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall, subject to clause (iv) below, be
determined by the Parent Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and (y) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date (in
each case, as of the date of such Extension), the commitment of any Revolving Lender that agrees to an Extension (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment; and the related Credit Facility, an Extended Revolving
Facility and the Loans thereunder, Extended Revolving Loans), and the related outstandings, shall be a revolving commitment (or related outstandings, as the case may be) with the same terms (or terms not less favorable
to existing Revolving Lenders) as the original revolving commitments (and related outstandings) provided hereunder; provided that (x) to the extent any non-extended portion of any Additional Revolving Facility then exists, (1) the
borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on such revolving facilities (and related outstandings), (B) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of such revolving facilities and
(C) repayments made in connection with any permanent repayment and termination of commitments (subject to clause (3) below)) of Extended Revolving Loans after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be
made on a pro rata basis with such portion of such relevant Additional Revolving Facility, (2) all swingline loans and letters of credit made or issued, as applicable, under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment shall be participated
on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (3) the permanent repayment of Loans with respect to, and termination of commitments under, any such Extended Revolving Credit Commitment after the effective date of such Extended
Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with such portion of any Additional Revolving Facility, except that the Borrowers shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such revolving facility
on a greater than pro rata basis as compared with any other revolving facility with a later Maturity Date than such revolving facility and (y) at no time shall there be more than three (3) separate Classes of revolving commitments
hereunder (including Incremental Revolving Commitments, Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and Replacement Revolving Facilities); 

-101- 

(iii) except as to (x) interest rates, fees, amortization, final
maturity date, premiums, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iv)(x), (v) and (vi), be determined by the Parent Borrower and any Lender who
agrees to an Extension and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and (y) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the Term Loans
of any Lender extended pursuant to any Extension (any such extended Term Loans, the Extended Term Loans, and the related Credit Facility, an Extended Term Facility) shall have the same terms as the Class of Term
Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer; provided, however, that with respect to representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are applicable to any such Class of Extended Term
Loans, such provisions may be more favorable to the lenders of the applicable Class of Extended Term Loans than those originally applicable to the Class of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer, so long as (and only so long as) such
provisions also expressly apply to (and for the benefit of) the Class of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer and each other Class of Term Loans hereunder; 

(iv) (x) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date of any Extended Term
Loans shall be no earlier than the then applicable Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of extension and (y) no Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans shall have a final maturity date earlier than (or require
commitment reductions prior to) the then applicable Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date; 

(v) subject to the Permitted
Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans or any other Extended Term Loans extended thereby;

(vi) any Extended Term Loans may participate, with respect to mandatory prepayments or repayments (but, for purposes of
clarity, not scheduled amortization payments) on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) and with respect to voluntary prepayments or repayments on a pro rata basis, a less
than pro rata basis or a greater than a pro rata basis in respect of the Initial Term Loans (and any Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements), in each case as specified in the respective Extension Offer;

(vii) if the aggregate principal amount of Loans or commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Lenders shall
have accepted the relevant Extension Offer exceeds the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans or commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by a Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Loans or commitments, as the case
may be, of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer; 

(viii) each Extension shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000; 

(ix) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied or waived by the Parent Borrower; 

-102- 

(x) all documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with
the foregoing; and 

(xi) no Extension of any Additional Revolving Facility shall be effective as to the obligations of any
swingline lender to make any swingline loans or any letter of credit issuer with respect to letters of credit without the consent of such swingline lender or such letter of credit issuer (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(b) With respect to any Extension consummated pursuant to this Section 2.23, (i) no such Extension shall constitute a
voluntary or mandatory prepayment for purposes of Section 2.11, (ii) the scheduled amortization payments (in so far as such schedule affects payments due to Lenders participating in the relevant Class) set forth in
Section 2.10 shall be adjusted to give effect to such Extension of the relevant Class and (iii) except as set forth in clause (a)(viii) above, no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum
increment; provided that the Parent Borrower may, at its election, specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition) to consummating such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant
Extension Offer in the Parent Borrowers sole discretion and which may be waived by the Parent Borrower) of Loans or commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable Classes be tendered. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby
consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.23 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Class of Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Credit
Commitments on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including Section 2.10, 2.11 or 2.18) or any other Loan Document that may
otherwise prohibit any Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.23. 

(c) No consent of any Lender or
the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than (A) the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Loans and/or commitments under any Class (or a portion thereof), and
(B) with respect to any Extension of any Additional Revolving Facility, the consent of each applicable letter of credit issuer to the extent the commitment to provide letters of credit is to be extended. All Extended Term Loans and Extended
Revolving Credit Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall constitute Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other
applicable Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Parent Borrower
as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Parent
Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.23. 

(d) In connection with any Extension, the Parent Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least ten (10) Business Days (or
such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the
credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.23. 

Section 2.24. Borrower Representative; Joint and Several Obligations of the Borrowers. 

-103- 

(a) Each Borrower hereby designates and appoints the Parent Borrower as its agent,
attorney-in-fact and legal representative on its behalf for all purposes, including issuing Borrowing Requests; delivering Compliance Certificates; giving instructions with respect to the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loans; paying, prepaying
and reducing loans, commitments or any other amounts owing under the Loan Documents; selecting interest rate options; giving, receiving, accepting and rejecting all other notices, consents or other communications hereunder or under any of the other
Loan Documents; and taking all other actions (including in respect of compliance with covenants) on behalf of any Borrower or the Borrowers under the Loan Documents. The Parent Borrower hereby accepts such appointment. The Administrative Agent and
each Lender may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document from the Parent Borrower on behalf of one or more Borrowers as a notice or communication from such Borrowers. Each warranty, covenant, agreement and undertaking
made on behalf of a Borrower by the Parent Borrower shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such
Borrower. Any action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or any other undertaking under any of the Loan Documents to be made by the Parent Borrower in respect of the Obligations of any Borrower shall be deemed, where
applicable, to be made in the Parent Borrowers capacity as representative and agent on behalf of the applicable Borrower or Borrowers, and any such action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or other undertaking shall
be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower. 

(b) The Borrowers shall have joint and several liability in respect of all Obligations hereunder and under any other Loan Document to which any
Borrower is a party, without regard to any defense (other than the defense that payment in full has been made), setoff or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any other Loan Party against the Lenders, or by any other
circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of Holdings and the Borrowers) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Borrowers liability hereunder, in bankruptcy or in
any other instance, and the Obligations of the Borrowers hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Lenders or any other Person at any time of any right or remedy against the Borrowers or against any other Person which
may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Obligations or against any Collateral or Guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that this Agreement is the independent and several
obligation of each Borrower (regardless of which Borrower shall have delivered a Borrowing Request) and may be enforced against each Borrower separately, whether or not enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder has been sought against any other
Borrower. Each Borrower hereby expressly waives, with respect to any of the Term Loans made to any other Borrower hereunder and any of the amounts owing hereunder by such other Loan Parties in respect of such Term Loans, diligence, presentment,
demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against such other Loan Parties under this Agreement or any other agreement or
instrument referred to herein or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of such amounts owing hereunder, and makes each of the other waivers and agreements of the Guarantors set forth in Sections 2.03, 2.04 and
2.05 of the Loan Guaranty. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Each of (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03, 3.07, 3.08,
3.09, 3.13, 3.14, 3.16 and 3.17, and (ii) the Borrowers hereby represent and warrant to the Lenders that: 

-104- 

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each of the Loan Parties and each of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is (i) duly organized and validly existing and (ii) in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has all
requisite organizational power and authority to own its property and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant
jurisdiction) in, every jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or conduct of its business requires such qualification; except, in each case referred to in this Section 3.01 (other than clause (a)(i)
with respect to the Borrowers and clause (b) with respect to the Loan Parties) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Loan Documents are within each
applicable Loan Partys corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Loan Party. Each Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party has been duly
executed and delivered by such Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 

Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of the Loan Documents by each Loan Party party
thereto and the performance by such Loan Party thereof (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full
force and effect, (ii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements and (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, (b) will not violate any (i) of such Loan Partys Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirements of Law applicable to such Loan Party which violation, in the case of this clause (b)(ii), would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) will not violate or result in a default under (i) the ABL Credit Agreement, (ii) the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes or (iii) any other material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party
is a party which violation, in the case of this clause (c), would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect. 

(a) The financial statements most recently provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable, present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrowers on a consolidated basis as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, (x) except as otherwise expressly noted therein,
(y) subject, in the case of financial statements provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a), to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments and (z) except as may be necessary to reflect any differing entities and
organizational structure prior to giving effect to the Transactions. 

(b) Since the Closing Date, there have been no events, developments
or circumstances that have had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.05. Properties. 

(a) As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each Real Estate Asset (or each set of such assets that collectively
comprise one operating property) that is owned in fee simple by any Loan Party. 

-105- 

(b) The Parent Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries have good and valid fee
simple title to or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all of their respective Real Estate Assets and have good title to their personal property and assets, in each case, except
(i) for defects in title that do not materially interfere with their ability to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes or (ii) where the failure to have such title
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All such properties and assets are free and clear of Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 

(c) Each Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own or otherwise have a license or right to use all rights in Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights
and other rights in works of authorship (including all copyrights embodied in software) and all other intellectual property rights (IP Rights) used to conduct the businesses of such Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as
presently conducted without, to the knowledge of the relevant Borrower, any infringement, dilution, or misappropriation or other violation of the IP Rights of third parties, except to the extent such failure to own or license or have rights to use
would not, or where such infringement, misappropriation or violation would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters. 

(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of
the Borrowers, threatened in writing against or affecting the Loan Parties or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) no Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to or has received notice of any Environmental Claim or any Environmental Liability, and (ii) no Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has failed to comply
with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law. 

(c) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or Released any Hazardous Materials on, at
or from any currently or formerly operated real estate or facility and no Hazardous Materials are otherwise present at any currently owned or operated real estate or facility, in either case, in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws. Each of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their Restricted
Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except, in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
it being understood and agreed that this Section 3.07 shall not apply to the Requirements of Law covered by Section 3.17. 

Section 3.08. Investment Company Status. No Loan Party is an investment company as defined in, or is required to be
registered under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Section 3.09. Taxes. Each of Holdings, each Borrower and each of their
Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it that are due and payable, including in its capacity
as a withholding agent, except (a) Taxes (or any requirement to file Tax returns with respect thereto) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which Holdings, such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as
applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to file or pay, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-106- 

Section 3.10. ERISA. 

(a) Each Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code and all other applicable laws and regulations,
except where any failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) No ERISA Event has
occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.11. Disclosure. As of the Closing Date, all written information (other than the Projections, other forward-looking
information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) concerning Holdings, the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and the Transactions and that was prepared by or on behalf of Holdings or its subsidiaries or
their respective representatives and made available to any Lender or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions on or before the Closing Date (the Information), when taken as a whole, did not, when furnished, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (after giving effect to
all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 

Section 3.12. Solvency. As of the Closing Date, immediately after the
consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date and the incurrence of Indebtedness and obligations on the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement and the ABL Credit Agreement, (i) the sum of the debt (including contingent
liabilities) of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not exceed the fair value of the assets of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (ii) the present fair saleable value
of the assets of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on
their debts as they become absolute and matured; (iii) the capital of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, contemplated as of the Closing Date; and (iv) the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to incur, or believe that they will incur, debts (including current obligations
and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debts as they mature in the ordinary course of business. For the purposes hereof, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all
of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liability meets the criteria for accrual under Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 5). 

Section 3.13. Capitalization and Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.13 sets forth, in
each case as of the Closing Date, (a) a correct and complete list of the name of each subsidiary of Holdings and the ownership interest therein held by Holdings or its applicable subsidiary, and (b) the type of entity of each Loan Party
and each subsidiary of Holdings with respect to which a portion of such subsidiarys equity is pledged by a Loan Party as Collateral. 

-107- 

Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral. Subject to any limitations and
exceptions set forth in any Loan Document, the Legal Reservations, the Perfection Requirements, the provisions of this Agreement and the other relevant Loan Documents (including the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other applicable Acceptable
Intercreditor Agreement)) and/or any other applicable intercreditor arrangement, the Collateral Documents create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on all of the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself and the
other Secured Parties, and upon the satisfaction of the Perfection Requirements, such Liens constitute perfected Liens (with the priority that such Liens are expressed to have under the relevant Collateral Documents, unless otherwise permitted
hereunder or under any Collateral Document) on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens are required to be perfected under the terms of the Loan Documents) securing the Secured Obligations, in each case as and to the extent set forth therein. 

Section 3.15. Labor Disputes. Except as individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or to the extent otherwise disclosed on Schedule 3.15 hereto: (a) there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened by any union or labor organization purporting to act as exclusive bargaining representative and (b) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Parent Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters. 

Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and
whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation T, U or X. 

Section 3.17. Economic and Trade Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(a) (i) None of Holdings, the Borrowers nor any of their Restricted Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, any director,
officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of any of the foregoing is (A) a person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or (B) currently the subject of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) or the U.S. State Department (collectively, Sanctions); and (ii) the Borrowers will not directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or
otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing activities of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such financing, is the subject of any Sanctions, except to the extent permissible
for a Person required to comply with Sanctions. 

(b) To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects
with (i) each of the foreign assets control regulations of the U.S. Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V), and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act and, to its
knowledge, other anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws of the U.S., and (iii) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA). 

(c) No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, indirectly, for any payments to any
governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to improperly obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper
advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 

(d) The representations and warranties contained in this Section 3.17 shall only apply to
the extent that it would not result in any violation of or conflict with Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996, section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance (Auenwirtschaftsverordnung) or any similar anti-boycott law
or regulation. 

-108- 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS 

Section 4.01.
Closing Date. The obligations of any Lender to make Loans shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 

(a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each Loan Party party
thereto (i) a counterpart signed by each such Loan Party (or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a copy transmitted by facsimile or other electronic method) that such party has signed a counterpart) of
(A) this Agreement, 

(B) the Security Agreement, (C) any Intellectual Property Security Agreement required pursuant to the
Security Agreement, (D) the Loan Guaranty, (E) any Promissory Note requested by a Lender at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (F) the ABL Intercreditor Agreement Joinder (which shall be signed by the Existing
Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent and the ABL Administrative Agent) and the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement Joinder (which shall be signed by the Existing Credit Agreement
Administrative Agent and the Existing Sidecar Credit Agreement Administrative Agent) and (ii) a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03. 

(b) Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a customary written opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP, in
its capacity as special counsel for Holdings, the Borrowers and any Subsidiary Guarantors, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (ii) a customary written opinion of Babst Calland, in its capacity
as special counsel for the Parent Borrower and any Subsidiary Guarantors organized under the laws of Pennsylvania, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d)
Closing Certificates; Certified Charters; Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Closing Date and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other
senior officer (as the case may be) thereof, which shall (A) certify that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consents of its shareholders, board of directors, board of managers, members or other governing body
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrowers, the borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended
and are in full force and effect, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party on the
Closing Date and (C) certify (x) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or memorandum of association or other equivalent thereof) of such Loan Party certified by
the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement and (y) that such documents or agreements have not been amended
(except as otherwise attached to such certificate and certified therein as being the only amendments thereto as of such date) and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent if applicable) certificate as of a recent date for such Loan Party from its
jurisdiction of organization. 

-109- 

(e) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Loan
Parties set forth in Article III hereof and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a
given date or period, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period; provided, further, that any representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material
Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 

(f) Fees. Prior to or substantially concurrently with the funding of the Initial Term Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall
have received (i) all fees required to be paid by the Borrowers on the Closing Date pursuant to the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and (ii) all expenses required to be paid by the Borrowers for which invoices have been presented at least
three Business Days prior to the Closing Date or such later date to which the Borrowers may agree (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), in each case on or before the Closing Date, which amounts may be offset against the
proceeds of the Loans. 

(g) Solvency. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated as of the Closing Date in
substantially the form of Exhibit K from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Parent Borrower, on behalf of the Borrowers, certifying as to the matters set forth therein. 

(h) Perfection Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date and
signed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, together with all attachments contemplated thereby. 

(i) Pledged Stock; Stock
Powers; Pledged Notes. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, the Administrative Agent (or its bailee) shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Capital Stock required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement,
together with an undated stock or similar power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (ii) each Material Debt Instrument (if any) endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or
accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 

(j) Filings Registrations and Recordings. Subject to the
Intercreditor Agreements, each document (including any UCC (or similar) financing statement) required by any Collateral Document or under law to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral required to be delivered pursuant to such Collateral Document, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Permitted Liens), shall have been received
by the Administrative Agent and be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 

(k) Transactions. Prior to or
substantially concurrently with the initial funding of the Loans hereunder, the Closing Date Refinancing shall have occurred. 

(l)
Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2015, no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred. 

(m) USA PATRIOT Act.
No later than three Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested by any Lender that is party hereto on the Closing Date in writing with
respect to any Loan Party at least ten days in advance of the Closing Date, which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and
regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

-110- 

(n) Beneficial Ownership Certificate. If any Borrower qualifies as a legal
entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation it shall have delivered to each Lender requesting the same, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Borrower, in each case, at least three (3) Business Days prior
to the Closing Date to the extent requested by any Lender that is party hereto in writing at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date. 

(o) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer or director
of the Parent Borrower certifying as of the Closing Date to the matters set forth in Section 4.01(e) and Section 4.01(l). 

For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been satisfied on the Closing Date, by
funding the Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent and each Lender that has executed this Agreement (or an Assignment and Assumption on the Closing Date) shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each
document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be. 

ARTICLE V 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

From the Closing Date until the Termination Date, (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 5.01,
5.02, 5.03, 5.08, and 5.12, and (ii) the Parent Borrower hereby covenant and agree with the Lenders that: 

Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports. The Parent Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent for delivery to
each Lender: 

(a) Quarterly Financial Statements. Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal
Quarters of each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on or around June 30, 2021 (or, if later, as required or permitted by the SEC), the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter
and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Parent Borrower for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and setting forth (commencing
with the Fiscal Quarter ending on or around June 30, 2021), in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, together with a Responsible
Officer Certification (which may be included in the applicable Compliance Certificate) with respect thereto and, at the option of the Parent Borrower, either (i) a Narrative Report with respect thereto (which may be satisfied by any Parent
Companys Form 10-Q report) or (ii) a conference call with the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, which call shall be held after delivery of the applicable financial statements, during normal business hours and otherwise at a time
mutually agreed between the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent for the applicable Fiscal Quarter (which may be satisfied by any investors earnings release call by any Parent Company); 

(b) Annual Financial Statements. Within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year (or, if later, as required or permitted
by the SEC), (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Parent Borrower for such Fiscal Year and
setting forth (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending on or around December 31, 2021), in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year and (ii) with respect to such consolidated financial
statements, (A) a report thereon from the Parent Borrowers certified public accountant or any nationally 

-111- 

recognized independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing (which report shall be unqualified as to going concern (other than resulting from the impending
maturity of any Indebtedness or any actual or prospective breach of any financial covenant) and scope of audit, and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of the Parent Borrower as at the dates indicated and its income and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP) and (B) at the option of the Parent Borrower, either (i) a Narrative Report with respect to such Fiscal Year
(which may be satisfied by any Parent Companys Form 10-K report), or (ii) a conference call with the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, which call shall be held after delivery of the applicable financial statements, during normal
business hours and otherwise at a time mutually agreed between the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent for the applicable Fiscal Year (which may be satisfied by any investors earnings release call by any Parent Company); 

(c) Compliance Certificate. Together with each delivery of financial statements of the Parent Borrower pursuant to Sections
5.01(a) and 5.01(b), (i) a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate certifying that no Default or Event of Default exists (or if a Default or Event of Default exists, describing in reasonable detail such Default or Event of
Default and the steps being taken to cure, remedy or waive the same) and (ii) (A) a summary of the pro forma or consolidating adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such financial
statements and (B) a list identifying any change or addition of any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate or confirming that there is
no change in such information since the later of the Closing Date and the date of the last such list; 

(d) [Reserved]; 

(e) Notice of Default. Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Parent
Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default or (ii) the occurrence of any event or change that has caused or evidences or would reasonably be expected to cause or evidence, either individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, a reasonably-detailed notice specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change and what action the Parent Borrower has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect
thereto; 

(f) Notice of Litigation. Promptly upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible
Officer of the Parent Borrower obtaining knowledge of (i) the institution of, or threat of, any Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or (ii) any material development in
any Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either of clause (i) or (ii), would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof from the Parent Borrower together with such other non-privileged
information as may be reasonably available to the Loan Parties to enable the Lenders to evaluate such matters; 

(g) ERISA. Promptly
upon, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after, any Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower becoming aware of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a written notice
specifying the nature thereof; 

(h) Annual Collateral Verification. Together with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate
provided with the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b), a Perfection Certificate Supplement; 

-112- 

(i) Information Regarding Collateral. Within sixty (60) days of the relevant
change, written notice of any change (i) in any Loan Partys legal name, (ii) in any Loan Partys type of organization, (iii) in any Loan Partys jurisdiction of organization or (iv) in any Loan Partys
organizational identification number (if any), in the case of this clause (iv), to the extent such information is necessary to enable the Administrative Agent to perfect or maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in the
Collateral of the relevant Loan Party, together with a certified copy of the applicable Organizational Document reflecting the relevant change; 

(j) Environmental Matters. Prompt (and in any event within five (5) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of the Parent
Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof) written notice of any Release or other Hazardous Material Activity that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(k) Certain Reports. Promptly upon their becoming available and without duplication of any obligations with respect to any such
information that is otherwise required to be delivered under the provisions of any Loan Document, copies of (i) following an initial public offering, all financial statements, reports, notices and proxy statements sent or made available
generally by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company to its security holders acting in such capacity and (ii) all regular and periodic reports and all registration statements (other than on Form S-8 or a similar form) and prospectuses, if
any, filed by Holdings or its applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities; 

(l) [Reserved]; and 

(m)
Other Information. Such other certificates, reports and information (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in connection with the financial condition or business of Holdings and its
Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that none of Holdings, the Parent Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or
non-financial proprietary information of Holdings, the Parent Borrower and/or any of their respective subsidiaries, customers and/or suppliers, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their
respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which Holdings, the Parent
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party; provided, further, that, with respect to this clause (iv), the Parent Borrower shall (A) make the Administrative Agent aware of such
confidentiality obligations (to the extent permitted under the applicable confidentiality obligation) and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to communicate the relevant information in a way that does not violate such confidentiality
obligations. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so
delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Parent Borrower (or a representative thereof) (x) posts such documents or (y) provides a link thereto on the website of the Parent Borrower on the Internet
at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01; provided that, other than with respect to items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k), the Parent Borrower shall promptly notify (which may be by facsimile or
electronic mail) the Administrative Agent in writing of the posting of any such documents on the website of the Parent Borrower (or its applicable subsidiary) and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft
copies) of such documents; (ii) on which such documents are delivered by the Parent Borrower to the Administrative Agent for posting on behalf of the Parent Borrower on SyndTrak or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the
Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); (iii) on which executed certificates or other documents are faxed to the Administrative Agent (or electronically
mailed to an address provided by the Administrative Agent); 

-113- 

or (iv) in respect of the items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k) in respect of information filed by any applicable Parent Company with any securities exchange
or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities (other than Form 10-Q reports and Form 10-K reports described in Sections 5.01(a) and (b),
respectively), on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous governmental or private regulatory authority or securities exchange. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a), and (b) of this Section 5.01 may be
satisfied with respect to any financial statements of the Parent Borrower by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of any Parent Company or (B) any Parent Companys Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC or
any securities exchange, in each case, within the time periods specified in such paragraphs; provided that, with respect to each of clauses (A) and (B), (i) to the extent such financial statements relate to any Parent Company, such
financial statements shall be accompanied by consolidating information that summarizes in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such Parent Company, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Parent Borrower
and its consolidated subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand, which consolidating information shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower as having been fairly presented in all material respects and (ii) to the
extent such statements are in lieu of statements required to be provided under Section 5.01(b), such statements shall be accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized
standing, which report and opinion shall satisfy the applicable requirements set forth in Section 5.01(b). 

Any financial
statement required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall not be required to include acquisition accounting adjustments relating to the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition to the extent it is not
practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial statement. 

Section 5.02. Existence. Except as otherwise
permitted under Section 6.07, Holdings and the Parent Borrower will, and the Parent Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights,
franchises, licenses and permits material to its business except, other than with respect to the preservation of the existence of the Parent Borrower, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect; provided that neither Holdings nor the Parent Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence (other than with respect to the preservation of existence of the Parent Borrower),
right, franchise, license or permit if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Persons board of directors (or similar governing body) determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such
Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to the Lenders. 

Section 5.03.
Payment of Taxes. Holdings and the Parent Borrower will, and the Parent Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income or
businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrues thereon; provided that no such Tax need be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as
(i) adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions, as are required in conformity with GAAP, have been made therefor and (ii) in the case of a Tax which has or may become a Lien against any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings
conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or (b) the failure to pay or discharge the same could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

-114- 

Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties. The Parent Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all property reasonably necessary to the normal conduct of
business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or where the
failure to maintain such properties or make such repairs, renewals or replacements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.05. Insurance. Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the
Parent Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, such insurance coverage with respect to liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Parent Borrower
and its Restricted Subsidiaries as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self- insurance), with such
deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons. Each such policy of insurance shall (i) name the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders as an additional insured
thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier, in the case of each casualty insurance policy (excluding any business interruption insurance policy), contain a loss payable clause or
endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders as the lender loss payee thereunder and, to the extent available, provide for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any
modification or cancellation of such policy (or ten (10) days prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premiums thereunder). 

Section 5.06. Inspections. The Parent Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized
representative designated by the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Parent Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at which the principal financial records and executive officers of the applicable Person
are located, to inspect, copy and take extracts from its and their respective financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their respective affairs, finances and accounts with its and their Responsible Officers and independent public
accountants (provided that the Parent Borrower (or any of its subsidiaries) may, if it so chooses, be present at or participate in any such discussion), all upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours;
provided that, (x) only the Administrative Agent (or a representative designated by the Administrative Agent) on behalf of the Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this
Section 5.06, (y) subject to the immediately succeeding proviso, the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year and (z) subject to the immediately succeeding proviso,
only one such time per calendar year shall be at the expense of the Parent Borrower; providedfurther that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any
of the foregoing at the expense of the Parent Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice; providedfurther that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Parent Borrower nor
any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of copies of or taking abstracts from, or discuss any document, information, or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets
or non-financial proprietary information of the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries and/or any of its customers and/or suppliers, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective
representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable law, (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) in respect of which Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party; provided, further, that, with respect to this clause (iv), the Parent Borrower shall (A) make the Administrative Agent aware of such confidentiality
obligations (to the extent permitted under the applicable confidentiality obligation) and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to communicate the relevant information in a way that does not violate such confidentiality obligations. 

-115- 

Section 5.07. Maintenance of Books and Records. The Parent Borrower will, and
will cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
that are full, true and correct in all material respects and permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 

Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws. 

(a) Holdings and the Parent Borrower will, and will cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries to (i) materially comply with the
applicable requirements of Sanctions and the FCPA (subject to any applicable licenses, authorizations or exemptions) and (ii) comply with the requirements of all other applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority
(including ERISA, the USA PATRIOT Act and, to its knowledge, anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws), except to the extent the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The Borrowers will not directly or, to their knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds
to any Person, (i) for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such financing, is the subject of any Sanctions, except to the extent permissible for a Person required to comply
with Sanctions; or (ii) in a manner that violates any applicable requirements under the FCPA. 

Section 5.09. Compliance with
Environmental Laws. Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (a) comply, and take all commercially reasonable
actions to cause any lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply, with all applicable Environmental Laws and environmental permits (including any investigation, notification, cleanup, removal or remedial obligations
with respect to or arising out of any Hazardous Materials Activity), (b) obtain and renew all environmental permits required to conduct its operations or in connection with its properties and (c) respond timely to any Environmental Claim
against the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and discharge or duly contest any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder. 

Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries. The board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Parent Borrower may at any
time after the Closing Date designate (or redesignate) any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) immediately before and after such designation or
redesignation, no Default or Event of Default exists (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary), (ii) in
the case of designating a Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary or redesignating an Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary, the applicable Investment is permitted under one or more clauses in Section 6.06
(as selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion), (iii) no subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it is a Restricted Subsidiary for purposes of the ABL Credit Agreement unless also being designated
as an Unrestricted Subsidiary thereunder, and (iv) as of the date of the designation or redesignation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower (unless such Restricted
Subsidiary is also designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (unless the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted to
incur such Indebtedness or Liens in favor of such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Sections 6.01 and 6.02). 

-116- 

The designation of any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Parent
Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Parent Borrowers (or its
applicable Restricted Subsidiarys) equity interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Parent Borrower (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under Section 6.06). The designation
of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence or making, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable;
provided that upon a redesignation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Parent Borrower shall be deemed to continue to have an Investment in the resulting Restricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to
(a) the Parent Borrowers Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation, less (b) the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the
Parent Borrowers equity therein at the time of such redesignation. As of the Closing Date, the subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.10 have been designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds. The Parent Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans made to the Parent Borrower on
the Closing Date solely to directly or indirectly finance a portion of the Transactions (including the payment of Transaction Costs). 

Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security. Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing
Date of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), (ii) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Excluded
Subsidiary), (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary that was an Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded
Subsidiary or (v) the designation of a Discretionary Guarantor, on or before the date that is sixty (60) days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter in which such transaction or designation occurred (or such longer period as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably agree), the Parent Borrower shall (A) cause such Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor to comply with the requirements set forth in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and
(B) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, cause the relevant Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor to deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of a customary opinion of counsel for such Restricted
Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other relevant Secured Parties. 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, (i) the Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time or any period in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document (at any time, including, in each case, after the expiration
of any relevant time or period, which will be retroactive) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision
of any Loan Guaranty by any Restricted Subsidiary (in connection with assets acquired, or Restricted Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Closing Date) where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Parent Borrower, that such action
cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents, and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time,
(ii) any Lien required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth therein and in the Collateral Documents, (iii) no Loan Party shall be
required to seek any landlord lien waiver, bailee letter, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral access or similar letter or agreement, (iv) no Loan Party will be required to take any action to the extent limited, restricted or not
required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any other Loan Document, (v) in no event will the Collateral include any Excluded Assets, (vi) no action shall be required to perfect a Lien (1) in any

-117- 

asset in respect of which the perfection of a security interest therein would violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms
of this Agreement and is binding on such asset on the Closing Date or at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and similar financings), in each case, after
giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable law, (2) in any asset in respect of which the perfection of a security interest therein would trigger termination of any contract relating to such asset
that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset on the Closing Date or at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of capital leases,
purchase money and similar financings) pursuant to any change of control or similar provision; it being understood that the Collateral shall include any proceeds and/or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause to
the extent the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right and/or (3) with respect to Letter- of-Credit
Rights to the extent that a security interest therein cannot be perfected by filing a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement; (vii) any joinder or supplement to any Loan Guaranty, any Collateral Document and/or any other Loan Document
executed by any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.12 above may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent, include such schedules (or updates to schedules) as may be necessary to
qualify any representation or warranty set forth in any Loan Document to the extent necessary to ensure that such representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by the terms of any other Loan Document; (viii) any
time periods to comply with the foregoing Section 5.12 shall not apply to Discretionary Guarantors (provided that such entity shall not be deemed a Guarantor or Discretionary Guarantor until such entity has complied with such
requirements); and (ix) the Administrative Agent shall not require the taking of a Lien on, or require the perfection of any Lien granted in, those assets as to which the cost of obtaining or perfecting such Lien (including any mortgage, stamp,
intangibles or other tax or expenses relating to such Lien) is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.13. [Reserved]. 

Section 5.14. Further Assurances. Promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent and subject to the limitations described in
Section 5.12: 

(a) The Parent Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents,
financing statements, agreements, instruments, certificates, notices and acknowledgments and take all such further actions (including the filing and recordation of financing statements and/or amendments thereto and other documents), that may be
required under any applicable law and which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to ensure the creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the
relevant Loan Parties. 

(b) The Parent Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) correct any material defect or
error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file,
re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts (including notices to third parties), deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out
more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents. 

-118- 

Section 5.15. Post-Closing Matters. The Loan Parties shall comply with their
obligations described in Schedule 5.15, in each case, within the applicable periods of time specified in such Schedule 5.15 with respect to such item (or such longer periods as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable
discretion). 

ARTICLE VI 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Until the
Termination Date, (i) in the case of Holdings, solely with respect to Sections 6.04(b) and 6.14 and (ii) the Parent Borrower covenant and agree with the Lenders that: 

Section 6.01. Indebtedness. The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) the Secured
Obligations (including any Loans and/or Commitments); 

(b) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary and/or of any
Restricted Subsidiary to the Parent Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be expressly subordinated to the Obligations of such
Loan Party; 

(c) [reserved]; 

(d) (i) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations
(including contingent earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Capital Stock; and
(ii) Indebtedness arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Parent Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such
agreement; 

(e) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations,
bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank
guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments to support any of, or in lieu of, any of the foregoing items and (iii) in respect of commercial and trade letters of credit; 

(f) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing
cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository
network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and/or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts, including Banking Services Obligations
and dealer incentive, supplier finance or similar programs; 

(g) (i) guaranties by the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted
Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted
Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (iii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar
instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

-119- 

(h) Guarantees by the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or
other obligations of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(i) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date;
provided that (i) any such item of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount on the Closing Date in excess of $5,000,000 shall be described on Schedule 6.01, and (ii) ordinary course capital leases, purchase
money indebtedness, equipment financings, performance bonds, bank guarantees, letters of credit, guarantees and surety bonds existing as of the Closing Date need not be described on Schedule 6.01; 

(j) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness not to
exceed the greater of $171,000,000 and 65.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus amounts under this Section 6.01(j) reallocated to Section 6.01(u); 

(k) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or
similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted
Subsidiary consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and/or (iii) obligations to reacquire assets or
inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business; 

(m) (i) Indebtedness of the Parent
Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to purchase money Indebtedness incurred prior to or within two hundred seventy (270) days of the acquisition, lease, completion of construction, repair of, replacement, improvement to or
installation of assets (or Capital Stock of any Person owning any such assets) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of $145,000,000 and 55.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and 

(ii) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to Capital Leases (including Capital Lease obligations
or rental payments in respect of any property Disposed of pursuant to any Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted pursuant to Section 6.07); 

(n) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness assumed, in each case, in connection with an acquisition or
Investment permitted hereunder after the Closing Date; provided that (i) such Indebtedness (A) existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or the assets subject to such Indebtedness were acquired and (B) was
not created or incurred in anticipation thereof, (ii) no Event of Default exists or would result after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition or similar Investment and (iii) solely to the extent the principal amount thereof
acquired in such acquisition or Investment exceeds the greater of $95,000,000 and an amount equal to 35.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of 6.25:1.00 and the Total Leverage Ratio as of the then
most recently completed fiscal quarter, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis; 

(o) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued by the
Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any stockholder of any Parent Company or any current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager or consultant of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower or any subsidiary (or
their respective Immediate Family Members) to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock of any Parent Company permitted by Section 6.04(a); 

-120- 

(p) the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may become and remain liable for any
Indebtedness refinancing, refunding or replacing any Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (i), (j), (m), (n), (q), (r), (u), (w), (x), (z) and (ii) and this
clause (p) of this Section 6.01 (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness) and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of existing
Refinancing Indebtedness under this clause (p); provided, that: 

(i) the principal amount of such
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus
commitment, underwriting, arrangement and similar fees, other reasonable and customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection with the relevant
refinancing, refunding or replacement, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 (provided that (1) any
additional Indebtedness referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this Section 6.01 (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of
the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Indebtedness satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 6.02);

(ii) (x) other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clauses (a), (i),
(j), (m), (n), (r), (u), (x) and (z) of this Section 6.01 (and other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date of not longer than one (1) year which are converted
into, exchanged for, extended to or otherwise refinanced with Indebtedness subject to the requirements of this clause (ii)), and subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, (A) such Indebtedness has a final maturity
on or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) the earlier of (1) ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date and (2) the final maturity of the
Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, and subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than
the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (other than to the extent resulting from a change in the final maturity date permitted under clause (A)(1) above) and (y) in the case of
Refinancing Indebtedness incurred with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01, such Indebtedness shall satisfy the requirements of Section 9.02(c)(i)(B) or
Section 9.02(c)(ii)(B), as applicable; 

(iii) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to
Indebtedness permitted under clauses (j), (m), (u), (w), (x) and (z) of this Section 6.01, the incurrence thereof shall be without duplication of any amounts outstanding in reliance on the relevant clause
and after the incurrence thereof, shall constitute amounts outstanding under such clause; 

-121- 

(iv) except in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of
Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 (it being understood that Holdings may not be the primary obligor of the applicable Refinancing Indebtedness if Holdings was not the primary obligor on the relevant
refinanced Indebtedness), (A) such Indebtedness, if secured, is secured only by Permitted Liens at the time of such refinancing, refunding or replacement (it being understood that secured Indebtedness may be refinanced with unsecured
Indebtedness), (B) such Indebtedness is incurred by the obligor or obligors in respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.01, and (C) if
the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced was originally contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Liens securing such Indebtedness were originally contractually subordinated to the Liens on the
Collateral securing the Secured Obligations), such Refinancing Indebtedness is contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Refinancing Liens securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral
securing the Secured Obligations and subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), except to the extent the refinancing, refunding or replacement thereof constitutes a Restricted Debt Payment permitted under Section 6.04(b) (other
than Section 6.04(b)(i)) or does not constitute a Restricted Debt Payment; 

(v) no Event of Default exists or
would result therefrom; 

(vi) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under
clause (a) of this Section 6.01, (A) such Indebtedness is pari passu or junior in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu or junior basis with respect to the remaining Obligations
hereunder and shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, or is unsecured, (B) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is secured, it is not secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (C) if the
Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is Guaranteed, it shall not be Guaranteed by any Person other than a Loan Party and (D) such Indebtedness shall satisfy the requirements of Section 9.02(c)(i)(I) or
Section 9.02(c)(ii)(I), as applicable; and 

(vii) any such Refinancing Indebtedness that is pari passu
with the First Priority Secured Obligations hereunder in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with respect to the First Priority Secured Obligations may participate, with respect to voluntary prepayments on
a pro rata basis, a less than pro rata basis or greater than pro rata basis, and with respect to mandatory Prepayments, on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata
basis), in each case, in respect of the Initial Term Loans (and any other Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements), in each case as the Parent Borrower and the relevant lender may agree; 

(q) Indebtedness incurred to finance, or assumed in connection with, any acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder after the Closing Date;
provided, that (i) before and after giving effect to such acquisition or Investment on a Pro Forma Basis, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (ii) after giving effect to such acquisition or Investment on a Pro Forma
Basis (without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness), solely to the extent the principal amount thereof acquired in such acquisition or Investment exceeds the greater of $70,000,000 and an amount equal to 25.0% of Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA, (A) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment with the Obligations,
(1) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (2) the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 4.50:1.00 and (y) the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most
recently ended Test Period, and (3) any such Indebtedness consisting of syndicated first lien term loans (other than bridge loans) shall be subject to clause (v) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) (including
with respect to exceptions, limitations and thresholds thereunder), (B) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (1) such Indebtedness shall be
subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and 

-122- 

(2) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed the greater of (x) 5.75:1.00 and (y) the Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, and
(C) if such Indebtedness is not secured by a Lien on the Collateral (including all Indebtedness of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary), either (1) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 6.25:1.00 and (y) the Total
Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or (2) the pro forma Net Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than the lesser of (A) 2.00:1.00 and (B) the Net Interest Coverage Ratio as of the then most
recently ended Test Period, (iii) such Indebtedness does not mature prior to the Latest Maturity Date as of the date of incurrence thereof, (iv) no such incurred (but not assumed) Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral
shall be guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party or secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (v) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any such incurred (but
not assumed) Indebtedness shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayment thereof) and (vi) such Indebtedness of Loan Parties shall be
subject to clause (x) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a); 

(r) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any
Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 200% of the amount of Net Proceeds received by the Parent Borrower (Contribution Indebtedness) from (i) the issuance or sale of Qualified
Capital Stock or (ii) any cash contribution to its Capital Stock, in each case, (A) other than any Net Proceeds received from the sale of Capital Stock to, or contributions from, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries,
(B) to the extent the relevant Net Proceeds have not otherwise been applied to increase the Available Amount or to make any Restricted Payments or Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries hereunder and (C) other than Cure
Amounts under and as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement; 

(s) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
under any Derivative Transaction not entered into for speculative purposes; 

(t) [reserved]; 

(u) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed
(i) the sum of (A) the greater of $171,000,000 and 65.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.01(u) from Section 6.01(j) and Section 6.04(a)(xi) minus
(ii) any amounts under this Section 6.01(u) (after giving effect to clause (i)(A)) reallocated to clause (d) of the Fixed Incremental Amount and Section 6.01(x); 

(v) [reserved]; 

(w) Indebtedness
of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and on a Pro Forma Basis (without netting the Cash proceeds of such Indebtedness), (i) if such Indebtedness is
secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment with the Obligations, (A) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable
Intercreditor Agreement, (B) the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.50:1.00 and (C) any such Indebtedness consisting of syndicated first lien term loans (other than bridge loans) shall be subject to clause
(v) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) (including with respect to exceptions, limitations and thresholds thereunder), (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the
First Priority Secured Obligations, (A) such Indebtedness shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and (B) the Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed 5.75:1.00, and (iii) if such Indebtedness is not secured by the
Collateral (including all Indebtedness of any Non-Guarantor Subsidiary), either (A) the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 6.25:1.00 or (B) the pro forma Net Interest Coverage Ratio would not be

-123- 

less than 2.00:1.00; provided, that (1) solely if the Total Leverage Ratio would be greater than 6.25:1.00 after giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of such Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed the sum of (x) the greater of $135,000,000 and 50.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (y) any other Indebtedness permitted to be
incurred by such Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties under this Section 6.01, (2) no such Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral shall be guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party or secured
by any assets other than the Collateral, (3) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, such Indebtedness does not mature prior to the Latest Maturity Date as of the date of incurrence thereof, (4) subject to the
Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness, Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any such Indebtedness shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing Class of Term Loans (without giving
effect to any prepayment thereof) and (5) such Indebtedness of Loan Parties shall be subject to clause (x) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a); 

(x) (1) Indebtedness under the ABL Facility (including any Incremental Loans and Refinancing Indebtedness (each as
defined in the ABL Credit Agreement or any equivalent term under the documentation governing the ABL Facility)) and any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement or any equivalent term under the documentation
governing the ABL Facility) in an aggregate principal amount that does not exceed at any time the sum of (A) $150,000,000 plus (B) an amount equal to the Incremental Cap (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement as in
effect on the Closing Date) plus (C) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.01(x) from Section 6.01(u) and (2) any Banking Services Obligations and Secured Hedging Obligations, as
such terms are defined in the ABL Credit Agreement or any equivalent term in any other ABL Facility; 

(y) Indebtedness of the Parent
Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with (i) a Specified Lease Transaction or (ii) a NMTC Transaction; 

(z) Indebtedness (and/or commitments in respect thereof) issued or incurred by the Parent Borrower or any Guarantors in lieu of any Incremental
Facility (such Indebtedness, Incremental Equivalent Debt); provided that (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount (or committed amount, if applicable) of all Incremental Equivalent Debt, together with the
aggregate outstanding principal amount (or committed amount, if applicable) of all Incremental Facilities shall not exceed the Incremental Cap to the extent constituting a utilization thereof as provided pursuant to Section 2.22,
(ii) any Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred in the form of syndicated term loans secured by a Lien on the Collateral on a senior basis pari passu with the First Priority Secured Obligations and pari passu in right of payment
with the Obligations shall be subject to clause (v) of the proviso to Section 2.22(a) (including with respect to exceptions, limitations and thresholds thereunder), and (iii) Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject
to clauses (vi), (vii), (viii), (ix), (x) and (xi) (except, in the case of clause (xi), as otherwise agreed by the Persons providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt) of the proviso to
Section 2.22(a); 

(aa) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds,
performance bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto),
other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits; 

(bb) Indebtedness of the
Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (i) deferred compensation to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, and consultants of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
in the ordinary course of business and (ii) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereby; 

-124- 

(cc) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any
letter of credit or bank guarantee issued in favor of any issuing lender under the ABL Facility to support any Defaulting Lenders participation in letters of credit issued or swingline loans made under the ABL Facility; 

(dd) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any letter of credit otherwise permitted to be incurred
hereunder; 

(ee) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Parent Borrower and/or
any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default to exist under Section 7.01(i); 

(ff) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind
interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; 

(gg) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations under the documentation governing any Permitted Acquisition or Investment; 

(hh) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the
ordinary course of business; 

(ii) Indebtedness of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary relating to any asset
securitization transaction involving accounts receivable, factoring or similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business or otherwise for working capital and general corporate purposes; and 

(jj) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to fund working capital requirements in an aggregate outstanding
principal amount of such Indebtedness not to exceed the greater of $26,000,000 and 10.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 

Section 6.02. Liens. The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur,
assume or permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property of any kind owned by it, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except: 

(a) Liens securing the Secured Obligations created pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(b) Liens for Taxes which are (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (ii) which are not required to be
paid pursuant to Section 5.03; 

(c) statutory Liens (and rights of set-off) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen,
mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than thirty (30) days or (ii) for amounts that are overdue
by more than thirty (30) days and that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP shall have been made for any such contested amounts; 

-125- 

(d) Liens incurred (i) in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security laws and regulations, (ii) in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal
bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of Cash or Cash
Equivalents in the ordinary course of business securing (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance to Holdings and its subsidiaries or
(y) leases or licenses of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the
items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above; 

(e) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way,
restrictions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and other minor defects or irregularities affecting any Real Estate Assets, in each case which do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the
business of the Parent Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the use of the affected property for its intended purpose; 

(f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sub-lessor under any lease of real estate not prohibited hereunder,
(ii) landlord lien permitted by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sub-lessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sub-lessee
under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii); 

(g) Liens (i) solely on any Cash
earnest money deposits made by the Parent Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment permitted hereunder or (ii) consisting of an agreement to
Dispose or any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.07; 

(h) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of
precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the
importation of goods; 

(j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental
Authority to control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order; 

(k) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(p), subject, to the extent required thereby, to an
Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; provided that no such Lien extends to any asset not covered by the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is being refinanced unless (except in the case of Sections 6.01(a), (x) and
(z), which shall be limited to the Collateral and in the case of Section 6.01(x), the ABL Priority Collateral and other current assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are borrowers or guarantors under the ABL Facility or ABL
Incremental Equivalent Debt), such Lien is a Permitted Lien, except as otherwise provided in Section 6.01(p); 

(l)
(i) Liens existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date; provided, that any such Lien securing obligations on the Closing Date in excess of $5,000,000 shall be described on Schedule 6.02 and (ii) Liens
securing ordinary course capital leases, purchase money indebtedness, equipment financings, performance bonds, bank guarantees, letters of credit, guarantees and 

-126- 

surety bonds existing as of the Closing Date, which need not be described on Schedule 6.02; providedfurther that no such Lien extends to any additional property other than
(A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, (B) proceeds and products thereof, accessions, replacements or
additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such
lender or its affiliates), and (C) Permitted Liens; 

(m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted under
Section 6.07 and securing Indebtedness Capital Lease Obligations arising from such Sale and Lease-Back Transactions; 

(n) Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(m); provided that any such Lien shall encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, accessions, replacements or
additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such
lender or its affiliates) together with any other Permitted Liens; 

(o) (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to
Section 6.01(n) on the relevant acquired assets or on the Capital Stock and assets of the relevant newly acquired Restricted Subsidiary; provided that no such Lien (x) extends to or covers any other assets (other than the
proceeds or products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon) or (y) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of assets or Capital Stock, and (ii) Liens securing Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to clause (ii)(A) or (ii)(B) of the proviso in Section 6.01(q) subject, to the extent required thereby, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks
not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course
of business of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and
(D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit
Accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of law or under customary
general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions general
terms and conditions, (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness
pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction and (vii) Liens of the type described in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) securing obligations under
Sections 6.01(f) and/or 6.01(s); 

(q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties
(including Capital Stock owned by such Persons but excluding any Capital Stock that is required to be pledged as Collateral) securing Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted pursuant to Section 6.01;

-127- 

(r) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for
borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Parent Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(s) Liens securing (i) Indebtedness (and related obligations) incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(x); provided that such
Liens are subject to the ABL Intercreditor Agreement if secured on a Split Collateral Basis or an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof if secured on a senior pari passu
basis with the First Priority Secured Obligations, in each case, to the extent such Liens extend to the Collateral, and (ii) Indebtedness (and related obligations) incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(z), subject, if applicable, to an
Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(t) Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any
time outstanding not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of $171,000,000 and 65.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) to the extent any amounts are reallocated from Section 6.04(a)(xi) to
Section 6.01(u), an amount equal to such reallocated amount, minus (ii) to the extent any amounts are reallocated from Section 6.01(u) to clause (d) of the Fixed Incremental Amount or
Section 6.01(x), an amount equal to such reallocated amount, subject, to the extent applicable, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(u) Liens on assets securing judgments, awards, attachments and/or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to
litigation being contested in good faith not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(h); 

(v) leases, licenses,
subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or
(ii) secure any Indebtedness; 

(w) Liens on Securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments
permitted under Section 6.06 arising out of such repurchase transaction; 

(x) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters
of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 6.01(d), (e), (g), (aa), (cc), (hh) and (ii); 

(y) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any assets or property
in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or similar law of any jurisdiction); 

(z) Liens (i) in favor of any Loan Party and/or (ii) granted by any non-Loan Party in favor of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not
a Loan Party, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), securing intercompany Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01; 

(aa) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 

(bb) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Persons obligations in respect of
documentary letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods; 

-128- 

(cc) Liens securing (i) obligations under Hedge Agreements in connection with any
Derivative Transaction of the type described in Section 6.01(s) and/or (ii) obligations of the type described in Section 6.01(f); 

(dd) (i) Liens on Capital Stock of joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such
Persons and (ii) customary call/put rights, rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non- Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; 

(ee) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; 

(ff) Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements relating to any asset securitization transaction involving accounts receivable,
factoring or similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business or otherwise for working capital and general corporate purposes; 

(gg) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(w), so long as the condition described in clause
(i) or clause (ii), as applicable, of Section 6.01(w) has been satisfied and subject, to the extent required thereby, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(hh) Liens securing obligations permitted under Section 6.01(e); 

(ii) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(ii), so long as such Liens only extend to the receivables and
related assets subject to such asset securitization transaction involving accounts receivable, factoring or similar arrangements; 

(jj)
Liens arising out of (a) Specified Lease Transactions or (b) NMTC Transactions. 

Section 6.03. No Further Negative
Pledges. The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any agreement prohibiting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to the Obligations, except with respect to: 

(a) specific property to be sold pursuant to any
Disposition permitted by Section 6.07; 

(b) restrictions contained in any agreement with respect to Indebtedness permitted by
Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien, but only if such restrictions apply only to the Person or Persons obligated under such Indebtedness and its or their Restricted Subsidiaries or the property or assets securing such
Indebtedness; 

(c) restrictions contained in any ABL Facility and the documentation governing Indebtedness permitted by clauses (i),
(j), (m), (n), (p), (q), (u), (w), (x), (z) and/or (ii) of Section 6.01, in each case, to the extent such restriction does not restrict the Secured
Obligations from being secured by assets that constitute Collateral; 

(d) restrictions by reason of customary provisions restricting
assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (provided that such restrictions are
limited to the relevant leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or other agreements and/or the property or assets secured by such Liens or the property or assets subject to such leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or other agreements, as the
case may be); 

-129- 

(e) Permitted Liens and restrictions in the agreements relating thereto that limit the right
of the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to Dispose of, or encumber the assets subject to such Liens; 

(f) provisions
limiting the Disposition or distribution of assets or property in joint venture agreements, sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements, which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such
agreements (or the Persons the Capital Stock of which is the subject of such agreement); 

(g) any encumbrance or restriction assumed in
connection with an acquisition of the property or Capital Stock of any Person, so long as such encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the property so acquired (or to the Person or Persons (and its or their subsidiaries) bound thereby) and was
not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; 

(h) restrictions imposed by customary provisions in partnership
agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements that restrict the transfer of the assets of, or ownership interests in, the relevant partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture or any similar Person; 

(i) restrictions on Cash or other deposits imposed by Persons under contracts entered into
in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash or other deposits exist; 

(j) restrictions set forth in documents which
exist on the Closing Date; 

(k) restrictions set forth in any Loan Document, any Hedge Agreement and/or any agreement relating to any
Banking Services Obligation; 

(l) restrictions contained in documents governing Indebtedness permitted hereunder of any Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; 

(m) restrictions on any asset (or all of the assets) of and/or the Capital Stock of the Parent
Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any Disposition of such asset (or assets) and/or all or a portion of the Capital Stock of the relevant Person that is permitted or
not restricted by this Agreement; 

(n) restrictions set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the
Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to Dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto; 

(o) restrictions contained in any
agreement with respect to any NMTC Transaction; and 

(p) restrictions or encumbrances imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement,
renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above; provided that no such amendment, modification,
restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Parent Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such encumbrances and other restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in
effect prior to the relevant amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 

-130- 

Section 6.04. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness. 

(a) The Parent Borrower shall not pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that: 

(i) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to the extent necessary to permit any Parent Company: 

(A) to pay general administrative costs and expenses (including corporate overhead, legal or similar expenses, expenses to
prepare any Tax returns or defend any Tax claims, and customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers and/or consultants of any Parent Company) and franchise fees and Taxes and
similar fees, Taxes and expenses required to enable such Parent Company to maintain its organizational existence or qualification to do business, in each case, which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business,
plus any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company, in each case, to the extent attributable to the ownership or operations of any
Parent Company and its subsidiaries (but excluding the portion of such amount that is attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries); 

(B) to pay scheduled and overdue interest and payments as part of an AHYDO catch-up payment, in each case, in respect of any
Indebtedness of any Parent Company to the extent the Net Proceeds thereof were contributed to the Parent Borrower; 

(C) to
pay audit and other accounting and reporting expenses of such Parent Company to the extent attributable to any Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such expenses, if any, attributable to the ownership or
operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and/or its subsidiaries), the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries; 

(D) for the payment of insurance premiums to the extent attributable to any Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance
of doubt, the portion of any such premiums, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and/or its subsidiaries), the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries; 

(E) pay (x) fees and expenses related to debt or equity offerings by any Parent Company, investments or acquisitions
permitted or not restricted by this Agreement (whether or not consummated) and (y) Public Company Costs; 

(F) to
finance any Investment permitted under Section 6.06 (provided that (x) any Restricted Payment under this clause (a)(i)(F) shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (y) the
relevant Parent Company shall, promptly following the closing thereof, cause (I) all property acquired to be contributed to the Parent Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or (II) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation of
the 

-131- 

Person formed or acquired into the Parent Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in order to consummate such Investment in compliance with the applicable requirements of
Section 6.06 as if undertaken as a direct Investment by the Parent Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary); and 

(G) to pay customary salary, bonus, severance and other benefits payable to current or former directors, officers, members of
management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company (or any Immediate Family Member of any of the foregoing) to the extent such salary, bonuses and other benefits are attributable and reasonably allocated to the operations of the
Parent Borrower and/or its subsidiaries, in each case, so long as such Parent Company applies the amount of any such Restricted Payment for such purpose; 

(ii) the Parent Borrower may pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow any Parent Company to pay) for the repurchase,
redemption, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Capital Stock of any Parent Company or any subsidiary held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any
Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower or any subsidiary: 

(A) in
accordance with the terms of promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 6.01(o), so long as the aggregate amount of all Cash payments made in respect of such promissory notes, together with the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments
made pursuant to sub-clause (D) of this clause (ii) below, does not exceed in any Fiscal Year the greater of $32,000,000 and 12.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which, if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward
to subsequent Fiscal Years; 

(B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower or
any Parent Company (to the extent such proceeds are contributed in respect of Qualified Capital Stock to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary); 

(C) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies; or 

(D) with Cash and Cash Equivalents in an amount not to exceed in any Fiscal Year, together with the aggregate amount of all
cash payments made pursuant to sub-clause (A) of this clause (ii) in respect of promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 6.01(o), the greater of $32,000,000 and 12.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which, if
not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years; 

(iii) the Parent Borrower may make
Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Parent Borrower elects to apply to this clause (iii); 

(iv) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments (i) to any Parent Company to enable such Parent Company to make Cash
payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of such Parent Company and (ii) consisting of (A) payments
made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, 

-132- 

present or former officers, directors, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Parent Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company or any of their respective
Immediate Family Members and/or (B) repurchases of Capital Stock in consideration of the payments described in sub-clause (A) above, including demand repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options; 

(v) the Parent Borrower may repurchase (or make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to repurchase) Capital
Stock upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock if such Capital Stock represents all or a portion of the exercise price of, or Tax withholdings with respect to, such warrants,
options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock as part of a cashless exercise; 

(vi) (A) for any taxable period (or portion thereof) that a Parent Company is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal
income tax purposes and for which a Borrower and/or any of its subsidiaries are members (or are pass-through entities of such members) of a consolidated, combined, unitary or similar income Tax group for U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income
Tax purposes (a Tax Group) for which a parent is the common parent, the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to such parent to pay the portion of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income Taxes (as applicable) of
such parent for such taxable period that are attributable to the income of the Parent Borrower and/or its applicable subsidiaries; provided that the aggregate amount of such distributions shall not exceed the aggregate Taxes the Parent
Borrower and/or its subsidiaries, as applicable, would be required to pay in respect of such U.S. federal, state, local and foreign Taxes on a stand-alone consolidated basis for such taxable period; provided further that the amount of such
distributions with respect to any Unrestricted Subsidiary for any taxable period shall be limited to the amount actually paid by such Unrestricted Subsidiary to a Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for such purpose and (B) without
duplication of amounts payable under clause (A), the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to pay the Taxes of such Tax Group attributable to the Performance Chemicals Sale; 

(vii) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to pay Transaction
Costs; 

(viii) so long as no Event of Default exists at the time of declaration of such Restricted Payment the Parent
Borrower may (or may make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to) make Restricted Payments with respect to any Capital Stock not to exceed an aggregate amount per annum equal to the sum of (A) $40,000,000 and (B) an
amount equal to 7% of Market Capitalization; 

(ix) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to (i) redeem,
repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any (A) Capital Stock (Treasury Capital Stock) of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary or (B) Capital Stock of any Parent Company, in the case of each of
subclauses (A) and (B), in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower or any
Parent Company to the extent any such proceeds are contributed to the capital of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock (Refunding Capital Stock) and (ii) declare and pay
dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock; 

-133- 

(x) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the Parent Borrower may
consummate any transaction permitted by Section 6.06 (other than Sections 6.06(j) and (t)), Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(g)) and Section 6.09 (other than
Section 6.09(d)); 

(xi) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed
the greater of $95,000,000 and 35.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus the sum of (A) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to make Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(iv)
(B) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to make Investments pursuant to Section 6.06(q), and (C) any amounts under this Section 6.04(a)(xi) reallocated to incur Indebtedness pursuant
to Section 6.01(u) (which may be further reallocated as provided therein); 

(xii) the Parent Borrower may pay
any dividend or consummate any redemption within sixty (60) days after the date of the declaration thereof or the provision of a redemption notice with respect thereto, as the case may be, if at the date of such declaration or notice, the
dividend or redemption notice would have complied with the provisions hereof; 

(xiii) the Parent Borrower may make
Restricted Payments so long as (A) no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and (B) the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis at the time of declaration thereof, would not exceed 4.50:1.00; 

(xiv) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments to enable any Parent Company to make Restricted Payments solely in the
Qualified Capital Stock of such Parent Company; 

(xv) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments (A) to pay
amounts permitted under Section 6.09(f), (g), (h), (i), (k) and (m) and (B) otherwise in an amount not to exceed $500,000 per calendar year; 

(xvi) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments in the form of Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to Holdings, the
Parent Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which are Cash and Cash Equivalents (except to the extent constituting proceeds from the Disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of such Unrestricted Subsidiary) and/or intellectual property material (as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith) to the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole);
and 

(xvii) the Parent Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $450,000,000 (the
Special Dividend). 

(b) The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any
payment (whether in Cash, securities or other property) on or in respect of principal of (x) any Junior Lien Indebtedness or (y) any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each cases of clauses (x) and (y), with an individual
outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (such Indebtedness under clauses (x) and (y), in each case, with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, the Restricted
Debt), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Restricted Debt prior to its scheduled maturity (collectively, Restricted
Debt Payments), except: 

-134- 

(i) any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment or other
acquisition or retirement of any Restricted Debt made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 (except to the extent subject to clause (iv)(C) of the proviso to
Section 6.01(p)); 

(ii) payments as part of an AHYDO catch-up payment; 

(iii) payments of regularly scheduled interest as and when due in respect of any Restricted Debt, except for any payments with
respect to any such Subordinated Indebtedness that are prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof; 

(iv) so long
as, at the time of delivery of irrevocable notice with respect thereto, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) the sum of (A) the greater of $95,000,000 and
35.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and (B) any amounts reallocated to this Section 6.04(b)(iv) from Section 6.04(a)(xi) and Section 6.06(q), minus (ii) any amounts reallocated from this
Section 6.04(b)(iv) to make Investments pursuant to Section 6.06(q); 

(v) (A) Restricted Debt
Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary, (B) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Restricted Debt into Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary and (C) to the extent
constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in- kind interest with respect to any Restricted Debt that is permitted under Section 6.01; 

(vi) Restricted Debt Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the
Parent Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi); 

(vii) Restricted Debt Payments; provided that the Total
Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, would not exceed 4.50:1.00; 

(viii) mandatory prepayments of Restricted
Debt (and related payments of interest) made with Declined Proceeds (it being understood that any Declined Proceeds applied to make Restricted Debt Payments in reliance on this Section 6.04(b)(viii) shall not increase the amount
available under clause (a)(viii) of the definition of Available Amount to the extent so applied); and 

(ix) Restricted Debt Payments with respect to any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any NMTC Transaction. 

Section 6.05. Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions. Except as provided herein or in any other Loan Document, the ABL Facility
Documentation, any document with respect to any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined herein) and/or in agreements with respect to refinancings, renewals or replacements of such Indebtedness that are permitted by
Section 6.01, the Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or cause to exist any agreement restricting the ability of (i) any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower to pay dividends
or other distributions to the Parent Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary to make cash loans or advances to the Parent Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, except: 

(a) in any agreement evidencing (i) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by
Section 6.01, (ii) Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or
the property or assets intended to secure such Indebtedness and (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses (i), (j), (m), (n), (p), (q), (u), (w), (x) and/or
(z) of Section 6.01; 

-135- 

(b) by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers
(including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with
respect to any property, assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; 

(d) assumed in connection with any
acquisition of property or the Capital Stock of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons) and/or property so
acquired (or to the Person or Persons (and its or their subsidiaries) bound thereby) and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; 

(e) in any agreement for any Disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the property and/or assets thereof) that
restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such Disposition; 

(f) in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any
class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; 

(g) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements,
limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements, sale-leaseback agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements; 

(h) on Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course
of business or for whose benefit such Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist; 

(i) set forth in documents which
exist on the Closing Date and not created in contemplation thereof; 

(j) those arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to
any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, taken as a whole (as determined in
good faith by the Parent Borrower); 

(k) those arising under or as a result of applicable law, rule, regulation or order or the terms of
any license, authorization, concession or permit; 

(l) those arising in any Loan Document and/or any Loan Document (as defined in the ABL
Credit Agreement), any Hedge Agreement and/or any agreement relating to any Banking Services Obligation; 

-136- 

(m) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01; provided that no such
restrictions are, in the good faith judgment of the Parent Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in any Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date (including under this Agreement and the ABL Credit
Agreement); 

(n) in any agreement with respect to any NMTC Transaction; and/or 

(o) those imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any
contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in
the good faith judgment of the Parent Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement
or refinancing. 

Section 6.06. Investments. The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, make or own any Investment in any other Person except: 

(a) Cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents at the time
made; 

(b) (i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in any subsidiary and (ii) Investments among the Parent Borrower and/or
one or more Restricted Subsidiaries in any Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower; 

(c)
Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments and/or other credits to suppliers, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and/or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors,
suppliers, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or, in the case of clause (iii), to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary;

(d) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries or in joint ventures (including in connection with the creation, formation and/or acquisition
of any joint venture, or in any Restricted Subsidiary to enable such Restricted Subsidiary to make an Investment in joint ventures, including to create, form and/or acquire any joint venture) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the
greater of $115,000,000 and 45.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA; 

(e) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date, which, to the extent individually
greater than $5,000,000 are described on Schedule 6.06 and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, renewal or extension thereof
increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06); 

(g)
Investments received in lieu of Cash in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition; 

(h) loans or advances to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent
contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and its subsidiaries and/or any joint venture to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in connection with such Persons purchase of
Capital 

-137- 

Stock of any Parent Company, either (i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of $15,000,000 and 5.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA at any one time outstanding or
(ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Parent Borrower for the purchase of such Capital Stock; 

(i) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade
credit in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Investments consisting of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than
Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.01(b) and (h)), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(a)(x)), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by
Section 6.04 and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a) (if made in reliance on subclause
(ii)(y) of the proviso thereto), Section 6.07(c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and Section 6.07(g)) and affiliate transactions permitted by Section 6.09 (other than
Section 6.09(d)); 

(k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and
customary trade arrangements with customers; 

(l) Investments (including debt obligations and Capital Stock) received (i) in
connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) upon
foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and/or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes; 

(m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers,
managers or consultants of any Parent Company (to the extent such payments or other compensation relate to services provided to such Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, attributable to
the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Parent Borrower and/or its subsidiaries)), the Parent Borrower and/or any subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Capital Stock of any Parent Company or Capital Stock (other than
Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control; 

(o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person acquired by, or merged into or
consolidated or amalgamated with, the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 to the extent that such Investments were not made
in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement,
renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this Section 6.06(o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except as otherwise
permitted by this Section 6.06; 

(p) Investments made in connection with the Transactions; 

-138- 

(q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Parent Borrower and/or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the greater of $171,000,000 and 65.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, (B) any amounts reallocated to this
Section 6.06(q) from Section 6.04(a)(xi) and Section 6.04(b)(iv), and (C) with respect to any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower if the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries made an Investment in such Person after the Closing Date prior to such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, the Fair Market Value of such Investments as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, minus
(ii) any amounts reallocated from this Section 6.06(q) to make Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(iv);

(r) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Parent Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an amount not to exceed the
portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Parent Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r); 

(s)
(i) Guarantees of leases (other than Capital Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness and (ii) Guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Parent Borrower and/or its
Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; 

(t) Investments in any Parent Company in amounts and for
purposes for which Restricted Payments to such Parent Company are permitted under Section 6.04(a); provided that any Investment made as provided above in lieu of any such Restricted Payment shall reduce availability under the
applicable Restricted Payment basket under Section 6.04(a); 

(u) [reserved] 

(v) Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures in connection with reorganizations and related activities related to tax planning;
provided that, after giving effect to any such reorganization and/or related activity, the security interest of the Administrative Agent in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is not materially impaired; 

(w) Investments under any Derivative Transaction of the type permitted under Section 6.01(s); 

(x) [reserved]; 

(y) Investments
made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements in effect on the Closing Date (other than any modification,
replacement, renewal or extension of such Investments so long as no such modification, renewal or extension thereof increased the amount of any such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06);

(z) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities (whether or not such amounts are then being
amortized and paid) to the extent that they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law; 

(aa) Investments in any Borrower, any
subsidiary and/or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business; 

(bb) Investments so long as, after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00:1.00; 

-139- 

(cc) Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint
marketing arrangements with other Persons; 

(dd) Investments in similar businesses in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to
exceed the greater of $171,000,000 and 65.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA; and 

(ee) Investments made in connection with any NMTC
Transaction. 

Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets. The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or make any Disposition of any assets in a single
transaction or in a series of related transactions, except: 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with
or into the Parent Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the Parent Borrower, (A) the Parent Borrower shall be the continuing or
surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not the Parent Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower), (x) the Successor Borrower shall be an
entity organized or existing under the law of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (y) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the Parent Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and concurrently with the consummation of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, 100% of the Capital Stock of the Successor Borrower shall be pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and
(z)(1) except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree, each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations
under the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan Documents and (2) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary legal opinions; it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses
(x) through (z) are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Parent Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (ii) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or
amalgamation with or into any Subsidiary Guarantor, either (x) such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the continuing or surviving Person shall expressly assume the guarantee obligations of the Subsidiary
Guarantor in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (y) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06; 

(b) Dispositions (including of Capital Stock) among the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or
otherwise); provided that any such Disposition by any Loan Party to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be (i) for Fair Market Value with at least 75% of the consideration for such Disposition consisting of Cash or Cash Equivalents
at the time of such Disposition or (ii) treated as an Investment and otherwise made in compliance with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof); 

(c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Parent Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation
or dissolution is in the best interests of the Parent Borrower, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary;
provided that in the case of any liquidation or dissolution of any Loan Party that results in a distribution of assets to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such distribution shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply
with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof); (ii) any merger, amalgamation, 

-140- 

dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition otherwise permitted under this Section 6.07 (other than clause (a),
clause (b) or this clause (c)) or (B) any Investment permitted under Section 6.06; and (iii) the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may be converted into another form of entity, in each case, so
long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or Collateral, if any; 

(d) (x) Dispositions of
inventory or equipment in the ordinary course of business (including on an intercompany basis) and (y) the leasing or subleasing of real property in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, used or worn out property or other property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Parent Borrower, is
(A) no longer useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower) or (B) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain; 

(f) Dispositions of Cash Equivalents or other assets that were Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made; 

(g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute Investments permitted pursuant to
Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(j)), Permitted Liens and Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than Section 6.04(a)(ix)); 

(h) Dispositions for Fair Market Value; provided that with respect to any such Disposition with a purchase price in excess of the
greater of $105,000,000 and 40.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, at least 75% of the consideration for such Disposition shall consist of Cash or Cash Equivalents; provided, that for purposes of the 75% Cash consideration requirement,
(w) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Parent Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Persons most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto)) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Parent Borrower and/or its
applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing, (x) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition,
(y) any Securities received by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash or Cash Equivalents received) within one hundred
eighty (180) days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (z) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated
Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (z) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of $105,000,000 and 40.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, shall be deemed to be Cash;
provided, further, that (x) on the date on which the agreement governing such Disposition is executed, no Event of Default shall exist and (y) the Net Proceeds of such Disposition shall be applied and/or reinvested as (and to
the extent) required by Section 2.11(b)(ii); 

(i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit
against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 

(j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangements between joint venture
or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and/or similar binding arrangements; 

-141- 

(k) Dispositions of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including any
discount and/or forgiveness thereof) and any asset securitization transaction involving accounts receivable, factoring or similar arrangement or in connection with the collection or compromise of any of the foregoing; 

(l) Dispositions and/or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source
license), which (i) do not materially interfere with the business of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product line; 

(m) (i) any termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of
real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any
similar proceeding); 

(o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real
property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed; 

(p) Dispositions in connection with the
Transactions; 

(q) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in connection with any acquisition permitted hereunder and sales of Real Estate
Assets acquired in any acquisition permitted hereunder; provided that (i) the Net Proceeds received in connection with any such Disposition shall be applied and/or reinvested as (and to the extent required) by
Section 2.11(b)(ii) and (ii) no Event of Default exists on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed; 

(r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign
jurisdiction), of property or assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower) for like property or assets; provided that (i) upon the consummation of any such exchange
or swap by any Loan Party, to the extent the property received does not constitute an Excluded Asset, the Administrative Agent has a perfected Lien with the same priority as the Lien held on the Real Estate Assets so exchanged or swapped and
(ii) any Net Proceeds received as cash boot in connection with any such transaction shall be applied and/or reinvested as (and to the extent required) by Section 2.11(b)(ii); 

(s) Dispositions set forth on Schedule 6.07(s); 

(t) (i) licensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property or IP Rights of the Parent Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuances or registrations, or applications for issuances or registrations, of IP Rights, which, in the
reasonable good faith determination of the Parent Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, or are no longer economical to maintain in light of its use; 

(u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions; 

-142- 

(v) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other Securities of,
Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 

(w) Dispositions of Real Estate Assets and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with
relocation activities for directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Parent Company, the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any agency of the U.S. Federal government, any state, authority or other regulatory body or
any applicable Requirement of Law; 

(y) any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to
reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and/or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction; 

(z) any sale of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter; 

(aa) Dispositions involving assets having a Fair Market Value in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year of not more than the greater of $95,000,000
and 35.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years; 

(bb)
Sale and Lease-Back Transactions of assets having a Fair Market Value in the aggregate of not more than the greater of $135,000,000 and 50.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA; and 

(cc) Dispositions or conveyances that arise out of or relate to any (i) Specified Lease Transaction or (ii) NMTC Transaction. 

To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 6.07 to any Person other than a Loan Party,
such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition; it being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall be
authorized to take, and shall take, any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing in accordance with Section 8.01. 

Section 6.08. [Reserved]. 

Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates. The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) involving payment in excess of $26,000,000 with any of their respective Affiliates on terms that are less favorable to
the Parent Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower), than those that might be obtained at the time in a comparable arms-length transaction from a Person who is not an
Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 

(a) any transaction between or among Holdings, the Parent
Borrower and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement; 

-143- 

(b) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash,
securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of any Parent Company or of the Parent Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary; 

(c) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit
sharing) arrangement entered into by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or those
of any Parent Company, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers,
employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former
officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement; 

(d) (i) transactions permitted by Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.04, 6.06 and 6.07 and (ii) issuances of
Capital Stock and Indebtedness not restricted by this Agreement; 

(e) transactions in existence on the Closing Date or pursuant to any
agreements or arrangements in effect on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or
(ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date; 

(f) the payment or
reimbursement of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Investor and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees and consultants pursuant to any reimbursement agreement or reimbursement
arrangement entered into by a Borrower (and/or Holdings and any Parent Company) whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods; 

(g) the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions and the Transactions, including the payment of Existing Credit Agreement Transaction Costs and
Transaction Costs; 

(h) customary compensation to Affiliates in connection with financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement
services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) or a majority of the disinterested members of
the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Parent Borrower in good faith; 

(i) transactions and payments required under the
definitive agreement for any acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement (to the extent any seller, employee, officer or director of the acquired entities becomes an Affiliate in connection with such transaction); 

(j) transactions among the Loan Parties to the extent permitted under this Article VI; 

(k) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the board of
directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Parent Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and, in the case
of payments to such Person in such capacity on behalf of any Parent Company, to the extent attributable to the operations of the Parent Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

-144- 

(l) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers
of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are (i) fair to the Parent Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the board of
directors (or similar governing body) of the Parent Borrower or the senior management thereof or (ii) on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably be obtained from a Person other than an Affiliate; 

(m) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities provided to
shareholders under any shareholder agreement; 

(n) (i) any purchase by Holdings of the Capital Stock of (or contribution to the equity
capital of) the Parent Borrower and (ii) any intercompany loans made by Holdings to the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; and 

(o) any transaction in respect of which the Parent Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors
(or equivalent governing body) of the Parent Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Parent Borrower or the
applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arms length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate. 

Section 6.10. Conduct of Business. From and after the Closing Date, the Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than (a) the businesses engaged in by the Parent Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and similar, complementary, ancillary or related businesses and
(b) such other lines of business to which the Administrative Agent may consent. 

Section 6.11. [Reserved]. 

Section 6.12. Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt. The Parent Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt (or the documentation governing any Junior Lien Indebtedness constituting Restricted Debt) if the effect of such
amendment or modification, together with all other amendments or modifications made, is in the reasonable judgment of the Parent Borrower materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such); provided that,
(a) for purposes of clarity, it is understood and agreed that the foregoing limitation shall not otherwise prohibit any Refinancing Indebtedness or any other replacement, refinancing, amendment, supplement, modification, extension, renewal,
restatement or refunding of any Restricted Debt, in each case, that is permitted under this Agreement in respect thereof, and (b) at the request of the Parent Borrower, the form of any documentation governing any Junior Lien Indebtedness
constituting Restricted Debt shall be deemed acceptable to the Lenders if posted to the Lenders and not objected to by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days thereafter. 

Section 6.13. Fiscal Year. The Parent Borrower shall not change its Fiscal Year-end; provided that, the Parent Borrower
may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change the Fiscal Year-end of the Parent Borrower to end on a specific date (e.g. December 31) or adopt another fiscal calendar, in which case the Parent Borrower and the
Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 

Section 6.14. Permitted Activities of Holdings. Holdings shall not: 

-145- 

(a) incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money other than (i) Indebtedness under the
Loan Documents, any ABL Facility or otherwise in connection with the Transactions, (ii) Indebtedness of the type permitted under Sections 6.01(a), (o) and (z) and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof
(including any Guarantees thereof) and (iii) Guarantees of (x) Indebtedness or other obligations of the Parent Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that are otherwise permitted hereunder and (y) Indebtedness or other obligations
under any ABL Facility; 

(b) create or suffer to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired other than
(i) the Liens securing Indebtedness of the type permitted under Sections 6.01(a), (o), 

(x) and (z) and any
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof (including any Guarantees thereof), subject, if applicable, to the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) any other Lien created in connection with the
Existing Credit Agreement Transactions or the Transactions, (iii) Permitted Liens on the Collateral that are secured on a pari passu or junior basis with the Secured Obligations, so long as such Permitted Liens secure Guarantees
permitted under clause (a)(iii) above and the underlying Indebtedness subject to such Guarantee is permitted to be secured on the same basis pursuant to Section 6.02 and (iv) Liens of the type permitted under Section 6.02 (other than
in respect of debt for borrowed money); 

(c) engage in any business activity or own any material assets other than (i) directly or
indirectly holding the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower and any subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, (ii) performing its obligations under the Loan Documents, any ABL Facility and other Indebtedness, Liens (including the granting of Liens) and
Guarantees permitted to be incurred, granted or made, as applicable, by it hereunder and any permitted refinancing thereof; (iii) issuing its own Capital Stock (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the making of any dividend or distribution
on account of, or any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of, any shares of any class of Capital Stock); (iv) filing Tax reports and paying Taxes and other customary obligations in
the ordinary course (and contesting any Taxes); (v) preparing reports to Governmental Authorities and to its shareholders; (vi) holding director and shareholder meetings, preparing organizational records and other organizational activities
required to maintain its separate organizational structure or to comply with applicable Requirements of Law; (vii) effecting the Transactions; (viii) holding (A) Cash, Cash Equivalents and other assets received in connection with
permitted distributions or dividends received from, or permitted Investments or permitted Dispositions made by, any of its subsidiaries or permitted contributions to the capital of, or proceeds from the issuance of Capital Stock or debt securities
of, Holdings or any Parent Company pending the application thereof and (B) the proceeds of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by it hereunder; (ix) providing indemnification for its officers, directors, members of management, employees
and advisors or consultants; (x) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters; (xi) making payments of the type permitted under Section 6.09(f) and the performance of its obligations under any document,
agreement and/or Investment contemplated by the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions or the Transactions or otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement; (xii) complying with applicable Requirements of Law (including with respect to the
maintenance of its existence); (xiii) making and holding intercompany loans to Holdings, the Parent Borrower and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower, as applicable; (xiv) making and holding Investments of the type
permitted under Section 6.06(h); (xv) making Investments directly or indirectly in the Parent Borrower (and other Investment contemplated by Section 6.04(a) and making any Restricted Payment (assuming for such purpose that
the definition thereof applies to the Capital Stock of Holdings)), and (xvi) activities incidental to any of the foregoing; or 

(d)
consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, or convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to, any Person; provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom,
(A) Holdings may consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, any other Person (other than the Parent Borrower and any of its subsidiaries) so long as (i) Holdings 

-146- 

is the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger is not Holdings, (x) the successor Person expressly
assumes all obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and/or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) the Parent
Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (x) of this clause (A), (B) Holdings may convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially
all of its assets (including the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower) to any other Person so long as (w) no Change of Control results therefrom, (x)(1) the Person acquiring such assets expressly assumes all of the obligations of Holdings under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and/or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (2) concurrently with the consummation of such transfer,
causes 100% of the Capital Stock of the Parent Borrower to be pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (y) the Parent Borrower delivers a certificate of a Responsible Officer with respect to the
satisfaction of the conditions under clause (w) set forth in this clause (B) and (z) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received a customary legal opinion; provided, further,
that if the conditions set forth in the preceding proviso are satisfied, the successor to Holdings will succeed to, and be substituted for, Holdings under this Agreement and Holdings shall be released from all obligations under the Loan Documents,
and (C) Holdings may convert into another form of entity so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or the pledge of the Capital Stock in the Parent Borrower. 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Section 7.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (each, an Event ofDefault) shall
occur: 

(a) Failure To Make Payments When Due. Failure by any Borrower to pay (i) any installment of principal of any Loan when
due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise; or (ii) any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount due hereunder within five (5) Business Days after
the date due; or 

(b) Default in Other Agreements. (i) Failure by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay
when due any principal of or interest on or any other amount payable in respect of one or more items of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above) with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the
Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor; or (ii) breach or event of default by any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (A) one or more items of
Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or (B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, with
respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party or any Restricted
Subsidiary), in each case, beyond the grace or cure period, if any, provided therefor, but solely to the extent the effect of such breach or event of default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent
on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or mandatorily redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be;
provided that clause (ii) of this paragraph (b) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer
is permitted 

-147- 

hereunder; provided, further, that any failure described under clause (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness
prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Article VII; provided, still further, that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.01(b), any financial
maintenance covenants in any ABL Facility or any other revolving credit facility shall be solely for the benefit of the lenders under such ABL Facility or other revolving credit facility, and any breach or violation of any such financial maintenance
covenants (x) may be subject to cure rights and (y) shall not be or constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to any Term Facility unless and until the lenders under such ABL Facility or other revolving credit facility have
declared all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and terminated all outstanding commitments to provide revolving credit extensions thereunder in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such ABL Facility
or other revolving credit facility and such declaration has not been rescinded; or 

(c) Breach of Certain Covenants. Failure of any
Loan Party, as required by the relevant provision, to perform or comply with any term or condition contained in Section 5.01(e)(i), Section 5.02 (solely as it applies to the preservation of the existence of the Parent
Borrower), or Article VI; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.01(c), any financial maintenance covenants included in any Incremental Facility Amendments in connection with any
Additional Revolving Facilities shall be solely for the benefit of the Lenders under such Additional Revolving Facilities, and any breach or violation of any such financial maintenance covenants (x) may be subject to cure rights and
(y) shall not be or constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to any Term Facility unless and until the Lenders under such Additional Revolving Facilities have declared all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and
payable and terminated all outstanding commitments to provide revolving credit extensions thereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such declaration has not been rescinded; or 

(d) Breach of Representations, Etc. Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by any Loan Party in any Loan
Document or in any certificate required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Perfection Certificate and any Perfection Certificate Supplement) being untrue in any material respect as of the
date made or deemed made, it being understood and agreed that any breach of representation, warranty or certification resulting from the failure of the Administrative Agent to file any Uniform Commercial Code continuation statement shall not result
in an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(d) or any other provision of any Loan Document; or 

(e) Other Defaults Under
Loan Documents. Default by any Loan Party in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or any of the other Loan Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other Section of this Article VII, which default
has not been remedied or waived within thirty (30) days (as may be extended to sixty (60) days by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after receipt by the Parent Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative
Agent; or 

(f) Involuntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (i) The entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a
decree or order for relief in respect of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, which decree or order
is not stayed; or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal, state or local law; or (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case against Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other
than any Immaterial Subsidiary) under any Debtor Relief Law; the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, (preliminary) insolvency receiver,

-148- 

liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, custodian or other officer having similar powers over Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial
Subsidiary), or over all or a substantial part of its property; or the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial
Subsidiary) for all or a substantial part of its property, which remains undismissed, unvacated, unbounded or unstayed pending appeal for sixty (60) consecutive days; or 

(g) Voluntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (i) The entry against Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of an order for relief, the commencement by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a voluntary case under any
Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or to the conversion of an involuntary case to
a voluntary case, under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, receiver and manager, trustee
or other custodian for all or a substantial part of its property; (ii) the making by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors; or (iii) the admission by Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in writing of their inability to pay their respective debts as such debts become due; or 

(h) Judgments and Attachments. The entry or filing of one or more final money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment or similar
process against Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets involving in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (in either case to the extent not adequately
covered by indemnity from a third party as to which the relevant indemnitor has been notified and not denied coverage, by self- insurance (if applicable) or by insurance as to which the relevant third party insurance company has been notified and
not denied coverage), which judgment, writ, warrant or similar process remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty (60) days; or 

(i) Employee Benefit Plans. The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events, which individually or in the aggregate result in liability of
Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(j) Change of Control. The occurrence of a Change of Control; or 

(k) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and Other Loan Documents. At any time after the execution and delivery thereof (i) any
material Loan Guaranty for any reason ceasing to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms or as a result of the occurrence of the Termination Date) or being declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be null and
void or the repudiation in writing by any Loan Party of its obligations thereunder (other than as a result of the discharge of such Loan Party in accordance with the terms thereof and other than solely as a result of acts or omissions by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender), (ii) this Agreement or any material Collateral Document ceasing to be in full force and effect (other than solely by reason of (x) the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any
Collateral actually delivered to it or the failure of the Administrative Agent to file UCC (or equivalent) continuation statements, (y) a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or (z) the occurrence of the
Termination Date or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or being declared null and void or (iii) the contesting by any Loan Party of the validity or enforceability of any material provision of
any Loan Document (or any Lien 

-149- 

purported to be created by the Collateral Documents or Loan Guaranty) in writing or denial by any Loan Party in writing that it has any further liability (other than by reason of the occurrence
of the Termination Date), including with respect to future advances by the Lenders, under any Loan Document to which it is a party; it being understood and agreed that the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral
actually delivered to it or file any UCC (or equivalent) continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this clause (k) or any other provision of any Loan Document; or 

(l) Subordination. (i) The Liens on the Collateral securing the First Priority Secured Obligations ceasing to have senior
first priority status with respect to Liens on the Collateral securing any Junior Lien Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount outstanding in excess of the Threshold Amount pursuant to any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor
Agreement, and (ii) with respect to the provisions in any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement subordinating the Liens on the Collateral securing any Junior Lien Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount outstanding in excess of the
Threshold Amount to the Liens on the Collateral securing the First Priority Secured Obligations, (A) any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability thereof, (B) any court of competent jurisdiction in a final
non-appealable order, determines such subordination provisions to be invalid or unenforceable, or (C) such subordination provisions otherwise cease to be valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the parties to such Acceptable Intercreditor
Agreement; 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Parent Borrower described in clause (f) or
(g) of this Article) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Parent Borrower, take any of the following actions, at
the same or different times: (i) terminate any Additional Commitments, and thereupon such Additional Commitments shall terminate immediately and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which
case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers; provided that upon the occurrence of
an event with respect to the Parent Borrower described in clauses (f) or (g) of this Article, any such Commitments and/or Additional Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding,
together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
waived by the Borrowers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Loan Document, all rights and remedies hereunder and under any other Loan Document or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC, shall be
exercised exclusively by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise
any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. 

ARTICLE VIII 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT 

Section 8.01. The Administrative Agent. 

Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints UBS (or any successor appointed pursuant hereto) as Administrative Agent hereunder and under
the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan
Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

-150- 

Any Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers
in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, unless the context
otherwise requires or unless such Person is in fact not a Lender, include each Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of,
act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any subsidiary of any Loan Party or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.
The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations
in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and its duties
hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default
exists, and the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of
any applicable law; it being understood that such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties, (b) the Administrative Agent shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers that are expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents and which the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in
writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not
be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable laws, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may
be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in
the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Parent Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is communicated to or
obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at
the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the relevant circumstances as provided in
Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein. The
Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of the existence of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Parent Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative
Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document
delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any covenant, agreement or other term or condition set forth in any Loan Document or the 

-151- 

occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document,
(v) the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien on the Collateral or the existence, value or sufficiency of the Collateral, (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other
than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or (vii) any property, book or record of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. 

If any Lender acquires knowledge of the existence of a Default or Event of Default, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the
other Lenders thereof in writing. Each Lender agrees that, except with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, it will not take any enforcement action hereunder or under any other Loan Document, accelerate the Obligations under any Loan
Document, or exercise any right that it might otherwise have under applicable law or otherwise to credit bid at any foreclosure sale, UCC sale, any sale under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or other similar Dispositions of Collateral.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, a Lender may take action to preserve or enforce its rights against a Loan Party where a deadline or limitation period is applicable that would, absent such action, bar enforcement of the Obligations held by
such Lender, including the filing of a proof of claim in a case under the Bankruptcy Code. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, Holdings, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to
enforce the Loan Documents; it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder shall be exercised solely and exclusively by, the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in accordance with the terms hereof
and all powers, rights and remedies under the other Loan Documents shall be exercised solely and exclusively by the Administrative Agent, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a
public or private sale or in the event of any other Disposition (including pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), (A) the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties, shall be entitled, for the
purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable
by the Administrative Agent at such Disposition and (B) the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such Disposition. 

No holder of any Secured Hedging Obligation or Banking Services Obligation in its respective capacity as such shall have any rights in
connection with (i) the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement or (ii) any waiver, consent, modification or any amendment with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document. 

Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Hedge Agreement with respect to any Secured Hedging
Obligation and/or by entering into documentation in connection with any Banking Services Obligation, each of the other Secured Parties hereby authorizes and shall be deemed to authorize) the Administrative Agent, on behalf of all Secured Parties to
take any of the following actions upon the instruction of the Required Lenders: 

(a) consent to the Disposition of all or any portion of
the Collateral free and clear of the Liens securing the Secured Obligations in connection with any Disposition pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 thereof; 

(b) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly
or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Section 363 thereof; 

-152- 

(c) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion
of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the UCC, including pursuant to
Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the UCC; 

(d) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the
Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any foreclosure or other Disposition conducted in accordance with applicable law following the occurrence and continuation of an Event of
Default, including by power of sale, judicial action or otherwise; and/or 

(e) estimate the amount of any contingent or unliquidated
Secured Obligations of such Lender or other Secured Party; 

it being understood that no Lender shall be required to fund any amount in
connection with any purchase of all or any portion of the Collateral by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the foregoing clause (b), (c) or (d) without its prior written consent. 

Each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to credit bid any part of the Secured Obligations or to purchase
or retain or acquire any portion of the Collateral; provided that, in connection with any credit bid or purchase described under clause (b), (c) or (d) of the preceding paragraph, the Secured Obligations owed to
all of the Secured Parties (other than with respect to contingent or unliquidated liabilities as set forth in the next succeeding paragraph) may be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent on a ratable basis. 

With respect to each contingent or unliquidated claim that is a Secured Obligation, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, but is not
required, to estimate the amount thereof for purposes of any credit bid or purchase described in the second preceding paragraph so long as the estimation of the amount or liquidation of such claim would not unduly delay the ability of the
Administrative Agent to credit bid the Secured Obligations or purchase the Collateral in the relevant Disposition. In the event that the Administrative Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects not to estimate any such contingent or
unliquidated claim or any such claim cannot be estimated without unduly delaying the ability of the Administrative Agent to consummate any credit bid or purchase in accordance with the second preceding paragraph, then any contingent or unliquidated
claims not so estimated shall be disregarded, shall not be credit bid, and shall not be entitled to any interest in the portion or the entirety of the Collateral purchased by means of such credit bid. 

Each Secured Party whose Secured Obligations are credit bid under clause (b), (c) or (d) of the third preceding
paragraph shall be entitled to receive interests in the Collateral or any other asset acquired in connection with such credit bid (or in the Capital Stock of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such acquisition) on a
ratable basis in accordance with the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the amount of the Secured Obligations of such Secured Party that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition, by (y) the aggregate amount of all Secured
Obligations that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition. 

In addition, in case of the pendency of any proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan is then due and payable as herein expressed or by
declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Parent Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

-153- 

(i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and
interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent
(including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts to the extent due to the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(ii) to collect
and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. 

Any custodian, receiver,
assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent consents to
the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amount
due to the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03. 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the
Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative
Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and
shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it
to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and
shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such
condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the
Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents
appointed by it; provided, however, that any such sub- agent receiving payments from the Loan Parties shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1
(or has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)). The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their respective duties and exercise
their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent and shall apply
to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. 

-154- 

The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving thirty (30) days prior
written notice to the Lenders and the Parent Borrower. If the Administrative Agent becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding, either the Required Lenders or the Borrowers may, upon thirty (30) days notice, remove the Administrative
Agent. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or delivery of any such notice of removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Parent Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor
Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank or trust company with offices in the U.S. having combined capital and surplus in excess of $1,000,000,000 and who shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within
the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)); provided that during the existence and
continuation of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, with respect to Holdings or the Borrowers, Section 7.01(f) or (g), no consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required. If no successor shall have been
appointed as provided above and accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Administrative Agent receives notice of removal, then (a) in the case of a
retirement, the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, consent of the
Parent Borrower) or (b) in the case of a removal, the Parent Borrower may, after consulting with the Required Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that (x) in the
case of a retirement, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Parent Borrower, the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment or (y) in the case of a removal, the Parent Borrower notifies the Required Lenders that no
qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then, in each case, such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with and on the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such notice and (i) the retiring
or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent in its capacity as collateral agent
for the Secured Parties for perfection purposes, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and
determinations required to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly (and each Lender will cooperate with the Borrowers to enable the Borrowers to take such actions), until such time as
the Required Lenders or the Parent Borrower, as applicable, appoint a successor Administrative Agent who shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 (or
has validly agreed to be treated as a U.S. person pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)), as provided for above in this Section 8.01. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative
Agent hereunder as a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to
indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (other than its obligations under Section 9.13). The fees
payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Parent Borrower and such successor Administrative Agent. After the Administrative Agents
resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect
of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the relevant Person was acting as Administrative Agent (including for this purpose holding any collateral security following the retirement or removal of the Administrative Agent).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Disqualified Institution (nor any Affiliate thereof) may be appointed as a successor Administrative Agent. 

-155- 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges
that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to
make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly
required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations,
property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Arrangers shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty
under this Agreement, except in their respective capacities as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder, as applicable. 

Each
Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent, 

(a) shall
release any Lien on any property granted to or held by Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or to be sold or transferred as part of or in connection with any
Disposition permitted under the Loan Documents to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (iii) that does not constitute (or ceases to constitute) Collateral (including as a result of being or becoming an Excluded Asset), (iv) if the property
subject to such Lien is owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor, upon the release of such Subsidiary Guarantor from its Loan Guaranty otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents, (v) as required under clause (d) below or (vi) if
approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02; 

(b) shall
subject to Section 9.22, release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series
of related transactions permitted hereunder), as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower; 

(c) may
subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(d), 6.02(e), 6.02(g), 6.02(m),
6.02(n), 6.02(o)(i) (other than any Lien on the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary Guarantor), 6.02(q), 6.02(r), 6.02(x), 6.02(y), 6.02(bb), 6.02(cc), 6.02(ee) and 6.02(ff) (and any
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under Section 6.02(k)); provided that the subordination of any Lien on any property granted to or held by
the Administrative Agent shall only be required with respect to any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(o)(i), 6.02(q), 6.02(r) and/or 6.02(bb) to the extent that the Lien of the Administrative Agent
with respect to such property is required to be subordinated to the relevant Permitted Lien in accordance with applicable law or the documentation governing the Indebtedness that is secured by such Permitted Lien; and 

-156- 

(d) shall enter into subordination, intercreditor and/or similar agreements
with respect to Indebtedness (including any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and/or (ii) secured by Liens, and with respect to which Indebtedness, this Agreement
contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to subordinate any Lien pursuant to this clause (d)(ii) other than to
the extent contemplated by clause (c) of this paragraph. 

Upon the request of the Administrative Agent at any time, the
Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the Guarantee or its Lien on
any Collateral pursuant to this Section 8.01. In each case as specified in this Section 8.01, the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrowers expense,
execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to
subordinate its interest therein, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Article VIII; provided that upon the request of the
Administrative Agent, the Parent Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 

The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other intercreditor, subordination,
collateral trust or similar agreement contemplated hereby with respect to Indebtedness that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and/or (ii) secured by Liens and which Indebtedness contemplates an intercreditor,
subordination or collateral trust agreement (any such other intercreditor agreement, an Additional Agreement), and the parties hereto acknowledge that each Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement) is
binding upon them. Each Lender (a) hereby consents to the subordination of the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations on the terms set forth in the ABL Intercreditor Agreement, (b) hereby agrees that it will be bound by,
and will not take any action contrary to the provisions of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement) and (c) hereby authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to enter into any Acceptable Intercreditor
Agreement (including any Additional Agreement), as applicable, and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations to the provisions thereof. The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the Secured Parties to
extend credit to the Borrowers, and the Secured Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of such provisions and the provisions of any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (including any Additional Agreement).

To the extent that the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrowers, the Lenders will
reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any Affiliate thereof) in proportion to their respective Applicable Percentages (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) in performing its duties
hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agents (or such affiliates) gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a
final and non-appealable decision). 

-157- 

Section 8.02. Erroneous Payments. 

(a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured
Party (any such Lender, Secured Party or other authorized recipient, a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates on behalf of the Administrative Agent were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or
other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether purported to be received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous
Payment) and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust
for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two
Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect
of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective
Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect; provided, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Erroneous Payment shall
include any amounts remitted, transmitted, transferred, distributed or paid to, or realized by, the Administrative Agent (or its affiliates) by, or on behalf of, the Parent Borrower or any Loan Party (collectively, Loan Party
Payments) or any amounts representing the proceeds of any Collateral, in each case, other than amounts that have been misapplied or otherwise erroneously transmitted or distributed or paid to any Lender; provided, that the
Obligations of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties shall be paid, prepaid, discharged and satisfied by the amount of such Loan Party Payments in the manner intended by the applicable Borrower or Loan Party. A notice of the Administrative Agent
to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If a Payment Recipient receives any payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise and does not receive
a corresponding payment notice or payment advice such payment, prepayment or repayment shall be presumed to be in error absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary. 

(b) Each Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to
such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding
clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement; provided, that such set off, netting and application shall not affect whether any Loan Party Payments or proceeds of Collateral have paid, prepaid, repaid,
discharged and satisfied the Obligations of the Loan Parties. 

(c) For so long as an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) has not been
returned by any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency) to the Administrative Agent after demand therefor in accordance with
immediately preceding clause (a), (i) the Administrative Agent may elect, in its sole discretion on written notice to such Lender or Secured Party, that all rights and claims of such Lender or Secured Party with respect to the Loans or
other Obligations owed to such Person up to the amount of the corresponding Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency in respect of such Erroneous Payment (the Corresponding Loan Amount) shall immediately vest in the Administrative
Agent upon such election; 

-158- 

after such election, the Administrative Agent (x) may reflect its ownership interest in Loans in a principal amount equal to the Corresponding Loan Amount in the Register, and (y) upon
five business days written notice to such Lender or Secured Party, may sell such Loan (or portion thereof) in respect of the Corresponding Loan Amount in accordance with Section 9.05, and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale,
the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and
claims against such Lender or Secured Party (and/or against any Payment Recipient that receives funds on its behalf), and (ii) each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold such Loan, and
irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Lender or Secured Party with respect to the Erroneous Payment Return
Deficiency. For the avoidance of doubt, no vesting or sale pursuant to the foregoing subclause (i) will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(d) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by
the Parent Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent of any amounts remitted, transmitted, transferred, distributed or paid to the Administrative Agent (or its affiliates) by, or on behalf of, the Parent Borrower or any
Loan Party for the purpose of paying, prepaying, repaying, discharging or otherwise satisfying, in whole or in part, any Obligations or any amounts representing the proceeds of any Collateral. 

(e) No Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim,
counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on
discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(f) Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this
Section 8.02 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under the Loan
Documents. 

(g) The provisions of this Section 8.02 are intended to reflect an agreement among the Lenders, Secured Parties and the
Administrative Agent (other than Sections 8.02(c) (solely with respect to assignments and subrogation rights of the Administrative Agent), (d) and (f)) and the provisions hereof shall not constitute or create any
obligations on the part of the Parent Borrower or any Loan Party. 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01.
Notices. 

(a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to
paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by email (including PDF and
similar attachments), as follows: 

(i) if to any Loan Party, to such Loan Party in the care of the Borrowers at: 

-159- 

Ecovyst Catalyst Technologies LLC 

Valleybrooke Corporate Center 

300 Lindenwood Drive 

Malvern,
PA 19355-1740 

Telephone: (484) 617-1212 

Attention: Mike Feehan 

Email:
Mike.Feehan@ecovyst.com 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to any Loan Party): 

Ropes & Gray LLP 

1211 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10036 

Telephone:
(212) 841-0676 

Attention: Arek Maczka 

Email: arek.maczka@ropesgray.com 

(ii) 

if to the Administrative Agent, at: 

UBS AG Cayman Islands, Stamford Branch 

Eleven Madison Avenue, 9th Floor 

New York, NY 10010 

Telephone:
919-994-6369 

Facsimile: 212-322-2291 

Attention: Loan Operations Agency Manager 

Email: agency.loanops@credit-suisse.com 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to the Administrative Agent): 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10020 

Telephone:
(212) 906-1200 

Facsimile: (212) 751-4864 

Attention: Nicole Fanjul 

Email: Nicole.Fanjul@lw.com 

(iii) 

if to any Lender, pursuant to its contact information set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

All such notices and other communications (A) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered
mail, shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof or three (3) Business Days after dispatch if sent by certified or registered mail, in each case, delivered, sent or
mailed (properly addressed) to the relevant party as provided in this Section 9.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 9.01 or (B) sent by email
shall be deemed to have been given when sent; provided that received notices and other communications sent by email shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such
notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in
clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b). 

-160- 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished
by electronic communications (including email, FpML messaging and Internet or Intranet websites) pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent or the Parent Borrower (on behalf of
any Loan Party) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by it; provided that approval of such
procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. All such notices and other communications (i) sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient
(such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgement); provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be
deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or Intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its email address
as described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 

(c) Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number or other notice information hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.

(d) (i) The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that (A) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials and/or
information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform) and
(B) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such
Persons securities. The Borrowers hereby agree that (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not
containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute
Confidential Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.13); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side
Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent shall treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information;
provided that, for purposes of the foregoing, all information and materials provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall be deemed to be suitable for posting to Public Lenders. 

(ii) Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the
Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and
applicable law, including United States Federal and state securities laws, to make reference to communications that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material
nonpublic information with respect to the Borrowers or their securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 

-161- 

(iii) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE.
NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES WARRANTS THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EACH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND, WHETHER OR NOT BASED ON STRICT LIABILITY AND INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTYS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENTS TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE LIABILITY OF ANY SUCH PERSON IS FOUND IN A FINAL RULING BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED FROM SUCH PERSONS GROSS NEGLIGENCE,
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR MATERIAL BREACH OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT. 

(e) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and
act upon any notices (including telephonic notices and Borrowing Requests) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed
by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, its Related Parties and each Lender from all
losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. 

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any
provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same is permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.02, and then such waiver or consent shall
be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by law, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any existing Default or
Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of the existence of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 

(b) Subject to clauses(A), (B), (C) and (D) of this Section 9.02(b) and Sections
9.02(c) and (d) below, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified, except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements
in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document (other than

-162- 

any waiver, amendment or modification to effectuate any modification thereto expressly contemplated by the terms of such other Loan Documents), pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing
entered into by the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party that is party thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing: 

(A) except with the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but without the consent of the Required
Lenders or any other Lender, the Administrative Agent or agent (except to the extent that the rights and obligations of the Administrative Agent would be adversely affected thereby)), no such waiver, amendment or modification shall: 

(1) increase the Commitment or Additional Commitment of such Lender (other than with respect to any Incremental Facility
pursuant to Section 2.22 in respect of which such Lender has agreed to be an Additional Lender); it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation,
warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments or Additional Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment or Additional Commitment of such Lender; 

(2) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or any amount due on any Loan Installment Date; 

(3) (x) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Loan or (y) postpone any Loan Installment Date, any Interest Payment
Date or the date of any scheduled payment of any fee payable hereunder (in each case, other than any extension for administrative reasons agreed by the Administrative Agent); 

(4) reduce the rate of interest (other than to waive any existing Default or Event of Default or obligation of the Borrowers
to pay interest at the default rate of interest under Section 2.13(d), which shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders) or the amount of any fee owed to such Lender; it being understood that no change in the definition of
First Lien Leverage Ratio or any other ratio used in the calculation of the Applicable Rate, or in the calculation of any other interest or fee due hereunder (including any component definition thereof) shall constitute a reduction in
any rate of interest or fee hereunder; 

(5) extend the expiry date of such Lenders Commitment or Additional
Commitment; it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the
Commitments or Additional Commitments shall constitute an extension of any Commitment or Additional Commitment of any Lender; 

-163- 

(6) waive, amend or modify the provisions of Sections
2.11(b)(vi), 2.18(b) or 2.18(c) of this Agreement in a manner that would by its terms alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby (except in connection with any transaction permitted under Sections
2.22, 2.23, 9.02(c), 9.05(g) and/or 9.05(h) or as otherwise provided in this Section 9.02); and 

(7) change the currency in which any Loan or Commitment of any such Lender is denominated; 

(B) no such waiver, amendment or modification shall: 

(1) change any of the provisions of Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) or the definition of
Required Lenders to reduce any voting percentage required to waive, amend or modify any right thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the prior written consent of each Lender; 

(2) release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents (except as
otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including as contemplated by or pursuant to Section 8.01 or Section 9.22), without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby,
and it being understood that only the consent of the Lenders whose Loans are secured by the Collateral shall be required; or 

(3) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees under the Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted
herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Section 9.22 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; and 

(C) solely the consent of the applicable Required Facility Lenders (but not the consent of the Required Lenders or any other
Lenders) shall be required for any waiver amendment or modifications of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that solely affects the Credit Facilities of any Class (as determined in the reasonable judgment of the Parent Borrower), including any
conditions borrowing under any Additional Revolving Facility or any Incremental Facility that is a delayed draw term loan facility; 

provided,
further, that no agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may also amend the
Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.05, incurrences of Additional Commitments or Additional Loans pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c) and reductions or
terminations of any such Additional Commitments or Additional Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the
Commitment and any Additional Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (it being understood that any Commitment, Additional Commitment or Loan held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender
shall be excluded from any vote hereunder that requires the consent of any Lender, except as expressly provided in Section 2.21(a)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written
consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities permitted hereunder to this Agreement and to permit any extension of credit from time to time outstanding

-164- 

thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the relevant benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include appropriately the
Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended: 

(x) with the written consent of the Borrowers and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to permit the
refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of any outstanding Term Loans under one or more Classes, series or tranches, as selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion (any such Loans being refinanced or replaced, the
Replaced Term Loans), with one or more replacement term loans (Replacement Term Loans) pursuant to any existing or newly established term loan facility hereunder (a Replacement Term Facility)
pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment; provided that: 

(A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Term
Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Replaced Term Loans (plus (1) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 2.22 or Section 6.01(q), (u), (w) and/or
(z) and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under Section 6.02(k) (with respect to Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(a), or (u)),
(o)(ii), (t)(ii), (u) and/or (ii) and plus (2) the amount of accrued interest, penalties and premium (including tender premium) thereon, any committed but undrawn amounts, and underwriting discounts, fees
(including upfront fees, original issue discount, commitment fees, underwriting fees, arrangement fees and similar fees), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 

(B) any Replacement Term Loans must have (1) a final maturity date that is equal to or later than the earlier of
(x) the final maturity date of the Replaced Term Loans and (y) ninety-one (91) days after the then latest maturity date of any Term Loans that are not being refinanced or so replaced, and (2) have a Weighted Average Life to
Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Replaced Term Loans at the time of the relevant refinancing, 

(C) any such Replacement Term Loans must be pari passu with or junior to any such Replaced Term Loans in right of
payment and with respect to the Collateral (provided that such Replacement Term Loans shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and may be, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, documented in a
separate agreement or agreements), or be unsecured, 

(D) if any Replacement Term Loans are secured, such Replacement Term
Loans may not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 

(E) if any Replacement Term Loans are guaranteed, such
Replacement Term Loans may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, 

-165- 

(F) any Replacement Term Loans that are pari passu in right of
payment and pari passu in right of security may participate (x) on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any mandatory repayment in respect of the Initial Term
Loans (and any Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements) and (y) on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis in any voluntary prepayment in respect of the Initial Term Loans and any
Additional Term Loans, in each case as agreed by the Borrowers and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans, 

(G) any Replacement Term Loans shall have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause
(F), optional prepayment and redemption terms as the Parent Borrower and the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans may agree, 

(H) no Default under Section 7.01(a), 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) or Event of Default shall exist immediately
prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of the relevant Replacement Term Loans, and 

(I) either (i) the
other terms and conditions of any Replacement Term Loans, as applicable (excluding pricing, interest, fees, rate floors, premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms, security and maturity, subject to preceding clauses (B) through
(G)) shall be substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans than those applicable to the Replaced Term Loans (other
than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Term Loans)) or (ii) such Replacement Term Loans shall reflect market terms
and conditions (taken as a whole) at such time (as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith); provided, that, if any more restrictive financial maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any Replacement Term Loans, such
provisions shall also be applicable to the Credit Facilities (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Term Loans)),
and 

(y) in the case of any Additional Revolving Facility, with the written consent of the Borrowers and the Lenders providing the
relevant Replacement Revolving Facility to permit the refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of any Additional Revolving Commitments under one or more Classes, series or tranche, as selected by the Parent Borrower in its sole discretion
(any such Additional Revolving Commitments being refinanced or replaced, a Replaced Revolving Facility), with a replacement revolving facility hereunder (a Replacement Revolving Facility) pursuant to a
Refinancing Amendment; provided that: 

(A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Revolving Facility
shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the unutilized commitments under the Replaced Revolving Facility (plus (x) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01(a), (q), (u),
(w) and/or (z) and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under Section 6.02(k) (with respect to Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by
Section 6.01(a), (q), (u), (w) or (z)), (o)(ii), (u) and/or (hh) and plus (z) the amount of accrued interest, penalties and premium thereon, any committed but undrawn
amounts and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 

-166- 

(B) no such Replacement Revolving Facility may have a final maturity date
(or require commitment reductions) prior to the earlier of (x) the final maturity date of the relevant Replaced Revolving Facility at the time of such refinancing and (y) ninety-one (91) days after the then latest maturity date of any
Additional Revolving Facility not being refinanced or so replaced, 

(C) any such Replacement Revolving Facility must be
pari passu with any such Replaced Revolving Facility in right of payment and with respect to the Collateral (provided that any such Replacement Revolving Facility shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and may be, at
the option of the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, documented in a separate agreement or agreements), or be unsecured, 

(D) if any Replacement Revolving Facility are secured, such Replacement Revolving Facility may not be secured by any assets
other than the Collateral, 

(E) if any Replacement Revolving Facility are guaranteed, such Replacement Revolving Facility
may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, 

(F) any Replacement Revolving Facility shall be
subject to the ratability provisions applicable to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and Extended Revolving Loans set forth in the proviso to clause (ii) of Section 2.23(a), mutatis mutandis, to the
same extent as if fully set forth in this Section 9.02(c)(ii), 

(G) any Replacement Revolving Facility shall have
pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause (F), optional prepayment and redemption terms as the Borrowers and the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility, may agree, 

(H) no Default under Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) or Event of Default shall exist immediately
prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility, 

(I) either
(i) the other terms and conditions of any Replacement Revolving Facility (excluding pricing, interest, fees, rate floors, premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms, security and maturity, subject to preceding clauses
(B) through (G)) shall be substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Parent Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility, than those applicable to
the Replaced Revolving Facility (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Revolving Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility)) or
(ii) such Replacement Revolving Facility shall reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at such time (as determined by the Parent Borrower in good faith); and 

-167- 

(J) the commitments in respect of any Replaced Revolving Facility shall be
terminated (to the extent being replaced), and all loans outstanding thereunder and all fees in connection therewith shall be paid in full, in each case on the date such Replacement Revolving Facility are implemented; 

provided, further, that, in respect of each of clauses (i) and (ii) of this clause (c), any Non-Debt Fund
Affiliate and Debt Fund Affiliate providing any Replacement Term Loans shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to such Persons under Section 9.05 as if such Replacement Term Loans were Term Loans and any Debt Fund Affiliate (but
not any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate) may provide any Replacement Revolving Facility. 

Each party hereto hereby agrees that, upon the
effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be amended by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans or the Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, to the extent
(but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, incurred or implemented pursuant thereto (including any amendment necessary to treat the loans,
notes and commitments subject thereto as a separate Class of Loans and/or commitments hereunder), including any technical amendments required in connection therewith. It is understood that any Lender approached to provide all or a
portion of any Replacement Term Loans or any Replacement Revolving Facility may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.02 or any other provision of this Agreement or any
provision of any other Loan Document: 

(i) the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or
consent of any Lender, amend, supplement and/or waive any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement and/or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to (x) comply with Requirements of Law or the advice
of counsel or (y) cause any such guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and/or the relevant other Loan Documents; 

(ii) the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the
relevant Lenders (including Additional Lenders) providing Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent
to (1) effect the provisions of Sections 2.22, 2.23, 5.12, 6.13, 9.02(c) or 9.23, or any other provision specifying that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made with the consent or approval of
the Administrative Agent and/or (2) to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in connection with the addition of any Loan or Commitment hereunder, that are favorable to the
then- existing Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; 

(iii) if the Administrative Agent and the
Parent Borrower have jointly identified any ambiguity, mistake, defect, inconsistency, obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature or any necessary or desirable technical change, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document,
then the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision solely to address such matter as reasonably determined by them acting jointly; 

-168- 

(iv) the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower may amend, restate,
amend and restate or otherwise modify any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as provided therein; 

(v) the
Administrative Agent may amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.05, Commitment reductions or terminations pursuant to Section 2.09, implementations of Additional Commitments or
incurrences of Additional Loans pursuant to Sections 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c) and reductions or terminations of any such Additional Commitments or Additional Loans; 

(vi) in the case of any Additional Revolving Facility, solely the consent of the Required Facility Lenders with respect to such
Additional Revolving Facility (but not the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender) shall be required for any waiver, amendment or modification of (A) any conditions precedent to the obligations of the applicable Lenders to make any
Additional Revolving Loan (including any swingline loans or the issuance of any letters of credit) and (B) any financial maintenance covenant solely for the benefit of such Additional Revolving Facility; and 

(vii) any amendment, waiver or modification of any term or provision that directly affects Lenders under one or more Classes
and does not directly affect Lenders under one or more other Classes (unless such amendment, waiver or modification benefits the Lenders under such other Classes) may be effected with solely the consent of the Required Facility Lenders of such
directly affected Class (but not the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender). 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, in connection with any determination as to whether the requisite Lenders have (A) consented (or not consented) to any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party
therefrom, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan
Document, any Lender (alone or together with its Affiliates (other than (x) any Lender that is a Regulated Bank or its Affiliates and (y) any Revolving Lender or its Affiliates)) that, as a result of its (or its Affiliates) interest in
any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract (other than any such total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract entered into pursuant to bona fide
market making activities), has a net short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments (each, a Net Short Lender) shall have no right to vote any of its Loans and Commitments and shall be deemed to have voted its
interest as a Lender without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Net Short Lenders. For purposes of determining whether a Lender (alone or together with its Affiliates) has
a net short position on any date of determination: 

(i) derivative contracts with respect to the Loans and
Commitments and such contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at the notional amount thereof in Dollars, 

(ii) notional amounts in other currencies shall be converted to the dollar equivalent thereof by such Lender in a commercially
reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and based on the prevailing conversion rate (determined on a mid- market basis) on the date of determination, 

-169- 

(iii) derivative contracts in respect of an index that includes any Loan
Party or any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Loan Parties shall not be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments, so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested
by such Lender or its Affiliates and (y) the Loan Parties and any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Loan Parties, collectively, shall represent less than 5% of the components of such index, 

(iv) derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA
Credit Derivatives Definitions (collectively, the ISDA CDS Definitions) shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such Lender or its Affiliates is a protection buyer or the
equivalent thereof for such derivative transaction and (x) the Loans or the Commitments are a Reference Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as a
Standard Reference Obligation on the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), (y) the Loans or the
Commitments would be a Deliverable Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction or (z) any of the Loan Parties (or its successor) is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative
transactions, 

(v) credit derivative transactions or other derivatives transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS
Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such transactions are functionally equivalent to a transaction that offers the Lender or its Affiliates protection in respect of the Loans or the
Commitments, or as to the credit quality of any Loan Party other than, in each case, as part of an index so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender or its Affiliates and (y) the Loan Parties and
any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Loan Parties, collectively, shall represent less than 5% of the components of such index. 

In connection with any such determination, each Lender (other than (x) any Lender that is a Regulated Bank or its Affiliates and
(y) any Revolving Lender or its Affiliates) shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing that it is a Net Short Lender, or shall otherwise be deemed to have represented and warranted to the Parent Borrower and the Administrative
Agent that it is not a Net Short Lender (it being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on each such representation and deemed representation and shall have no liability for or duty to
(x) inquire as to or investigate the accuracy of any such representation or deemed representation, (y) verify any statements in any officers certificates delivered to it or (z) otherwise ascertain, monitor or inquire as to
whether any Lender or prospective Lender is a Net Short Lender or make any calculations, investigations or determinations with respect to any derivative contracts and/or net short positions). Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent
shall not (A) be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce compliance with the provisions hereof relating to the Net Short Lenders or (B) have any liability with respect to or
arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans to any Net Short Lender. 

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity. 

(a) The Borrowers shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent
and their respective Affiliates (including applicable syndication expenses and travel expenses but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one
firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the syndication and distribution (including via
the Internet or through a service such as SyndTrak) of the Credit Facilities, the 

-170- 

preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any related documentation, including in connection with any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any
Loan Document (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated, but only to the extent the preparation of any such amendment, modification or waiver was requested by the Borrowers and except as otherwise provided separately in
writing between the Parent Borrower, the relevant Arranger and/or the Administrative Agent) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders or any of their
respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if
reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of their respective rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including
their respective rights under this Section 9.03, or in connection with the Loans made hereunder. Except to the extent required to be paid on the Closing Date (and invoiced three (3) Business Days prior thereto), all amounts due
under this paragraph (a) shall be payable by the Borrowers within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Parent Borrower of an invoice setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the
relevant reimbursement request. 

(b) The Borrowers shall indemnify each Arranger, the Administrative Agent, each Lender, and each Related
Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (but limited, in the case of legal fees and
expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out- of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one legal counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all
Indemnitees, taken as a whole and solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and (y) one additional local counsel in each relevant
jurisdiction to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby and/or the enforcement of the Loan Documents, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Existing Credit Agreement Transactions or the Transactions or any other
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the use of the proceeds of the Loans, (iii) any actual or alleged Release or presence of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by
the Parent Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party or any Environmental Liability related to the Parent Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party and/or (iv) any actual or prospective
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a
third party or by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability
(i) results from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents by such Indemnitee, in each case, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or
(ii) arises out of any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding brought by such Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (x) that is brought by or against the Administrative
Agent or any Arranger, acting in its capacity or fulfilling its role as the Administrative Agent or as an Arranger or similar role or (y) that involves any act or omission of Holdings, any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries). Each Indemnitee
shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by any Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.03(b) to such Indemnitee for any fees, expenses, or damages to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment thereof in
accordance with the terms hereof. All amounts due under this paragraph (b) shall be payable by the Borrowers within thirty (30) days (x) after receipt by the Parent Borrower of a written demand therefor, in the case of any
indemnification obligations and (y) in the case of reimbursement of costs and expenses, after receipt by the Parent Borrower of an invoice, setting forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation
supporting the relevant reimbursement request. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages or liabilities in respect of a non-Tax claim. 

-171- 

(c) No Borrower shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its
written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), but if any proceeding is settled with the relevant Borrowers written consent, or if there is a final judgment against any Indemnitee in any such
proceeding, the Borrowers agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Borrowers shall not, without the prior written consent of the affected Indemnitee (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding against any Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such
Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii) such settlement does not include any statement as to any
admission of fault or culpability. 

Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim. To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party to this
Agreement shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto or any Related Party thereof, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof, except to the extent such damages would otherwise be subject to
indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 9.03. 

Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns; provided that (i) except as provided under Section 6.07, the Borrowers may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and
any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrowers without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with the terms of this
Section 9.05 (any attempted assignment or transfer not complying with the terms of this Section 9.05 shall be subject to Sections 9.05(f) and (g), as applicable). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied,
shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section 9.05) and, to the extent
expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of any Loan or Additional Commitment added pursuant to Section 2.22, 2.23 or 9.02(c) at the time owing to it) with the prior written
consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 

-172- 

(A) the Parent Borrower; provided that (1) the Parent Borrower
shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment of any Term Loans unless it has objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within fifteen (15) Business Days after receiving written notice thereof; (2) the consent of
the Parent Borrower shall be required for any assignment of Additional Revolving Loans or Additional Revolving Commitments, (3) no consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required for the assignment of Term Loans to another Lender, an Affiliate
of any Lender or an Approved Fund, (4) no consent of the Parent Borrower shall be required during the continuation of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or Section 7.01(f) or (g) (solely with respect
to the Parent Borrower); (5) the Parent Borrower may withhold its consent to any assignment to any Person that is not a Disqualified Institution but is known by the Parent Borrower to be an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of
whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliates name (other than in respect of a Company Competitor, a Debt Fund Affiliate that is not itself a Disqualified Institution, unless
the Parent Borrower has a reasonable basis for withholding consent) and, for the avoidance of doubt, the deemed consent provisions of clause (1) above shall not apply with respect to any attempted assignment of a Disqualified Institution
or any Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliates name, and (6) the investment objective or history of any
prospective Lender or its Affiliates shall be a reasonable basis to withhold the Parent Borrowers consent; and 

(B)
the Administrative Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of a Lender or any Approved Fund. 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Approved Fund or any assignment
of the entire remaining amount of the relevant assigning Lenders Loans or commitments of any Class, the principal amount of Loans or commitments of the assigning Lender subject to the relevant assignment (determined as of the date on which the
Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent and determined on an aggregate basis in the event of concurrent assignments to Related Funds or by Related Funds) shall not be less than $1,000,000,
in the case of Initial Term Loans, Additional Term Loans, Initial Term Loan Commitments and Additional Term Commitments unless the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; 

(B) any partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the relevant assigning Lenders
rights and obligations in respect of any Facility under this Agreement; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute
and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), and, except in the case of an
assignment by an Initial Term Lender or its Affiliate in connection with the syndication of the Initial Term Loans, shall pay to the Administrative Agent a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole
discretion of the Administrative Agent); and 

-173- 

(D) the relevant Eligible Assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver on
or prior to the effective date of such assignment, to the Administrative Agent (1) an Administrative Questionnaire and (2) any IRS form required under Section 2.17. 

(iii) Subject to the acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 9.05,
from and after the effective date specified in any Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an
Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be (A) entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15,
2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring on or prior to the effective date of such assignment and (B) subject to its obligations thereunder and under Section 9.13). If any assignment
by any Lender holding any Promissory Note is made after the issuance of such Promissory Note, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender such Promissory Note to the
Administrative Agent for cancellation, and, following such cancellation, if requested by either the assignee or the assigning Lender, the relevant Borrower shall issue and deliver a new Promissory Note to such assignee and/or to such assigning
Lender, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the new commitments and/or outstanding Loans of the assignee and/or the assigning Lender. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a
copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, and the commitment of, and principal amount of and interest on the Loans
owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrowers obligation to repay such Loans in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant
to the terms hereof as a Lender and the owner of the amounts owing to it under the Loan Documents as reflected in the Register for all purposes of the Loan Documents, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for
inspection by each Borrower and each Lender (but only as to its own holdings), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice; provided that each Lender shall be able to inspect the Register only with respect to its
own Commitments and Loans. The parties intend that any interest in or with respect to the Loans under this Agreement be treated as being issued and maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and
881(c)(2) of the Code and any regulations thereunder (and any successor provisions), including without limitation under United States Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c) and Proposed Regulations Section 1.163-5 (and any successor
provisions), and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner that gives effect to such intent. 

(v)
Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Eligible Assignee, the Eligible Assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax certification required by
Section 9.05(b)(ii)(D)(2) (unless the assignee is already a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05, if applicable, and any written consent to the
relevant assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05, the Administrative Agent shall promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment
shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

-174- 

(vi) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Assumption, the assigning
Lender and the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (A) such assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being
assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim and that the amount of its commitments, and the outstanding balances of its Loans, in each case without giving effect to any assignment thereof which has not become effective, are as set forth in
such Assignment and Assumption, (B) except as set forth in clause (A) above, such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statement, warranty or representation made in
or in connection with this Agreement, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, or the financial
condition of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or the performance or observance by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of its obligations under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document
furnished pursuant hereto; (C) such assignee represents and warrants that it is an Eligible Assignee, legally authorized to enter into such Assignment and Assumption; (D) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement
and the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and such other documents and information as
it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Assumption; (E) such assignee will independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the assigning Lender or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (F) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative
Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent, by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (G) such
assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Parent Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, sell participations to
any bank or other entity (other than to any Disqualified Institution, any natural Person or, other than with respect to any participation to any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such participations to a Debt Fund Affiliate being subject to the limitation
set forth in the first proviso of the penultimate paragraph set forth in Section 9.05(h), as if the limitation applied to such participations), any Borrower or any of its Affiliates) (a Participant) in all or a portion
of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its commitments and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender
in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and (D) the Lenders shall not be permitted to sell participations to any Company Competitor regardless of whether any Event of Default (or a type thereof) is
continuing. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the 

-175- 

consent of the relevant Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in (x)
clause (A) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely affects the Loans or commitments in which such Participant has an interest and (y) clause (B)(1), (2) or
(3) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b). Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 9.05, the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15,
2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the limitations and requirements of such Sections and Section 2.19) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this
Section 9.05 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender, and if additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a)
or Section 2.17(c), to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent upon reasonable written request by the Parent Borrower). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of
Section 9.09 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. 

(ii) No Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17
than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Parent Borrowers prior written consent
expressly acknowledging that such Participants entitlement to benefits under Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 is not limited to what the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive absent the participation. 

Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on
which it enters the name and address of each Participant and their respective successors and assigns, and the principal amounts and stated interest of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the
Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a
Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit
or other obligation is in registered form under the Code or Treasury Regulations, including, without limitation, under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the Treasury Regulation (or, in each case, any amended, successor
or final version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of
this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(d)
(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security
interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (other than to any Disqualified Institution or any natural person) to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to
any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.05 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a
security interest shall release any Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender) may grant to a special
purpose funding vehicle (an SPC), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Parent Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrowers all or any part of any Loan that
such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to
exercise such option 

-176- 

or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make
such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of any Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment or Additional Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party
hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement (including its
obligations under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17) and no SPC shall be entitled to any greater amount under Section 2.13, 2.14 or 2.15 or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
that the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive, (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender) and (iii) the
Granting Lender shall for all purposes including approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of the Loan Documents, remain the Lender of record hereunder. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees
(which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one (1) year and one (1) day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will
not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof; provided that (i) such
SPCs Granting Lender is in compliance in all material respects with its obligations to the Borrowers hereunder and (ii) each Lender designating any SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any
loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such SPC during such period of forbearance. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.05, any SPC
may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Parent Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loan to the Granting Lender and
(ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. If a Granting Lender grants
an option to an SPC as described herein and such grant is not reflected in the Register, the Granting Lender shall maintain a separate register on which it records the name and address of each SPC and the principal amounts (and related interest) of
each SPCs interest with respect to the Loans, Commitments or other interests hereunder, which entries shall be conclusive absent manifest error and each Lender shall treat such SPC that is recorded in the register as the owner of such
interests for all purposes of the Loan Documents notwithstanding any notice to the contrary; provided, further, that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose any portion of such register to any Person except to the extent
disclosure is necessary to establish that the Loans, Commitments or other interests hereunder are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or as is otherwise required thereunder). 

(f) (i)(i) Any assignment or participation by a Lender without the Parent
Borrowers consent, to the extent the Borrowers consent is required under this Section 9.05, to any other Person shall, at the Parent Borrowers election, be treated in accordance with Section 9.05(g) below or
the Borrowers shall be entitled to seek specific performance to unwind any such assignment or participation in addition to injunctive relief or any other remedies available to the Borrowers at law or in equity. Upon the request of any Lender, who
agrees in writing for the benefit of the Borrowers to maintain confidentiality, the Parent Borrower shall make available to such Lender the names of Disqualified Institutions at the relevant time (other than any Affiliate thereof that is reasonably
identifiable on the basis of such Affiliates name) on a confidential basis and such Lender may provide such names to any potential assignee or participant on a confidential basis in accordance with Section 9.13 for the purpose of
verifying whether such Person is a Disqualified Institution. 

-177- 

(ii) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, in its
capacity as such, shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions (other than with respect to updating
the list with names of Disqualified Institutions provided in writing to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the definition of Disqualified Institution or providing the list (with such updates) upon request in accordance with this
Section 9.05). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not (i) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective
Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. 

(g) If any assignment or participation under this Section 9.05 is made to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution, to any
Person that cannot be reasonably identified as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to clause (a)(ii) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof as of the date of such assignment or participation and subsequently becomes reasonably
identifiable as a Disqualified Institution or to any Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution as to which the Parent Borrower did not expressly consent in writing, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (i) the Parent
Borrower may, at the Borrowers sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Person and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Person and repay all obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Person, (B) in the
case of any outstanding Term Loans, held by such Person, purchase such Term Loans by paying the lesser of (I) par and (II) the amount that such Person paid to acquire such Term Loans, plus accrued interest thereon, but without any premium,
penalty, prepayment fee or breakage, and/or (C) require such Person to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.05), all of its interests, rights and obligations under
this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees at the price indicated in clause (i) above; provided that in the case of clause (C) above, the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this
Section 9.05 (except that no registration and processing fee required under this Section 9.05 shall be required with respect to any assignment pursuant to this paragraph), (ii) for purposes of voting, any Loans and
Commitments held by such Person shall be deemed not to be outstanding, and such Person shall have no voting or consent rights with respect to Required Lender or class or facility vote or consents, (iii) for purposes of any matter
requiring the vote or consent of each Lender (or each Lender affected by any amendment or waiver), such Person shall be deemed to have voted or consented to approve such amendment or waiver if a majority of the affected Class or Facility (after
giving effect to clause (ii)) so approves, (iv) such Person shall not be permitted to attend meetings of the Lenders or receive information prepared by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, Holdings, the Parent Borrower or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement and will not be permitted to attend or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (v) such Person shall not be entitled to any expense
reimbursement or indemnification rights hereunder (including Section 9.03) or under any other Loan Document, (vi) such Person shall be otherwise deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, and (vii) in no event shall such Person be
entitled to receive amounts set forth in Section 2.13(d). Nothing in this Section 9.05(g) shall be deemed to prejudice any right or remedy that Holdings or the Borrowers may otherwise have at law or equity. Each Lender
acknowledges and agrees that Holdings and its subsidiaries will suffer irreparable harm if such Lender breaches any obligation under this Section 9.05 insofar as such obligation relates to any assignment, participation or pledge to any
Disqualified Institution without the Parent Borrowers prior written consent and, therefore, each Lender agrees that Holdings and/or any Borrower may seek to obtain specific performance or other equitable or injunctive relief to enforce this
Section 9.05(g) against such Lender with respect to such breach without posting a bond or presenting evidence of irreparable harm. 

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans to an Affiliated Lender on a non-pro rata basis (A) through Dutch Auctions open to all Lenders holding the relevant Initial Term Loans or such
Additional Term Loans, as applicable, on a pro rata basis or (B) through open market purchases, in each case with respect to clauses (A) and (B), without the consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that:

-178- 

(i) any Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans acquired by Holdings,
the Borrowers or any of their subsidiaries shall be retired and cancelled to the extent permitted by applicable law; provided that upon any such retirement and cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans
or Additional Term Loans, as applicable, shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so retired and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with
respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced on a pro rata basis by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so cancelled; 

(ii) any Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans acquired by any Non- Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required
to) be contributed to any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon such
contribution to the extent permitted by applicable law); provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans, as applicable, shall be deemed reduced, as of
the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Initial Term Loans
pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans so contributed and cancelled; 

(iii) the relevant Affiliated Lender and assigning Lender shall have executed an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption
and the Assignment shall have been recorded in the Register; 

(iv) after giving effect to such assignment and to all other
assignments to all Affiliated Lenders, the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans then held by all Affiliated Lenders shall not exceed 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans and
Additional Term Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof) (the Affiliated Lender Cap); provided that (x) each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the
Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by any Person in connection with any
compliance or non-compliance with this clause (g)(iv) or any purported assignment exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (it being understood and agreed that the Affiliated Lender Cap is intended to apply to any Loans made available to
Affiliated Lenders by means other than formal assignment (e.g., as a result of an acquisition of another Lender (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate)) by any Affiliated Lender or the provision of Additional Term Loans by any Affiliated
Lender); and (y) that to the extent that any assignment to any Affiliated Lender would result in the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans and Additional Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (after
giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof), the assignment of the relevant excess amount shall be deemed to have been contributed directly or indirectly to the relevant Borrower and cancelled; 

-179- 

(v) in connection with any assignment effected pursuant to a Dutch Auction
and/or open market purchase conducted by Holdings, the Borrowers or any of their subsidiaries, (A) the relevant Person may not use the proceeds of the ABL Facility or any Additional Revolving Loans to fund such assignment and (B) no Event of
Default exists at the time of acceptance of bids for the Dutch Auction or the confirmation of such open market purchase, as applicable; and 

(vi) by its acquisition of Term Loans, each relevant Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that:

(A) subject to clause (iv) above, the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be disregarded in both
the numerator and denominator in the calculation of any Required Lender or other Lender vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with the other Lenders that are not Affiliated
Lenders); provided that (x) such Affiliated Lender shall have the right to vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall not be so disregarded) with respect to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action
that requires the vote of all Lenders or all Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby, as the case may be, and (y) no amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action shall (1) disproportionately affect such Affiliated
Lender in its capacity as a Lender as compared to other Lenders of the same Class that are not Affiliated Lenders or (2) deprive any Affiliated Lender of its share of any payments which the Lenders are entitled to share on a pro rata
basis hereunder, in each case without the consent of such Affiliated Lender; and 

(B) such Affiliated Lender, solely
in its capacity as an Affiliated Lender, will not be entitled to (i) attend (including by telephone) or participate in any meeting or discussion (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any Lender or among Lenders to which the
Loan Parties or their representatives are not invited or (ii) receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more Lenders, except to
the extent such information or materials have been made available by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party or its representatives (and in any case, other than the right to receive notices of Borrowings, prepayments and other
administrative notices in respect of its Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article II); and 

(vii) no Affiliated Lender shall be required to represent or warrant that it is not in possession of material non-public
information with respect to Holdings, the Borrowers and/or any subsidiary thereof and/or their respective securities in connection with any assignment permitted by this Section 9.05(h). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement in respect of its Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans to any Debt Fund Affiliate, and any Debt Fund Affiliate may, from time to time, purchase Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans (x) on a non-pro rata basis
through Dutch Auctions open to all applicable Lenders or (y) on a non-pro rata basis through open market purchases without the consent of the Administrative Agent, in each case, notwithstanding the requirements set forth in subclauses
(i) through (vii) of this clause (g); provided that the Initial Term Loans, Additional Term Loans of all Debt Fund Affiliates shall not account for more than 49.9% of the amounts included in determining whether the Required
Lenders have (A) consented to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, or 

-180- 

subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph, any plan of reorganization pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code,
(B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document. Any
Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans acquired by any Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any
Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so contributed shall be retired and cancelled immediately to the extent permitted by applicable law); provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
Initial Term Loans or other Term Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each
principal repayment installment with respect to the Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Loans so contributed and cancelled. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, each Affiliated Lender hereby agrees that, if a
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law is commenced by or against any Borrower or any other Loan Party at a time when such Lender is an Affiliated Lender, such Affiliated Lender irrevocably authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent to vote on
behalf of such Affiliated Lender with respect to the Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender in the same proportion as the vote of Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders on the relevant matter; provided
that in connection with any matter that proposes to treat any Obligations held by such Affiliated Lender in a manner that is different than the proposed treatment of similar Obligations held by Lenders that are not Affiliates, (a) such
Affiliated Lender shall be entitled to vote in accordance with its sole discretion and (b) the Administrative Agent shall not be entitled to vote on behalf of such Affiliated Lender. Each Affiliated Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the
Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Affiliated Lenders attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Affiliated Lender and in the name of such Affiliated Lender (solely in
respect of Initial Term Loans or Additional Term Loans and participations therein and not in respect of any other claim or status that such Affiliated Lender may otherwise have), from time to time in the Administrative Agents discretion to
take any action and to execute any instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of (but subject to the limitations set forth in) this paragraph. 

Section 9.06. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents
and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery
of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge of any existing Default or Event of
Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17, 8.01,
9.03 and 9.13 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of any Additional Commitment, the
occurrence of the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof but in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement. 

-181- 

Section 9.07. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.

(a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Intercreditor Agreements (and any other Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) and the Engagement Letter and
any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or
written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by Holdings, each Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof which, when
taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or by email as a .pdf or .tiff attachment shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b) This Agreement and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or
authorization related to this Agreement (each a Communication), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan
Parties and each of the Administrative Agent, and each Credit Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that
any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original
signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of
doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed
Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic
Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an
Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under
any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the
Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any
Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof,
Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness
or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf
or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be any
electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise
authenticated, in each case. 

-182- 

Each of the Loan Parties and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to
contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative
Agent, each Credit Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Credit Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan
Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature, except, in each case, to the extent resulting from the Administrative Agents gross negligence or willful
misconduct. 

Section 9.08. Severability. To the extent permitted by law, any provision of any Loan Document held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 9.09. Right of Setoff. At any time when an Event of Default exists, upon the written consent of the Administrative Agent,
each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final)
at any time held and other obligations (in any currency) at any time owing by the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Affiliate (including by branches and agencies of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, wherever located) to or for the credit
or the account of any Borrower or any Loan Party against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Affiliate, in each case, except to the extent such amounts, deposits, obligations, credit or account
constitute Excluded Assets, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch
or office of such Lender different than the branch or office holding such deposit or obligation on such Indebtedness. Any applicable Lender or Affiliate shall promptly notify the Parent Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or
application; provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section 9.09 except to the extent such amounts, deposits, obligations,
credit or account constitute Excluded Assets. The rights of each Lender, the Administrative Agent and each Affiliate under this Section 9.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such
Lender, the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate may have. 

Section 9.10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of
Process. 

(a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS) AND ANY CLAIM,
CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS), WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT (AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

-183- 

(b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its
property, to the exclusive jurisdiction (subject to the last sentence of this clause (b)) of any U.S. Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, in the City of New York (or any appellate court therefrom) over any
suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding shall (except as permitted below) be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent
permitted by law, federal court. Each party hereto agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed to such person shall be effective service of process against such Person for any suit, action or
proceeding brought in any such court. Each party hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each party hereto agrees
that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties retain the right to bring proceedings against any loan party in the courts of any other jurisdiction solely in connection with the exercise of any rights under any Collateral Document. 

(c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection
which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this
Section 9.10. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claim or defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action, suit or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) To the extent permitted by law, each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of any and all process upon it and agrees
that all such service of process may be made by registered mail (or any substantially similar form of mail) directed to it at its address for notices as provided for in Section 9.01. 

(e) Each party hereto hereby waives any objection to such service of process and further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim
in any action or proceeding commenced hereunder or under any loan document that service of process was invalid and ineffective. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR
OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11. 

Section 9.12. Headings. Article and Section headings and the
Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

-184- 

Section 9.13. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and
each Arranger agrees (and each Lender agrees to cause its SPC, if any) to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (as defined below), except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates
directors, officers, managers, employees, independent auditors, or other experts and advisors, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (collectively, the Representatives) on a need to know basis solely in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential;
provided that (x) such Person shall be responsible for its Affiliates and their Representatives compliance with this paragraph and (y) unless the Parent Borrower otherwise consents, no such disclosure shall be made by
the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Lender or any Affiliate or Representative thereof to any Affiliate or Representative of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any Lender that is a Disqualified Institution, (b) upon the demand or
request of any regulatory or Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory body or any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank acting as pledgee pursuant to Section 9.05) purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its
Affiliates (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self- regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to
the extent practicable and permitted by law, (i) inform the Parent Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment),
(c) to the extent compelled by legal process in, or reasonably necessary to, the defense of such legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, in any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by applicable
Requirements of Law (in which case such Person shall (i) to the extent practicable and permitted by law, inform the Parent Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such
information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) to any Lender, Participant, counterparty or prospective Lender, Participant or counterparty, subject to an acknowledgment and
agreement by the relevant recipient that the Confidential Information is being disseminated on a confidential basis (on substantially the terms set forth in this paragraph or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Parent Borrower and the
Administrative Agent) in accordance with the standard syndication process of the Arrangers or market standards for dissemination of the relevant type of information, which shall in any event require click through or other affirmative
action on the part of the recipient to access the Confidential Information and acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect thereof, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or
prospective Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, including any SPC (in each case other than a Disqualified Institution), (ii) any pledgee referred to in Section 9.05 and (iii) any actual or
prospective, direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or its advisors) to any Derivative Transaction (including any credit default swap) or similar derivative product to which any Loan Party is a party, (f) with the prior written consent of
the Parent Borrower and subject to the Parent Borrowers prior approval of the information to be disclosed (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to one or more ratings agencies in connection with obtaining ratings (including shadow
ratings) of any Borrower or the Loans, (g) to the extent the Confidential Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.13 by such Person, its Affiliates or their respective
Representatives, (h) to insurers, any numbering administration or settlement services providers on a need to know basis solely in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature
of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential; provided that any disclosure made in reliance on this clause (h) is limited to the
general terms of this Agreement and does not include financial or other information relating to Holdings, the Borrowers and/or any of their respective subsidiaries and (i) to the extent required to be so disclosed in any public filings by a
Lender with the SEC. For purposes of this Section 9.13, Confidential Information means all information relating to the Borrowers and/or any of their subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the Sponsor or the
Transactions (including any information obtained by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger, or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, based on a review of the books and records relating to the Borrowers and/or any of
their subsidiaries and 

-185- 

their respective Affiliates from time to time, including prior to the date hereof) other than any such
information that is publicly available to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or Lender on a non- confidential basis prior to disclosure by any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any disclosure of
any Confidential Information be made to Person that is a Disqualified Institution at the time of disclosure. 

Section 9.14. No
Fiduciary Duty. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, each Lender and their respective Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders), may have economic interests that conflict with
those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and/or their respective affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other
implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates, on the other. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents
(including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arms-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the
process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the
exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective Affiliates on
other matters) or any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of such Loan Party, its respective
management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, tax and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making
its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. 

Section 9.15. Several
Obligations. The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations
hereunder. 

Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan
Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Section 9.17. Disclosure. Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or its
Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 

Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting
Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in Collateral which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession and such possession is required by the Perfection
Requirements. If any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtains possession of any Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof; and, promptly upon the Administrative Agents request therefor shall deliver such
Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agents instructions. 

-186- 

Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charged Amounts), shall
exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect
of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charged Amounts payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charged Amounts that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not
payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.19 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charged Amounts payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor)
until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

Section 9.20. Intercreditor Agreement. 

REFERENCE IS MADE TO THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS AND EACH OTHER APPLICABLE ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. EACH LENDER HEREUNDER AGREES
THAT IT WILL BE BOUND BY AND WILL TAKE NO ACTIONS CONTRARY TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS OR SUCH OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AS AGENT AND ON BEHALF OF SUCH LENDER. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 9.20 ARE NOT INTENDED TO SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY
OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH LENDER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING ITS OWN
ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT (AND ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT) AND THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY LENDER AS TO
THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS OR ANY OTHER ACCEPTABLE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. 

Section 9.21. Conflicts. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document (but excluding
any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document (excluding any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), the terms of this Agreement shall
govern and control; provided that in the case of any conflict or inconsistency between any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of such Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and
control. 

-187- 

Section 9.22. Release of Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything in
Section 9.02(b) to the contrary, any Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder (and its Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released) (x) upon the consummation of any permitted transaction
or series of related transactions if as a result thereof such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder) as
certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower, (y) in the case of any Discretionary Guarantor, the Parent Borrower elects, in its sole discretion, any Discretionary Guarantor to be released from its obligations hereunder, so long as
in the case of any such Discretionary Guarantor that is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent Borrower, (i) such Discretionary Guarantor is or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions
permitted hereunder; and (ii) after giving effect to such election and release, the Indebtedness of such Discretionary Guarantor outstanding upon such election and release will be deemed to constitute Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary
that is not a Loan Party for purposes of this Agreement, in each case as certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent Borrower, and/or (z) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date. In connection with any such release, the Administrative
Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to the relevant Loan Party, at such Loan Partys expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant
to the preceding sentence of this Section 9.22 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent (other than as to the Administrative Agents authority to execute and deliver such documents). 

Section 9.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such
liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any
such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 9.24. Lender
Representation. Each Lender as of the Closing Date represents and warrants as of the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent and each other Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, for the benefit of
any Borrower or any other Loan Party, that such Lender is not and will not be (1) an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of ERISA, (2) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Code; (3) an entity deemed to hold
plan assets of any such plans or accounts for purposes of ERISA or the Code; or (4) a governmental plan within the meaning of ERISA. 

-188- 

Section 9.25. Undesignation of a Borrower. The Parent Borrower may undesignate
any Borrower (other than PQ or Ecovyst, as applicable) as a Borrower by delivering to the Administrative Agent prior written notice thereof so long as the Loans and all other principal, interest, fees and other amounts and Obligations due of such
undesignated Borrower have been paid in full (or, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and subject to documentation reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, have been
assumed by another Borrower). Such undesignation shall, subject to the forgoing sentence, be at the sole discretion of the Parent Borrower, and it may be made in connection with a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or
property of any Borrower (other than PQ or Ecovyst, as applicable) that is otherwise permitted by this Agreement, or in connection with any other transaction that is otherwise permitted by this Agreement pursuant to which any Borrower (other than PQ
or Ecovyst, as applicable) ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary. 

Section 9.26. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or
for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, 

(ii) the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain
transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving
insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is
applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975 , such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,
(C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84- 14 and (D) to the best
knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this
Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative
Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause
(a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and
warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that: 

-189- 

(i) none of the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or their respective
Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or
thereto), 

(ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other
person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least $50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E), 

(iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of
the Obligations), 

(iv) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance
into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for
exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 

(v) no fee or other compensation is being
paid directly to the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement. 

(c) The Administrative Agent and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial
investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof
(i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest
in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees,
facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment
fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

Section 9.27. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a
guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and
agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations
promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in
fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

-190- 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a
Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC
and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime
if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a
Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party
are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the
United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender hereunder shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party under a Supported QFC or
any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 9.27, the following terms have the following meanings:

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with,
12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term
qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[Signature Pages
Follow] 

-191-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ecvt-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ecvt-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ecvt-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 30, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001708035

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Ecovyst Inc.

Entity File Number 001-38221

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3406833

Entity Address, Address Line One 300 Lindenwood Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Malvern

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19355

City Area Code (484)

Local Phone Number 617-1200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol ECVT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.ecovyst.com//20250130/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d907398d8k.htm 
ecvt-20250130.xsd 
ecvt-20250130_lab.xml 
ecvt-20250130_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-017743-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d907398d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001708035 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

false 
0001708035 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
Ecovyst Inc. 
001-38221 
DE 
81-3406833 
300 Lindenwood Drive 
Malvern 
PA 
19355 
(484) 
617-1200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
ECVT 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>