<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-036781.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-036781.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226162653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-036781
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LPL Financial Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001397911
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				203717839
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34963
		FILM NUMBER:		25670563

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4707 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-877-7210

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4707 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LPL Investment Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070427
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d919242d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000139791100013979112025-02-262025-02-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2025

LPL Financial Holdings Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-34963 20-3717839

(State or other jurisdictions

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification. No)

4707 Executive Drive, San Diego, California 92121

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (800)877-7210

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrants under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock - par value $0.001 per share LPLA The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Issuance of 5.200% Senior Notes due 2030 and 5.650% Senior Notes due 2035 

On February 26, 2025, LPL Holdings, Inc. (the Company), a wholly-owned subsidiary of LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (the Guarantor), completed the issuance and sale of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.200% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.650% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated November 17, 2023, among the Company, the Guarantor and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 26, 2025 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture), and by the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 26, 2025 (the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, and, together with the Base Indenture and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture). The Indenture contains customary covenants and events of default. 

The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor. 

The sale of the Senior Notes has been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the Companys and the Guarantors shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-274631 and 333-274631-02).

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Senior Notes offering to repay outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. 

The 2030 Notes will mature on March 15, 2030, and will bear interest at the rate of 5.200% per year, with interest payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. The Company may redeem all or part of the 2030 Notes at any time and from time to time prior to February 15, 2030 (the 2030 Par Call Date) at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2030 Notes matured on the 2030 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Fourth Supplemental Indenture) plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. On or after the 2030 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2030 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

The 2035 Notes will mature on March 15, 2035, and will bear interest at the rate of 5.650% per year, with interest payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. The Company may redeem all or part of the 2035 Notes at any time and from time to time prior to December 15, 2034 (the 2035 Par Call Date) at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2035 Notes matured on the 2035 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Fifth Supplemental Indenture) plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. On or after the 2035 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2035 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Senior Notes and the Indenture are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Base Indenture, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the Form of 5.200% Senior Note due 2030 and the Form of 5.650% Senior Note due 2035, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3. 4.4 and 4.5, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

4.1 Indenture, dated November 17, 2023, among LPL Holdings, Inc., LPL Financial Holdings Inc., as the Guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Guarantors Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2023) 

4.2 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 26, 2025, among LPL Holdings, Inc., LPL Financial Holdings Inc., as the Guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 

4.3 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 26, 2025, among LPL Holdings, Inc., LPL Financial Holdings Inc., as the Guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 

4.4 Form of 5.200% Senior Note due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture) 

4.5 Form of 5.650% Senior Note due 2035 (included as Exhibit A to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture) 

5.1 Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP 

23.1 Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1 hereto) 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

LPL FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

/s/ Althea Brown

Name: Althea Brown

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Dated: February 26, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d919242dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 26, 2025, among LPL Holdings, Inc.,
a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), LPL Financial Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Parent Guarantor), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as
trustee (the Trustee). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Parent Guarantor have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of
November 17, 2023 (the Indenture), to provide for the issuance from time to time of the Companys Securities, to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Indenture, and for the guarantee of the Securities by
the Guarantors to the extent described therein. 

WHEREAS, Sections 2.1 and 10.1 of the Indenture provide, among other things, that the
Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee may, without the consent of the Holders, enter into indentures supplemental to the Indenture to establish the form and terms of Securities of any series and to provide for the issuance of the Notes (as
defined below); 

WHEREAS, the Company intends by this Supplemental Indenture to create and provide for the issuance of a new series of
Securities to be designated as the 5.200% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 10.1(9) of the Indenture, the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture to amend or supplement the Indenture (as it relates to the Notes), without the consent of any
Holder; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee,
issued upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth hereinafter and in the Indenture and delivered as provided in the Indenture against payment therefor, valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company and the Parent Guarantor, as
applicable, according to their terms, and all actions required to be taken by the Company and the Parent Guarantor under the Indenture to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and legal agreement of the Company and the Parent Guarantor,
have been done. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the
Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of any series thereof, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions and
Incorporation by Reference 

Section 1.1. Definitions. (a) All capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall
have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. 

(b) The following are definitions used in this Supplemental Indenture, and to the extent
that a term is defined both herein and in the Indenture, the definition in this Supplemental Indenture shall govern with respect to the Notes. 

Additional Note has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(f) hereof. 

Credit Agreement means the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2017, among the Company, the
Parent Guarantor, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders and the other parties party thereto from time to time (as amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented, refinanced, replaced or
otherwise modified from time to time with borrowings or commitments from lenders under one or more credit agreements). 

Default, when used in Section 5.5, Section 8.2 and Section 8.3 of the Indenture and
Section 4.3 of this Supplemental Indenture, means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 

Indenture has the meaning provided in the recitals. 

Interest Payment Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(c) hereof. 

Issue Date means the date on which the Notes are originally issued. 

Maturity Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(b) hereof. 

Notes has the meaning provided in the recitals. 

Par Call Date means February 15, 2030. 

Permitted Liens means (1) liens for taxes or assessment or governmental charges or levies (a) that are not then
due and delinquent or (b) the validity of which is being contested in good faith; (2) judgment liens arising from any litigation or legal proceedings which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
(3) deposits to secure (or in lieu of) surety, stay, appeal or customs bonds; (4) liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of
business which secure payment of obligations not more than 60 days past due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside on its books in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; (5) liens arising out of pledges or deposits under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security or retirement benefits, or similar legislation;
(6) any liens existing on the Issue Date (other than liens securing the Credit Agreement); (7) liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,275,000,000; (8) any extension,
renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or in part, of any liens referred to in the foregoing clauses (3), (4), (5) and (6), provided that the principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money secured
thereby and not otherwise authorized as a Permitted Lien shall not exceed the principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money, plus any premium or fee payable in connection with any such extension, renewal or replacement, so secured at the time
of such extension, renewal or replacement; and (9) liens securing cash management and treasury services arising in the ordinary course of business. 

2 

Principal Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company or the Parent
Guarantor the total assets of which as set forth in the most recent statement of financial condition of such Subsidiary equal more than 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, and their respective
Subsidiaries as determined from the most recent consolidated statement of financial condition of the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, and their respective Subsidiaries. 

Regular Record Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(c) hereof. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company
shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call
Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing 

3 

on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Section 1.2.
Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. This Supplemental Indenture is subject to the mandatory provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, which are hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Supplemental Indenture.
The following Trust Indenture Act terms have the following meanings: 

indenture securities means the Notes. 

indenture security holder means a Holder of the Notes. 

indenture to be qualified means this Supplemental Indenture. 

indenture trustee or institutional trustee means the Trustee. 

obligor on the indenture securities means the Company, the Parent Guarantor and any other obligor on the indenture securities, if
any. 

Section 1.3. Rules of Construction. The provisions in the first sentence of Section 1.1 of the Indenture shall
apply to this Supplemental Indenture, mutatis mutandis. 

ARTICLE II 

Application of Supplemental Indenture 

and Creation, Forms, Terms and Conditions of Notes 

Section 2.1. Application of this Supplemental Indenture. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Supplemental Indenture, the
provisions of this Supplemental Indenture, including the covenants set forth herein, are expressly and solely for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, and any such provisions shall not be deemed to apply to any other Securities issued under the
Indenture and shall not be deemed to amend, modify or supplement the Indenture for any purpose other than with respect to the Notes. The Notes constitute a separate series of Securities as provided in Section 2.1 of the Indenture. 

Section 2.2. Creation of the Notes. In accordance with Section 2.1 of the Indenture, the Company hereby creates the Notes as
a separate series of its Securities issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes shall be issued initially in an aggregate principal amount of $750,000,000. 

4 

Section 2.3. Form of the Notes. The Notes shall each be issued in the form of a
Global Security, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, which shall be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for the Depository or its nominee and registered in the name of the Depository or its nominee. The Depository for
the Notes shall initially be DTC, and the Notes representing Global Securities shall initially be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC. The Notes shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto. So long as the Depository or its nominee is the registered owner of a Global Security, the Depository or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes
represented by such Global Security for all purposes under the Indenture and under such Notes. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Security shall be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effective only through, records maintained by
the Depository or its nominee (with respect to beneficial interests of participants) or by participants or Persons that hold interests through participants (with respect to beneficial interests of beneficial owners). 

Section 2.4. Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes shall be governed by all the terms and conditions of the Indenture, as
supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture. In particular, the following provisions shall be terms of the Notes: 

(a) Title; No
Limit. The title of the Notes shall be as specified in the Recitals; and the aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall be unlimited. 

(b) Stated Maturity. The Notes shall mature, and the principal of the Notes shall be due and payable in U.S. Dollars to the Holders
thereof, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on March 15, 2030 (the Maturity Date). 

(c)
Payment of Principal and Interest. The Notes shall bear interest at 5.200% per annum, from and including February 26, 2025, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date on which interest has been paid or provided for, until the
principal thereof becomes due and payable, and on any overdue principal. Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months. Interest on the Notes shall be payable semi-annually in arrears in U.S. Dollars on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025 (each such date, an
Interest Payment Date for the purposes of this Supplemental Indenture). Payments of interest shall be made to the Person in whose name a Note (or predecessor Note) is registered (which shall initially be the Depository) at the
close of business on the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not that date is a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date (each such date, a Regular Record Date for the purposes
of the Notes under this Supplemental Indenture). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Indenture, (i) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, that Interest Payment Date
shall be postponed to the next date that is a Business Day and (ii) if the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest for the Notes shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were
made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable in respect of such Notes for the period from and after the Maturity Date to the next Business Day. 

(d) Registration and Form. The Notes shall be issuable initially as Global Securities as provided in
Section 2.3 hereof. The Notes shall be issued and may be transferred 

5 

only in minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. All payments of principal, Redemption Price and accrued unpaid interest in respect of the Notes shall be
made by the Company as set forth in the Notes. 

(e) Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The provisions for legal defeasance
in Section 11.3 of the Indenture, and the provisions for covenant defeasance in Section 11.4 of the Indenture, shall be applicable to the Notes. If the Company shall effect a defeasance of the Notes pursuant to Section 11.3 or
Section 11.4 of the Indenture, the Company shall cease to have any obligation to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth in Article IV of this Supplemental Indenture. 

(f) Further Issuance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Indenture, the Company may, from time to time, without
giving notice to or seeking consent of the Holders of the Notes, create and issue additional Notes having the same interest rate, maturity and other terms (except for the issue date, the public offering price, the first Interest Payment Date and the
date from which interest shall accrue) as, and ranking equally and ratably with, the Notes (Additional Notes). Additional Notes, together with the previously outstanding Notes, shall constitute and form a single series of Notes
under the Indenture, including for purposes of voting and redemptions, and any Additional Notes will be fungible with the existing Notes for United States federal income tax purposes. No Additional Notes may be issued if an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing with respect to the Notes or if the Additional Notes will not be fungible with the existing Notes for United States federal income tax purposes. 

(g) Redemption. The Notes are subject to redemption by the Company in whole or in part in the manner described herein. 

(h) Ranking; Guarantees. The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company and will: (i) rank equally in right of
payment with all of the Companys other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and (ii) rank senior in right of payment to all of the Companys future subordinated indebtedness. The Notes will be guaranteed initially by the Parent
Guarantor and thereafter to the extent described in the Indenture. 

(i) Sinking Fund. The Notes are not entitled to any sinking
fund. 

(a) Conversion. The Notes are not convertible into shares of common stock or other securities of the Company, any Guarantor
or any other Person. 

(b) Other Terms and Conditions. The Notes shall have such other terms and conditions as provided in the form
thereof attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

ARTICLE III 

Redemption; Certain Purchases 

Section 3.1. Optional Redemption. (a) Prior to the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or
in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date

6 

(assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either
case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

(c) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.1 hereof shall be made in accordance with Article III of the Indenture. 

Section 3.2. Open Market Purchases. The Company, the Parent Guarantor and their respective Affiliates may acquire Notes from the
Holders thereof from time to time, in the open market, in private transactions or otherwise. Any Notes acquired by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates may, at the acquirors discretion, be held, resold or
canceled. 

ARTICLE IV 

Covenants 

The covenants
set forth in this Article IV shall be applicable to the Company and the Guarantors, as applicable, for so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, in addition to the covenants in Article V of the Indenture, which
shall in all respects be applicable in respect of the Notes. 

Section 4.1. Limitation on Liens. Neither the Company nor the
Parent Guarantor will, and neither of them will permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, assume, incur or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money secured by a pledge, lien or other encumbrance, except for Permitted Liens, on the
voting securities of any Principal Subsidiary unless the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, causes the series of Securities (and if the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, so elects, any other indebtedness ranking on a
parity with the series of Securities) to be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, prior to) any indebtedness for borrowed money secured thereby for so long as such indebtedness for
borrowed money is so secured. 

Section 4.2. Excepted Indebtedness. Notwithstanding Section 4.1
hereof, and without limiting the Companys, the Parent Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries ability to issue, incur, create, assume or guarantee indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens, the Company, the Parent
Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries will be permitted to incur indebtedness for borrowed money secured by a lien, without regard to the restrictions contained 

7 

in Section 4.1 hereof, if at the time the indebtedness for borrowed money is incurred and after giving effect to such indebtedness for borrowed money and to the
retirement of indebtedness which is concurrently being retired, the aggregate principal amount of all indebtedness for borrowed money secured by liens that are restricted by, and not otherwise permitted by, Section 4.1
hereof, does not exceed 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, as determined according to generally accepted accounting principles. 

Section 4.3. Notice to the Trustee. If any Default or Event of Default under Section 5.1 hereof has
occurred and is continuing, within 30 Business Days after its becoming aware of such occurrence, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate specifying such event and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take
with respect thereto. 

ARTICLE V 

Events of Default 

Section 5.1. Events of Default. The Events of Default in Article VII of the Indenture shall be applicable to the Notes. In
addition, the following shall be Events of Default with respect to the Notes: 

(a) default by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of
their respective Subsidiaries in the payment at its stated final maturity, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, indebtedness for money borrowed in the aggregate principal amount
then outstanding of $75.0 million or more, or acceleration of the Companys, the Parent Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries indebtedness for money borrowed in such aggregate principal amount or more so that it
becomes due and payable before the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, if such default is not cured or waived, or such acceleration is not rescinded, within 30 days after notice to the Company and the Parent Guarantor by
the Trustee or to the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee by Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, in accordance with the Indenture; provided, however, that if any failure, default or
acceleration referred to above ceases or is cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default will be deemed cured; or 

(b)
failure by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, within 60 days, to pay, bond or otherwise discharge any final, non-appealable judgments or orders for the payment of money
the total uninsured amount of which for the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries exceeds $75.0 million, which are not stayed on appeal. 

ARTICLE VI 

Miscellaneous

Section 6.1. Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby, the
Indenture is in all respects ratified and 

8 

confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every
Holder heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 

Section 6.2. Conflict with Trust Indenture
Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof which is required to be included in this Supplemental Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control.
If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by Section 318(c) of the Trust Indenture Act, such imposed duties shall control. If any provision of this Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with
a provision of the Trust Indenture Act that is required under the Trust Indenture Act to be a part of and govern this Supplemental Indenture, such provision of the Trust Indenture Act shall control. If any provision of this Supplemental Indenture
modifies or excludes any provision of the Trust Indenture Act that may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Supplemental Indenture as such provision of the Trust Indenture Act is so modified or excluded,
as the case may be. 

Section 6.3. Governing Law. This Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of New York. This Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, that are required to be part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such
provisions. 

Section 6.4. Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic transmission (in .pdf or
other format) shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or
electronically (in .pdf or other format) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

Section 6.5.
Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 6.6. The Trustee. In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every
provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of
the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Company and the Parent Guarantor. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY:

LPL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Matthew J. Audette

Name: Matthew J. Audette

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

PARENT GUARANTOR:

LPL FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

/s/ Matthew J. Audette

Name: Matthew J. Audette

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the date first written above. 

TRUSTEE:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture]

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES
DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE
OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY
(AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

CUSIP 50212YAL8 

ISIN US50212YAL83 

5.200% Senior
Notes due 2030 

No. R-[] $[]

Issue Date: February 26, 2025 

LPL Holdings, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns, the principal sum set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto on March 15, 2030. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15 

Record Dates: March 1 and September 1 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

LPL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

5.200% Senior Notes due 2030 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Date: 

5.200% Senior Notes due 2030 

[Back of Note] 

5.200 % Senior Notes due 2030 

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

1. INTEREST. The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at 5.200% per annum from and including
February 26, 2025, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) on which interest has been paid or provided for, until the principal thereof becomes due and payable, and on any overdue principal. The Company will pay
interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears in U.S. Dollars on March 15 and September 15 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date);
provided that the first Interest Payment Date shall be September 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve
30-day months. 

2. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes, if any, to the
Persons who are registered Holders at the close of business on the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not that date is a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are cancelled after
such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.7 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Payment of interest, if any, may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set
forth in the register of Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Holder or Holders thereof will be required with respect to principal of and any interest and premium on
all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided wire transfer instructions to the Company or the Paying Agent. Until otherwise designated by the Company, the Companys office or agency will be the office of the
Trustee maintained for such purpose. Such payment shall be in such currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

3. PAYING AGENT AND SECURITY REGISTRAR. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as
Paying Agent and Security Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Security Registrar without prior written notice, other than notice to the Trustee; provided, however, that the Company will maintain at least one Paying
Agent in the City of New York, New York. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates may act as Paying Agent or Security Registrar. 

4. INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of November 17, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Base Indenture), among the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee, as supplemented by the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), among the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee. This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of the Company designated as its 5.200%
Senior Notes due 2030. The Company may issue 

Additional Notes pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes are subject to the terms included in the Indenture, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent
any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

5. OPTIONAL REDEMPTION. Prior to February 15, 2030 (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes at its
option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption
Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as
defined below) plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding,
the Redemption Date. On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and
unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption
Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the
Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the
yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) 
H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15
TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the
Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter
than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and
rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining
Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
Redemption Date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the 

2 

second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no
United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with
a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or
two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par
based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of
the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to
three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 5 hereof shall be made in accordance with Article III of the Indenture. 

The Company, the Parent Guarantor and their respective Affiliates may acquire Notes from the Holders thereof from time to time, in the open
market, in private transactions or otherwise. Any Notes acquired by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates may, at the acquirors discretion, be held, resold or canceled. 

6. DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Security Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate
endorsements and transfer documents and the Company may require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. Also, the Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days
before the mailing or electronic delivery of a notice of redemption of Notes to be redeemed. 

7. PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. Prior to due
presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, any Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee, including a Paying Agent, may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the
owner of this Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and (subject to Section 2.7 of the Indenture) interest on this Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Note be overdue, and
neither the Company, any Guarantor, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee, including a Paying Agent, shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

8. AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. The Indenture, the Guarantees or the Notes may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture.

3 

9. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Events of Default relating to the Notes are defined in the
Indenture. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the rights and obligations of the Company, any Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall be as set forth in the applicable provisions of the Indenture. 

10. AUTHENTICATION. This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until
authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee. 

11. GUARANTEES; DELIVERY OF GUARANTEE. As provided in Section 12.1 of the
Indenture, all the obligations of the Company to the Holders of the Notes or the Trustee under the Indenture or this Note are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors to each Holder of this Note once authenticated and delivered
by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, this Note, the obligations of the Company under the Indenture or the Note or irrespective of restrictions of any kind
on the Companys performance of its obligations under the Note. The delivery of this Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in Section 12.1 of the Indenture
on behalf of each Guarantor for the Notes. 

11. GOVERNING LAW. THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND ANY GUARANTEE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

4 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE 

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Global Note is $[]. The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an
interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

decrease
in

Principal

Amount 

Amount of

increase
in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Principal

Amount of this

Global
Note

following such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory
of

Trustee or Note

Custodian

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d919242dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 26, 2025, among LPL Holdings, Inc., a
Massachusetts corporation (the Company), LPL Financial Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Parent Guarantor), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee
(the Trustee). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Parent Guarantor have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of
November 17, 2023 (the Indenture), to provide for the issuance from time to time of the Companys Securities, to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Indenture, and for the guarantee of the Securities by
the Guarantors to the extent described therein. 

WHEREAS, Sections 2.1 and 10.1 of the Indenture provide, among other things, that the
Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee may, without the consent of the Holders, enter into indentures supplemental to the Indenture to establish the form and terms of Securities of any series and to provide for the issuance of the Notes (as
defined below); 

WHEREAS, the Company intends by this Supplemental Indenture to create and provide for the issuance of a new series of
Securities to be designated as the 5.650% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 10.1(9) of the Indenture, the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture to amend or supplement the Indenture (as it relates to the Notes), without the consent of any
Holder; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee,
issued upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth hereinafter and in the Indenture and delivered as provided in the Indenture against payment therefor, valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company and the Parent Guarantor, as
applicable, according to their terms, and all actions required to be taken by the Company and the Parent Guarantor under the Indenture to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and legal agreement of the Company and the Parent Guarantor,
have been done. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the
Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of any series thereof, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions and
Incorporation by Reference 

Section 1.1. Definitions. (a) All capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall
have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. 

(b) The following are definitions used in this Supplemental Indenture, and to the extent
that a term is defined both herein and in the Indenture, the definition in this Supplemental Indenture shall govern with respect to the Notes. 

Additional Note has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(f) hereof. 

Credit Agreement means the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2017, among the Company, the
Parent Guarantor, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders and the other parties party thereto from time to time (as amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented, refinanced, replaced or
otherwise modified from time to time with borrowings or commitments from lenders under one or more credit agreements). 

Default, when used in Section 5.5, Section 8.2 and Section 8.3 of the Indenture and
Section 4.3 of this Supplemental Indenture, means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 

Indenture has the meaning provided in the recitals. 

Interest Payment Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(c) hereof. 

Issue Date means the date on which the Notes are originally issued. 

Maturity Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(b) hereof. 

Notes has the meaning provided in the recitals. 

Par Call Date means December 15, 2034. 

Permitted Liens means (1) liens for taxes or assessment or governmental charges or levies (a) that are not then
due and delinquent or (b) the validity of which is being contested in good faith; (2) judgment liens arising from any litigation or legal proceedings which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
(3) deposits to secure (or in lieu of) surety, stay, appeal or customs bonds; (4) liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of
business which secure payment of obligations not more than 60 days past due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside on its books in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; (5) liens arising out of pledges or deposits under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security or retirement benefits, or similar legislation;
(6) any liens existing on the Issue Date (other than liens securing the Credit Agreement); (7) liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,275,000,000; (8) any extension,
renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or in part, of any liens referred to in the foregoing clauses (3), (4), (5) and (6), provided that the principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money secured
thereby and not otherwise authorized as a Permitted Lien shall not exceed the principal amount of indebtedness for borrowed money, plus any premium or fee payable in connection with any such extension, renewal or replacement, so secured at the time
of such extension, renewal or replacement; and (9) liens securing cash management and treasury services arising in the ordinary course of business. 

2 

Principal Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company or the Parent
Guarantor the total assets of which as set forth in the most recent statement of financial condition of such Subsidiary equal more than 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, and their respective
Subsidiaries as determined from the most recent consolidated statement of financial condition of the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, and their respective Subsidiaries. 

Regular Record Date has the meaning provided in Section 2.4(c) hereof. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company
shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call
Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing 

3 

on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Section 1.2. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. This Supplemental Indenture is subject to the mandatory
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, which are hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Supplemental Indenture. The following Trust Indenture Act terms have the following meanings: 

indenture securities means the Notes. 

indenture security holder means a Holder of the Notes. 

indenture to be qualified means this Supplemental Indenture. 

indenture trustee or institutional trustee means the Trustee. 

obligor on the indenture securities means the Company, the Parent Guarantor and any other obligor on the indenture securities, if
any. 

Section 1.3. Rules of Construction. The provisions in the first sentence of Section 1.1 of the Indenture shall
apply to this Supplemental Indenture, mutatis mutandis. 

ARTICLE II 

Application of Supplemental Indenture 

and Creation, Forms, Terms and Conditions of Notes 

Section 2.1. Application of this Supplemental Indenture. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Supplemental Indenture, the
provisions of this Supplemental Indenture, including the covenants set forth herein, are expressly and solely for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, and any such provisions shall not be deemed to apply to any other Securities issued under the
Indenture and shall not be deemed to amend, modify or supplement the Indenture for any purpose other than with respect to the Notes. The Notes constitute a separate series of Securities as provided in Section 2.1 of the Indenture. 

Section 2.2. Creation of the Notes. In accordance with Section 2.1 of the Indenture, the Company hereby creates the Notes as
a separate series of its Securities issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes shall be issued initially in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000. 

4 

Section 2.3. Form of the Notes. The Notes shall each be issued in the form of a
Global Security, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, which shall be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for the Depository or its nominee and registered in the name of the Depository or its nominee. The Depository for
the Notes shall initially be DTC, and the Notes representing Global Securities shall initially be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC. The Notes shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto. So long as the Depository or its nominee is the registered owner of a Global Security, the Depository or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes
represented by such Global Security for all purposes under the Indenture and under such Notes. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Security shall be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effective only through, records maintained by
the Depository or its nominee (with respect to beneficial interests of participants) or by participants or Persons that hold interests through participants (with respect to beneficial interests of beneficial owners). 

Section 2.4. Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes shall be governed by all the terms and conditions of the Indenture, as
supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture. In particular, the following provisions shall be terms of the Notes: 

(a) Title; No
Limit. The title of the Notes shall be as specified in the Recitals; and the aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall be unlimited. 

(b) Stated Maturity. The Notes shall mature, and the principal of the Notes shall be due and payable in U.S. Dollars to the Holders
thereof, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on March 15, 2035 (the Maturity Date). 

(c)
Payment of Principal and Interest. The Notes shall bear interest at 5.650% per annum, from and including February 26, 2025, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date on which interest has been paid or provided for, until the
principal thereof becomes due and payable, and on any overdue principal. Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months. Interest on the Notes shall be payable semi-annually in arrears in U.S. Dollars on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025 (each such date, an
Interest Payment Date for the purposes of this Supplemental Indenture). Payments of interest shall be made to the Person in whose name a Note (or predecessor Note) is registered (which shall initially be the Depository) at the
close of business on the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not that date is a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date (each such date, a Regular Record Date for the purposes
of the Notes under this Supplemental Indenture). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Indenture, (i) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, that Interest Payment Date
shall be postponed to the next date that is a Business Day and (ii) if the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest for the Notes shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were
made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable in respect of such Notes for the period from and after the Maturity Date to the next Business Day. 

(d) Registration and Form. The Notes shall be issuable initially as Global Securities as provided in
Section 2.3 hereof. The Notes shall be issued and may be transferred 

5 

only in minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. All payments of principal, Redemption Price and accrued unpaid interest in respect of the Notes shall be
made by the Company as set forth in the Notes. 

(e) Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The provisions for legal defeasance
in Section 11.3 of the Indenture, and the provisions for covenant defeasance in Section 11.4 of the Indenture, shall be applicable to the Notes. If the Company shall effect a defeasance of the Notes pursuant to Section 11.3 or
Section 11.4 of the Indenture, the Company shall cease to have any obligation to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth in Article IV of this Supplemental Indenture. 

(f) Further Issuance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Indenture, the Company may, from time to time, without
giving notice to or seeking consent of the Holders of the Notes, create and issue additional Notes having the same interest rate, maturity and other terms (except for the issue date, the public offering price, the first Interest Payment Date and the
date from which interest shall accrue) as, and ranking equally and ratably with, the Notes (Additional Notes). Additional Notes, together with the previously outstanding Notes, shall constitute and form a single series of Notes
under the Indenture, including for purposes of voting and redemptions, and any Additional Notes will be fungible with the existing Notes for United States federal income tax purposes. No Additional Notes may be issued if an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing with respect to the Notes or if the Additional Notes will not be fungible with the existing Notes for United States federal income tax purposes. 

(g) Redemption. The Notes are subject to redemption by the Company in whole or in part in the manner described herein. 

(h) Ranking; Guarantees. The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company and will: (i) rank equally in right of
payment with all of the Companys other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and (ii) rank senior in right of payment to all of the Companys future subordinated indebtedness. The Notes will be guaranteed initially by the Parent
Guarantor and thereafter to the extent described in the Indenture. 

(i) Sinking Fund. The Notes are not entitled to any sinking
fund. 

(a) Conversion. The Notes are not convertible into shares of common stock or other securities of the Company, any Guarantor
or any other Person. 

(b) Other Terms and Conditions. The Notes shall have such other terms and conditions as provided in the form
thereof attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

ARTICLE III 

Redemption; Certain Purchases 

Section 3.1. Optional Redemption. (a) Prior to the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or
in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date

6 

(assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either
case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

(c) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.1 hereof shall be made in accordance with Article III of the Indenture. 

Section 3.2. Open Market Purchases. The Company, the Parent Guarantor and their respective Affiliates may acquire Notes from the
Holders thereof from time to time, in the open market, in private transactions or otherwise. Any Notes acquired by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates may, at the acquirors discretion, be held, resold or
canceled. 

ARTICLE IV 

Covenants 

The covenants
set forth in this Article IV shall be applicable to the Company and the Guarantors, as applicable, for so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, in addition to the covenants in Article V of the Indenture, which
shall in all respects be applicable in respect of the Notes. 

Section 4.1. Limitation on Liens. Neither the Company nor the
Parent Guarantor will, and neither of them will permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, assume, incur or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money secured by a pledge, lien or other encumbrance, except for Permitted Liens, on the
voting securities of any Principal Subsidiary unless the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, causes the series of Securities (and if the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, so elects, any other indebtedness ranking on a
parity with the series of Securities) to be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company or the Parent Guarantor, as applicable, prior to) any indebtedness for borrowed money secured thereby for so long as such indebtedness for
borrowed money is so secured. 

Section 4.2. Excepted Indebtedness. Notwithstanding Section 4.1
hereof, and without limiting the Companys, the Parent Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries ability to issue, incur, create, assume or guarantee indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens, the Company, the Parent
Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries will be permitted to incur indebtedness for borrowed money secured by a lien, without regard to the restrictions contained 

7 

in Section 4.1 hereof, if at the time the indebtedness for borrowed money is incurred and after giving effect to such indebtedness for borrowed money and to the
retirement of indebtedness which is concurrently being retired, the aggregate principal amount of all indebtedness for borrowed money secured by liens that are restricted by, and not otherwise permitted by, Section 4.1
hereof, does not exceed 10% of the consolidated total assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, as determined according to generally accepted accounting principles. 

Section 4.3. Notice to the Trustee. If any Default or Event of Default under Section 5.1 hereof has
occurred and is continuing, within 30 Business Days after its becoming aware of such occurrence, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate specifying such event and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take
with respect thereto. 

ARTICLE V 

Events of Default 

Section 5.1. Events of Default. The Events of Default in Article VII of the Indenture shall be applicable to the Notes. In
addition, the following shall be Events of Default with respect to the Notes: 

(a) default by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of
their respective Subsidiaries in the payment at its stated final maturity, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, indebtedness for money borrowed in the aggregate principal amount
then outstanding of $75.0 million or more, or acceleration of the Companys, the Parent Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries indebtedness for money borrowed in such aggregate principal amount or more so that it
becomes due and payable before the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, if such default is not cured or waived, or such acceleration is not rescinded, within 30 days after notice to the Company and the Parent Guarantor by
the Trustee or to the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee by Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, in accordance with the Indenture; provided, however, that if any failure, default or
acceleration referred to above ceases or is cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default will be deemed cured; or 

(b)
failure by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, within 60 days, to pay, bond or otherwise discharge any final, non-appealable judgments or orders for the payment of money
the total uninsured amount of which for the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries exceeds $75.0 million, which are not stayed on appeal. 

ARTICLE VI 

Miscellaneous

Section 6.1. Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indenture Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby, the
Indenture is in all respects ratified and 

8 

confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every
Holder heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 

Section 6.2. Conflict with Trust Indenture
Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof which is required to be included in this Supplemental Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control.
If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by Section 318(c) of the Trust Indenture Act, such imposed duties shall control. If any provision of this Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with
a provision of the Trust Indenture Act that is required under the Trust Indenture Act to be a part of and govern this Supplemental Indenture, such provision of the Trust Indenture Act shall control. If any provision of this Supplemental Indenture
modifies or excludes any provision of the Trust Indenture Act that may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Supplemental Indenture as such provision of the Trust Indenture Act is so modified or excluded,
as the case may be. 

Section 6.3. Governing Law. This Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of New York. This Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, that are required to be part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such
provisions. 

Section 6.4. Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic transmission (in .pdf or
other format) shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or
electronically (in .pdf or other format) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

Section 6.5.
Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 6.6. The Trustee. In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every
provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of
the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Company and the Parent Guarantor. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY:

LPL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Matthew J. Audette

Name: Matthew J. Audette

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

PARENT GUARANTOR:

LPL FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

/s/ Matthew J. Audette

Name: Matthew J. Audette

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the date first written above. 

TRUSTEE:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES
DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY A NOMINEE
OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY
(AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

CUSIP 50212YAM6 

ISIN US50212YAM66 

5.650% Senior
Notes due 2035 

No. R-[] 

Issue Date: February 26, 2025 $[]

LPL Holdings, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns, the principal sum set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto on March 15, 2035. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15 

Record Dates: March 1 and September 1 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

LPL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

5.650% Senior Notes due 2035 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Date: 

5.650% Senior Notes due 2035 

[Back of Note] 

5.650 % Senior Notes due 2035 

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

1. INTEREST. The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at 5.650% per annum from and including
February 26, 2025, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) on which interest has been paid or provided for, until the principal thereof becomes due and payable, and on any overdue principal. The Company will pay
interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears in U.S. Dollars on March 15 and September 15 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date);
provided that the first Interest Payment Date shall be September 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve
30-day months. 

2. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes, if any, to the
Persons who are registered Holders at the close of business on the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not that date is a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are cancelled after
such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.7 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Payment of interest, if any, may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set
forth in the register of Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Holder or Holders thereof will be required with respect to principal of and any interest and premium on
all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided wire transfer instructions to the Company or the Paying Agent. Until otherwise designated by the Company, the Companys office or agency will be the office of the
Trustee maintained for such purpose. Such payment shall be in such currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

3. PAYING AGENT AND SECURITY REGISTRAR. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as
Paying Agent and Security Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Security Registrar without prior written notice, other than notice to the Trustee; provided, however, that the Company will maintain at least one Paying
Agent in the City of New York, New York. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates may act as Paying Agent or Security Registrar. 

4. INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of November 17, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Base Indenture), among the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee, as supplemented by the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), among the Company, the Parent Guarantor and the Trustee. This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of the Company designated as its 5.650%
Senior Notes due 2035. The Company may issue 

Additional Notes pursuant to the Indenture. The Notes are subject to the terms included in the Indenture, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent
any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

5. OPTIONAL REDEMPTION. Prior to December 15, 2034 (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes at its
option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption
Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as
defined below) plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding,
the Redemption Date. On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and
unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption
Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the
Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the
yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) 
H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15
TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the
Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter
than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and
rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining
Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
Redemption Date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the 

2 

second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no
United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with
a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or
two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par
based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of
the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to
three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error. Any redemption pursuant to this Section 5 hereof shall be made in accordance with Article III of the Indenture. 

The Company, the Parent Guarantor and their respective Affiliates may acquire Notes from the Holders thereof from time to time, in the open
market, in private transactions or otherwise. Any Notes acquired by the Company, the Parent Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates may, at the acquirors discretion, be held, resold or canceled. 

6. DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Security Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate
endorsements and transfer documents and the Company may require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. Also, the Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days
before the mailing or electronic delivery of a notice of redemption of Notes to be redeemed. 

7. PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. Prior to due
presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, any Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee, including a Paying Agent, may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the
owner of this Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and (subject to Section 2.7 of the Indenture) interest on this Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Note be overdue, and
neither the Company, any Guarantor, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee, including a Paying Agent, shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

8. AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. The Indenture, the Guarantees or the Notes may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture.

3 

9. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Events of Default relating to the Notes are defined in the
Indenture. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the rights and obligations of the Company, any Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall be as set forth in the applicable provisions of the Indenture. 

10. AUTHENTICATION. This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until
authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee. 

11. GUARANTEES; DELIVERY OF GUARANTEE. As provided in Section 12.1 of the
Indenture, all the obligations of the Company to the Holders of the Notes or the Trustee under the Indenture or this Note are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors to each Holder of this Note once authenticated and delivered
by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, this Note, the obligations of the Company under the Indenture or the Note or irrespective of restrictions of any kind
on the Companys performance of its obligations under the Note. The delivery of this Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in Section 12.1 of the Indenture
on behalf of each Guarantor for the Notes. 

11. GOVERNING LAW. THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND ANY GUARANTEE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

4 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE 

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Global Note is $[]. The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an
interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

decrease
in

Principal

Amount 

Amount of

increase
in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

following 
such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory
of

Trustee or Note

Custodian

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d919242dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

February 26, 2025 

LPL Financial Holdings Inc. 

LPL Holdings, Inc. 

4707 Executive Drive 

San Diego, CA 92121 

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-274631 and 333-274631-02)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to LPL Holdings, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), and LPL Financial Holdings Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Guarantor), in connection with the issuance and sale of $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.200% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal
amount of 5.650% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes), including the related guarantee of each series of the Notes by the Guarantor (the
Guarantees), pursuant to the above-referenced registration statement (as amended through the date hereof, the Registration Statement), filed by the Company and the Guarantor with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Notes are being issued under an Indenture dated November 17, 2023 (the Base Indenture),
as supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated February 26, 2025 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture) and by a Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated February 26, 2025 (the Fifth Supplemental
Indenture, and, together with the Base Indenture and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), by and between the Company, the Guarantor and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

In connection with this opinion letter, we have examined the Registration Statement and the Indenture. We have also examined such
certificates, documents and records and have made such investigation of fact and such examination of law as we have deemed appropriate in order to enable us to render the opinions set forth herein. In conducting such investigation, we have relied,
without independent verification, upon certificates of officers of the Company, the Guarantor and one or more of their subsidiaries, public officials and other appropriate persons. 

In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed that each of the Company and the Guarantor (a) is validly existing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has 

LPL Financial Holdings Inc. 

LPL Holdings, Inc. 

the power to execute and deliver the
Indenture and to perform its obligations thereunder and (c) has duly authorized, executed and delivered the Indenture. 

The opinions
expressed herein are limited to matters governed by the laws of the State of New York, the Delaware General Corporation Law and the Massachusetts Business Corporation Act. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and the qualifications and limitations set forth below, we are of the opinion that, when the Notes
have been duly executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and have been delivered against receipt of payment therefor, the Notes and the Guarantees will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company and
the Guarantor, respectively, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor, respectively, in accordance with their terms. 

Our
opinions set forth aboveare subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally and (ii) general principles of equity.
Our opinions are also subject to the qualification that the enforceability of provisions in the Indenture providing for indemnification or contribution, broadly worded waivers, waivers of rights to damages or defenses, waivers of unknown or future
claims, and waivers of statutory, regulatory or constitutional rights may be limited on public policy or statutory grounds. 

We hereby
consent to the incorporation of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the use of our name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus. By giving the foregoing consent, we do not admit that we come
within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Ropes & Gray LLP 

Ropes & Gray LLP 

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lpla-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lpla-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lpla-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g919242dsp49.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001397911

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity Registrant Name LPL Financial Holdings Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34963

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-3717839

Entity Address, Address Line One 4707 Executive Drive

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 877-7210

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock - par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol LPLA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.lpl.com//20250226/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d919242d8k.htm 
lpla-20250226.xsd 
lpla-20250226_lab.xml 
lpla-20250226_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-036781-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d919242d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001397911 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

false 
0001397911 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
LPL Financial Holdings Inc. 
DE 
001-34963 
20-3717839 
4707 Executive Drive 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(800) 
877-7210 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock - par value $0.001 per share 
LPLA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>