<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-004266.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-004266.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116171903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-004266
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORMATION MINERALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001885336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				872406468
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41209
		FILM NUMBER:		25536423

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 325-4677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SensaSure Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227865-8k_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188533600018853362025-01-102025-01-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 16, 2025 (January 10, 2025)

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-41209 87-2406468

(State or other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas76458

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

972-217-4080

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

In this Current Report
on Form 8-K, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Formation Minerals,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless the context indicates otherwise.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement

Securities Purchase
Agreement

On January 10, 2025, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (Purchase Agreement) with GHS Investments LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (GHS),
for the purchase of 95 shares of the Companys Class B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class
B Preferred Stock), in a private placement at $1,000 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to $95,000 (the Financing).

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, effective
January 10, 2025, the Company issued and sold 95 shares of the Class B Preferred Stock (the Closing Shares) to GHS
for an aggregate of $95,000 in gross proceeds (the Closing) and issued to GHS 10 shares of the Class B Preferred Stock
(the Incentive Shares together with the Closing Shares, the Shares) as an equity incentive for the purchase
of the shares of Class B Preferred Stock. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Closing Shares
for general working capital purposes. The Purchase Agreement contains customary events of defaults, representations and warranties and
closing conditions for a transaction of this type.

Further, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the
Company must use its best efforts to file a registration statement within 30 calendar days from the Closing to register the resale of
the shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock)issuable upon the conversion
of the Shares and use its reasonable best efforts to have such registration statement declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 60 calendar days from its filing and to have such registration statement or any replacement registration statement remain
effective until such time as GHS no longer holds any such securities.

Placement Agency
Agreement

Also
on January 10, 2025, in connection with the Financing, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency
Agreement) with Icon Capital Group LLC (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act
as placement agent on a reasonable best efforts basis in connection with the Financing. Pursuant to the Placement Agency
Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a fee equal to 2.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing.
In connection with the Initial Closing, the Company paid the Placement Agent $1,800.

The Placement Agency Agreement contains customary
events of defaults, representations and warranties and closing conditions for a transaction of this type.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement
and Placement Agency Agreement are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of Purchase
Agreement and the Placement Agency Agreement, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and 99.1, respectively, and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.

The disclosure set forth
above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. The Shares were issued and sold, and the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Shares will be issued, in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided in
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibits

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2025, by and between Formation Minerals, Inc. and GHS Investments LLC.*

99.1 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2025, by and between Formation Minerals, Inc. and Icon Capital Group, LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document.)

* In accordance with Rule 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the related
disclosure schedules have not been filed. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any such disclosure schedule to the
Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 16, 2025

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox 

Scott A. Cox 

President, Chief Executive Officer 

and Chief Financial Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022786501ex10-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN FORMATION MINERALS, INC. AND GHS INVESTMENTS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January 10, 2025, between Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada corporation formerly
known as SensaSure Technologies Inc. (the Company), and the purchaser identified on the signature page hereto (including
its successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agrees as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in
this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Additional
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities additional shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section
2.1(b), which shall occur on a one or more Closing Dates. The Each Additional Closing, as applicable, will be at the discretion of the
Investor.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Certificate
of Designation means the Certificate of Designation Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class B Convertible Preferred Stock
of the Company filed by the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on May 9, 2024.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto in connection with the Initial Closing or an Additional Closing, as applicable, and, to the extent applicable, all conditions
precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount as to such Closing and (ii) the Companys obligations
to deliver the Securities as to such Closing, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Closing
means each of the Initial Closing or an Additional Closing.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Commitment
Shares means ten (10) shares of Preferred Stock issued upon the Initial Closing as an equity incentive.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Sullivan & Worcester LLP.

Conversion
Shares means the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

Disclosure
Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.

Dividend
means ten percent (10%) per annum of the stated value of any Preferred Stock, paid quarterly by the Company, and at the Companys
discretion, in cash or in Preferred Stock.

Equity
Conditions means (i) there are currently no uncured Events of Default, (ii) the closing price of the Common Stock remains above
$0.01 per share for each of the thirty (30) Trading Days preceding the date of an Additional Closing and (iii) there remains an effective
Registration Statement available to the Purchaser for the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock.

2

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(r).

Event
of Default means any of the following events: (i) the suspension, cessation from trading or delisting of the Companys Common
Stock on the Principal Market for a period of two (2) consecutive trading days or more; (ii) the failure by the Company to timely comply
with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including applicable extension periods or such delays which are consented to by the
Purchaser); (iii) the failure for any reason by the Company to issue Commitment Shares, Dividends, or Conversion Shares to the Purchaser
within the required time periods; (iv) the Company breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or other term of condition contained
in the definitive agreements between the parties; (v) the Company files for Bankruptcy or receivership or any money judgment writ, liquidation
or a similar process is entered by or filed against the Company for more than $50,000 and remains unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for
a period of twenty (20) calendar days; (vi) any cessation of operations by the Company or failure by the Company to maintain any assets,
intellectual, personal or real property or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (vii) the Company shall lose the bid
price for its Common stock on the Principal Market; (viii) if at any time the Common Stock is no longer DWAC eligible; or (ix) the Registration
Statement registering the resale of the Conversion Shares ceases to be effective for any reason.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.

Initial
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 2.1(a), which shall
occur on the Closing Date. The Initial Closing will be for the purchase and sale of ninety five (95) shares of Preferred Stock at the
aggregate purchase price of $95,000.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

3

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock means, up to one hundred and five (105) shares of the Companys Class B Convertible Preferred Stock (including
the Commitment Shares) issuable hereunder having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration
Statement means any Registration Statement under which the resale of the Conversion Shares is registered. The Company shall
use its best efforts to file such Registration Statement within thirty (30) calendar days following the Initial Closing.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(g).

Securities
means the Preferred Stock and the Conversion Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Stated
Value means $1,200 per share of Preferred Stock.

4

Subscription
Amount shall mean the aggregate amount to be paid for the Preferred Stock purchased hereunder as specified on the signature
page under the heading Subscription Amount in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
CBOE Global Markets, the OTCQB or the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other
documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer LLC, the current transfer agent and registrar of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette
Place, Woodmere, New York 11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1(a) Initial Closing. (i) Upon the execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase,
ninety five (95) shares of Preferred Stock at a price of $1,000 per share. The Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer
immediately available funds equal to the Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by the
Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser such number of shares of the Preferred Stock purchased, as determined pursuant
to Section 2.2(a) and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Initial Closing. Upon satisfaction
of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Initial Closing shall occur at the offices of Pryor Cashman LLP,
counsel to the Purchaser, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.

(b) Additional Closings.
(i) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, at any time prior to the one year anniversary of the date hereof,
the Purchaser may elect, assuming no Event of Default has taken or is taking place, upon satisfaction of the applicable deliveries, Equity
Conditions and closing conditions set forth in Section 2.2, to purchase at one or more times, shares of Preferred Stock at price of $1,000
per share of Preferred Stock, except as set forth below in the last sentence of this subsection (b). The Purchaser shall deliver to the
Company, via wire transfer immediately available funds equal to the purchase price per share times the number of shares of Preferred
Stock being purchased, and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser such number of shares of the Preferred Stock purchased, as determined
pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Additional Closing.
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, each Additional Closing shall occur at the offices
of Pryor Cashman LLP, counsel to the Purchaser, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 

5

Deliveries.

(a)On or prior to the applicable Closing Date (or as otherwise indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Purchaser the following:

(i)At the Initial Closing, this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) At the
Initial Closing, a statement of book entry evidencing the Commitment Shares;

(iii) At the Initial Closing, a statement of book entry evidencing ninety-five (95) shares of Preferred Stock;

(iv) At the Additional Closing, a statement of book entry evidencing the shares of Preferred Stock purchased; and

(v)At the Initial Closing, an irrevocable letter of instruction to the Transfer Agent, instructing the Transfer Agent to maintain
for the benefit of the Purchaser, _________(____) shares of Common Stock and at all times thereafter three times (3x) the number of shares
of Common Stock needed by the Purchaser to convert all shares of Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement. The reserve amount
shall be increased from time to time to ensure appropriate coverage for shares of Common Stock issuable to the Purchaser.

(b)On or prior to the applicable Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable,
the following:

(i) At
the Initial Closing, this Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser; and

(ii) the
applicable Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company together with the subscription form
attached as Exhibit A hereto.

6

2.2 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with a Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects on the date hereof and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the
Purchaser contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date
shall have been performed; and

(iii)the delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with a Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy
in all material respects on the date hereof and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii)all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall
have been performed;

(iii)the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)from the date hereof to the applicable Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission
or the Companys principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the applicable Closing Date, trading in securities shall not
have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service,
or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of the Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the shares of Preferred Stock at a Closing.

7

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock
of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or
purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents
shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and
authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is
in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the
case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or
enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects
or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on
the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any
of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such
jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

8

(d)No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with
or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary
debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company
or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company
or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company
or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. Except as otherwise disclosed on Schedule 3.1(e), the Company has timely filed all quarterly and annual
reports required to be filed by it with the Commission pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing
filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other
than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents).
The Company has delivered to Purchaser true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents.
As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time
they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective
dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto. Such financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved
and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of
the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included
in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course
of business subsequent to September 30, 2024, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of
business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually
or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, filing of the documents required in this Section 3(g) via the Commissions
Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (EDGAR) shall satisfy all delivery requirements of this
Section 3(g).

9

The Company is not
required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court
or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) any
applicable notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities, and (iii) such
filings as are required to be made under applicable state and federal securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Conversion Shares, when issued in
accordance with the terms of the Preferred Stock, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens
imposed by the Company. The Company shall reserve from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to the Preferred Stock.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number
of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Except as set forth
on Schedule 3.1(g) or as set forth in the most recently periodic report filed by the Company under the Exchange Act, including
Current Reports on Form 8-K (SEC Reports), the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys
stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans
and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed SEC
Reports. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) and except as a result of the purchase
and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person
any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which
the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance
and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person and will not
result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting
agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge
of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)Intentionally omitted.

(i) Intentionally
omitted.

10

(j) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)Labor Relations. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(k), no labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company,
is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship
with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement,
and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company,
no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement
or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries
are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived) except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(l), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of
any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l) or (iii) is or has been in violation
of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state
and local laws relating to taxes, other than tax payments related to payroll that are late, environmental protection, occupational health
and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(m) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(n) Title
to Assets. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(n), the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee
simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to
the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not
materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate
reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties.
Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and
enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(o)Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and
which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(o), none of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise)
that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)Insurance. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(p), the Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized
financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without
a significant increase in cost.

12

(q)Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q),
all employee salaries and contractor fees have been paid to date and no such amounts are outstanding or past due.

(r) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. Except as may be disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with
any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable
rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys
certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as
of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

13

(s) Certain Fees.
No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor
or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s). The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any
fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be
due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(t) Private Placement.
Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities
Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale
of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(u)Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)Registration Rights. The Company shall use its best efforts to file the Registration Statement within thirty (30) calendar
days from the Initial Closing. The Company shall use is reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
by the Commission within sixty (60) calendar days from its filing and to have such Registration Statement or any replacement Registration
Statement remain effective until such time that the Purchaser no longer holds any such Securities. No other Person has any right to cause
the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Company has not in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with
the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in
compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

14

(x)[RESERVED]

(y)Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during
the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does not make and has
not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth
in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No Integrated
Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company,
nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any
security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities
under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities
of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local
income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is
subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to
be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment
of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company
or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. Immediately after closing of this transaction, the Company covenants to
pay to the Past Due Taxes.

15

(bb) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the
Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the
Purchaser.

(cc)Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary,
any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge and belief
of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ending April 30, 2025.

(ee)Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any
similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by the Purchaser
or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) the Purchaser has not been asked by the Company to agree,
nor has the Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, securities of the Company, or derivative securities
based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for
any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by the Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation,
derivative transactions, before or after a closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact
the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities (iii) Omit and (iv) the Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation
with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands
and acknowledges that (y) the Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding,
and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at
and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities
do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

16

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or
indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the
Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for
soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the
Companys placement agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) Reserved.

(ii) Stock
Options. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant,
stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement
of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk) U.S. Real
Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(ll)Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls,
directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or
more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that
is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

17

(mm) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes
and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or
proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of each Closing to the
Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein):

(a) Organization;
Authority. The Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry
out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by the Purchaser
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has
been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid
and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Own
Account. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any
of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

18

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is and on each date on which it
converts any shares of Preferred Stock, either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities
Act.

(d) Experience
of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General Solicitation.
The Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or
any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers right to rely on the
Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other
Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transaction contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The Securities
may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree
in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement.

19

(b)The Purchaser agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the
following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or
grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as
defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under
the terms of such arrangement, the Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge
or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor
shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense,
the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request
in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are registered under a registration statement,
the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision
of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders thereunder.

20

(c) Certificates
or statements of book entry evidencing the Conversion Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section
4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following
any sale of such Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 without
volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). If all or any shares of Preferred Stock are converted
at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Conversion Shares, or if such Conversion Shares
may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144, or if the
Conversion Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 as to such Conversion Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or if such legend is not otherwise
required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff
of the Commission) then such Conversion Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the effective date
of the Registration Statement or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than
the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below)
following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate or statement of book entry representing Conversion
Shares, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered
to such Purchaser a certificate or statement of book entry representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends.
The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
set forth in this Section 4. Certificates or statements of book entry for Conversion Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall
be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate or statement of book entry representing Conversion Shares, issued with a restrictive
legend.

(d)In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, (i) the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of the value of the Conversion Shares for which the Preferred Stock is being converted,
$10 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date (increasing to $20 per Trading Day after the fifth Trading Day)
until such certificate or statement of book entry is delivered without a legend. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right
to pursue actual damages for the Companys failure to deliver certificates or statements of book entry representing any Securities
as required by the Transaction Documents, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in
equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief, and (ii) if after the Legend Removal
Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive
legend, then, the Company shall pay to such Purchaser, in cash, an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase
price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including
brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number
of Conversion Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the highest
closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to
the Company of the applicable Conversion Shares and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this Section 4.1(d).

21

(e) In the event
a Purchaser shall request delivery of unlegended shares as described in this Section 4.1 and the Company is required to deliver such
unlegended shares, (i) it shall pay all fees and expenses associated with or required by the legend removal and/or transfer including
but not limited to legal fees, Transfer Agent fees and overnight delivery charges and taxes, if any, imposed by any applicable government
upon the issuance of Common Stock; and (ii) the Company may not refuse to deliver unlegended shares based on any claim that such Purchaser
or anyone associated or affiliated with such Purchaser has not complied with Purchasers obligations under the Transaction Documents,
or for any other reason, unless, an injunction or temporary restraining order from a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining delivery
of such unlegended shares shall have been sought and obtained by the Company and the Company has posted a surety bond for the benefit
of such Purchaser in the amount of the greater of (i) 150% of the amount of the aggregate purchase price of the Conversion Shares (based
on conversion price in effect upon conversion) which is subject to the injunction or temporary restraining order, or (ii) the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the Trading Day before the issue date of the injunction multiplied by the number of unlegended shares to be subject
to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of the litigation of the dispute and the proceeds of which
shall be payable to such Purchaser to the extent Purchaser obtains judgment in Purchasers favor.

4.2 Acknowledgment
of Dilution of Voting Power. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities will result in dilution of the voting power
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes
of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other
transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof,
issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K
disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the
Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have
publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers (other than Purchasers who are directors or
officers of the Company) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press
release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written
or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates
on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers (other than with Purchasers who are directors or officers of the Company) or any of their Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise
make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without
the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld
or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with
prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name
of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without
the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final
Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which
case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

22

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that the Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that the Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide the Purchaser or its agents
or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Purchaser
shall have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Indemnification
of Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser and their
respective directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls
the Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors,
officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a
Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages,
costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs
of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur (Losses) as a result of or relating to (a)
any material breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in
the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party
may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by
such Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall
promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own
choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any
such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or such defense once
started is subsequently delayed owing to lack of timely payment by the Company of legal fees and expenses or (iii) in such action
there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and
the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more
than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by
a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;
or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys
breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the
other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount
thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements
contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others
and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all indemnity
obligations under this Section 4.7 shall be limited to the Purchase Price.

23

4.8 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. The Purchaser, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to
any understanding with it will (i) execute any Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with
the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 or (ii) from the date hereof until the earlier of the 12 month anniversary
of the date hereof and the date that the Preferred Stock is no longer outstanding, execute any Short Sales of the Common Stock (a Prohibited
Short Sale). The Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed
by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the
existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that (i) the Purchaser does not make any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) except for a Prohibited Short Sale, the Purchaser shall not be restricted
or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and
after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release
as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) the Purchaser shall have no duty of confidentiality to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the
issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. 

4.9 Form D; Blue Sky Filings.
The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof,
promptly upon request of the Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in
order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser under applicable securities or Blue
Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of the Purchaser.

4.10 Redemption.

(a) The Company shall have
the right to redeem the shares of Preferred Stock issued hereunder, in accordance with the following schedule:

i. If all of the shares of Preferred Stock are redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance
date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the shares of Preferred Stock upon five (5) business days of written notice
at a price equal to the product of one hundred fifteen percent (115%) multiplied by the sum of the outstanding Stated Value together with
any accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation;

24

ii. If all of the shares of Preferred Stock are redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days and within one hundred
and twenty (120) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the shares of Preferred Stock
upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to the product of one hundred twenty percent (120%) multiplied by the sum
of the outstanding Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and
the Certificate of Designation; and

iii. If all of the shares of Preferred Stock are redeemed after one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days
and within one hundred eighty (180) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the shares
of Preferred Stock upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to the product of one hundred twenty five percent (125%)
multiplied by the sum of the outstanding Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant
to this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation.

(b) The Company
shall honor all conversions of Preferred Stock until the receipt by the Purchaser of the applicable redemption amounts set forth in this
Section 4.10.

4.11 Dividends 
The Company shall pay a dividend of ten percent (10%) per annum on the Preferred Stock, for as long as the relevant Preferred Stock
has not been redeemed or converted. Dividends shall be paid quarterly, and at the Companys discretion, in cash or Preferred
Stock calculated at the purchase price.

4.12 Event
of Default Following any Event of Default, all outstanding Preferred Stock shall come immediately due for redemption and the redemption
amount shall accrue dividends at the lesser of (a) 12% per annum or (b) the maximum legal rate. Redemption following an Event of Default
shall occur at an amount equaling the product of one hundred and thirty five percent (135%), multiplied by the sum of the Stated Value,
all accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation for all Preferred
Stock.

4.13 Conversion
Procedures. The forms of Notice of Conversion included in the Preferred Stock set forth the totality of the procedures required of
the Purchaser in order to convert the Preferred Stock. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchaser to convert their Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required
in order to convert the Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor conversion of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Conversion Shares,
in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.14DTC Program. For so long as the Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company will employ as the Transfer Agent for the Common
Stock a participant in the DTC Automated Securities Transfer Program and cause the Common
Stock to be transferable pursuant to such program.

25

4.15 Most
Favored Nations. From the date hereof until the date when the Purchaser no longer holds any Securities, upon any issuance by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries of Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units hereof
(a Subsequent Financing), Purchaser may elect, in its sole discretion, to exchange (in lieu of conversion), if applicable,
all or some of the Securities then held for any securities or units issued in a Subsequent Financing on a $1.00 for $1.00 basis. 
The Company shall provide the Purchaser with notice of any such Subsequent Financing in the manner set forth below. Additionally,
if in such Subsequent Financing there are any contractual provisions or side letters that provide terms more favorable to the investors
than the terms provided for hereunder, then the Company shall specifically notify the Purchaser of such additional or more favorable terms
and such terms, at Purchasers option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Purchaser. The types of terms
contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing
stock sale price, price per share, and warrant coverage.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to the Purchasers obligations hereunder, if the Initial Closing has not been
consummated within five (5) Business Days of the date hereof or no Additional Closing has been consummated within one year of the date
hereof; provided, however, that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other
party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. At the Initial Closing, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Purchaser $5,000 for its legal fees in connection with
the transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which such amount may be withheld from the Purchasers Subscription Amount
deliverable at Closing. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other
taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

26

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via electronic
mail or facsimile at the e-mail address or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via electronic mail or facsimile at the -mail address or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that
is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the holders of at least 75% in interest of the shares of Preferred then outstanding or, in
the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect
to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any
subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to
exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (other
than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state or federal
courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any
of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding
shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

27

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original
thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion
from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to
its future actions and rights.

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

28

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or the
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are
required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.18 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

29

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. Address for Notice:

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas 76458

E-mail Address:

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox 

Name: Scott A. Cox 

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and

Chief Financial Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attention: David Danovitch, Esq.

E-mail Address:

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

30

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: GHS Investments LLC

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Mark Grober 

Name of Authorized Signatory: Mark Grober

Title of Authorized Signatory: Member

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 420 Jericho Turnpike, Suite 102, Jericho, NY 11753

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice): Book entry

Facsimile Number: (212) 574-3326

E-mail Address:

Initial Closing Subscription Amount: $95,000

Subscription Date: January 10, 2025

Initial Closing Shares of Preferred Stock: 95 + 10 commitment = 105 total.

31

Exhibit A

Certificate of Designation

SENSASURE TECHNOLOGIES INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

CLASS B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

The undersigned, James Hiza, does hereby certify
that:

1. He is the Chief Executive
Officer, of SENSASURE TECHNOLOGIES INC., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation).

2. The Corporation is authorized
to issue from time to time in one or more series or classes up to one hundred and fifty million (150,000,000) shares of preferred stock,
$0.01 par value per share (Preferred Stock).

3. The Corporation, pursuant
to authority expressly granted and vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation by the provisions of the Corporations Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation, through the Board of Directors, adopted the following resolution on April 5, 2024: (i) designating
a class of Preferred Stock, known as the Class B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Class B Preferred Stock) and authorizing
the issuance of up to ten thousand (10,000) shares of Class B Preferred Stock; and (ii) setting the preferences, conversion or other rights,
voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption
thereof:

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority
vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation by the Corporations Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, a class
of preferred stock of the Corporation be, and it hereby is, designated out of the one hundred and fifty million (150,000,000) shares of
preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Corporation, which shall have the following preferences, rights, powers, designations
and other terms:

TERMS OF THE CLASS B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate Consideration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Bankruptcy Event
means any of the following events: (a) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation
S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors,
dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof,
(b) there is commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed
within sixty (60) days after commencement, (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt
or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary
thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or
stayed within sixty (60) calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with
a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, or (g) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof,
by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate
or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d).

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Buy-In shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 5(c)(iv).

Change of Control
Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual
or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether
through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Corporation, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 49% of the voting
securities of the Corporation (other than by means of conversion or exercise of Class B Preferred Stock, (b) the Corporation merges into
or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Corporation and, after giving effect to such
transaction, the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power
of the Corporation or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Corporation sells or transfers all or substantially all of its
assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate
voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a one year period of more
than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the
Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date
whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the
Original Issue Date), or (e) the execution by the Corporation of an agreement to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound,
providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Commission or the SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

2

Common Stock
means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Amount
means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Conversion Price
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Conversion Shares
means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Class B Preferred Stock in accordance with the
terms hereof.

Corporation Redemption
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation Redemption
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation Redemption
Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation Redemption
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Designation, Amount
and Par Value The class of preferred stock shall be designated as Class B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Class B Preferred
Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to ten thousand (10,000) (which shall not be subject to increase
without the written consent of all of the Holders). Each share of Class B Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.01 per share and
a stated value of $1,200, subject to increase set forth in Section 5 and/or elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation.

DTC means
the Depository Trust Company.

DTC/FAST Program
means the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

DWAC Eligible
means that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements, including without
limitation transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Corporation has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs underwriting
department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Conversion Shares are otherwise eligible for
delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Conversion Shares via DWAC.

3

Eligible Markets
means the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Amex (formerly known as the American Stock Exchange), Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq Global
Market and Nasdaq Capital Market and such other exchanges.

Event of Default
means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the suspension, cessation from trading or delisting of the Common Stock on the
Trading Market for a period of two (2) consecutive trading days or more; (ii) the failure by the Corporation to timely comply with the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; (iii) the failure for any reason by the Corporation to issue Dividends or Conversion Shares
to the Holder within the required time periods; (iv) the Corporation breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or other term of
condition contained in definitive agreements between the Corporation and the Holder; (v) the Corporation has a Bankruptcy Event or receivership
or any money judgment writ, liquidation or a similar process is entered by or filed against the Corporation for more than $50,000 and
remains unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) calendar days; (vi) any cessation of operations by the Corporation
or failure by the Corporation to maintain any assets, intellectual, personal or real property or other assets which are necessary to conduct
its business (vii) the Corporation shall lose the bid price for the Common Stock on the Trading Market; or (viii) if at
any time the Common Stock is no longer DWAC eligible.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental Transaction
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Holders
means Holders of the Class B Preferred Stock.

Indemnified Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

Indebtedness
means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $100,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Corporations balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business, and (c)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $10,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Junior Securities
means the Common Stock and all other Common Stock Equivalents of the Corporation other than those securities which are explicitly senior
or paripassu to the Class B Preferred Stock in dividend rights or liquidation preference.

Late Fees
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

4

Liquidation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

New York Courts
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(d).

Notice of Conversion
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

Original Issue Date
means the date of the first issuance of the applicable shares of the Class B Preferred Stock to a Holder regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Class B Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such
Class B Preferred Stock.

Permitted Governmental
Indebtedness means Indebtedness for the purpose of supporting product sales by the Corporation.

Permitted Indebtedness
means (i) Indebtedness of the Corporation set forth in Corporations most recent periodic report filed with the SEC by the Corporation
on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (the SEC Reports) provided none of such Indebtedness, has been increased, extended and/or
otherwise changed), (ii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens described in clauses (iii) of the definition of Permitted
Liens, and (iv) Permitted Governmental Indebtedness.

Permitted Liens
means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate
reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation
of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens
liens, liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent
or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. (iv) Liens (a) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the
Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose
of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, and (b) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that
the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment and (v) any Liens
for Permitted Indebtedness set forth in (i) and (ii) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness provided as to (ii)
of Permitted Indebtedness such Liens were in existence and not amended, supplemented and/or modified since the original issuance date
any such Indebtedness was incurred.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Piggy-Back Registration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Premium Rate
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Registration Statement
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

5

Regulation S-X
means Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act and as interpreted by the SEC.

Securities
means the Class B Preferred Stock and the Underlying Shares.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Delivery Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)(i).

Stated Value
shall mean $1,200, subject to increase set forth in Section 5 and/or elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Corporation as set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Corporations Registration Statement on Form S-4 initially
filed on March 5, 2024 and declared effective by the SEC on April 10, 2024, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Corporation formed or acquired after such effective date.

Successor Entity
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e)(3).

Trading Day or Date
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock (or any other common stock of any other Person that references
the Trading Market for its common stock) is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq
Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Capital Market, the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Arca, the NYSE MKT, or the OTCQX Marketplace, the OTCQB
Marketplace, the OTC Pink Marketplace or any other tier operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. (or any successor to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means this Certificate of Designation, all exhibits and schedules hereto and, in connection with a specific issuance of Class B Preferred
Stock, any purchase agreement entered into in connection with such issuance and all exhibits and schedules thereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to such a purchase agreement.

Transfer Agent
means VStock Transfer LLC with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598 and any successor transfer agent of the
Corporation.

Triggering Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

Triggering Redemption
Amount means, for each share of Class B Preferred Stock, the sum of (a) 135% of the Stated Value and (b) all accrued but unpaid
dividends thereon and (c) all liquidated damages, Late Fees and other costs, expenses or amounts due in respect of the Class B Preferred
Stock including, but not limited to legal fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Holder in connection with, related to and/or arising
out of a Triggering Event.

6

Triggering Redemption
Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).

Underlying Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock.

VWAP
means, for or as of any date for the Common Stock, the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Trading Market
during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through
its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price
of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for the Common Stock during the period beginning at
9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average
price is reported for the Common Stock by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing
ask price of any of the market makers for the Common Stock as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly
Pink Sheets LLC). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for the Common Stock on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of the Common
Stock on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Corporation and the Holder. All such determinations shall
be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during
such period.

Section 2. Dividends.

(a) Dividends in Cash
or in Kind. Each share of Class B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, cumulative dividends
of ten percent (10%) per annum, payable quarterly, beginning on the Original Issuance Date and ending on the date that such share of Preferred
Share has been converted or redeemed (the Dividend End Date). Dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of Class
B Preferred Stock at the discretion of the Corporation.

(b) Dividend Calculations.
Subject to Section 2(a), dividends on the Class B Preferred Stock shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting
of twelve (12) thirty (30) calendar day periods, and shall accrue and compound daily commencing on the Original Issue Date, and shall
be deemed to accrue from such date whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds of the
Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends. Dividends shall cease to accrue with respect to any Class B Preferred Stock
redeemed or converted, provided that the Corporation actually delivers the Conversion Shares within the time period required by Section
5(c)(i) herein.

(c) Late Fees. Any
dividends that are not paid a Dividend Payment Date shall continue to accrue and shall entail a late fee (Late Fees)
which must be paid in cash, at the rate of 14% per annum or the lesser rate permitted by applicable law which shall accrue and compound
daily from the Dividend Payment Date through and including the date of actual payment in full.

7

(d) Other Securities.
So long as any Class B Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall redeem, purchase
or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any Junior Securities or paripassu securities other than any
Class B Preferred Stock purchased to the terms of this Certificate of Designation. So long as any Class B Preferred Stock shall remain
outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall directly or indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution
upon (other than a dividend or distribution described in Section 2 or dividends due and paid in the ordinary course on
preferred stock of the Corporation at such times when the Corporation is in compliance with its payment and other obligations hereunder),
nor shall any distribution be made in respect of, any Junior Securities or paripassu securities as long
as any dividends due on the Class B Preferred Stock remain unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase or
redemption (through a sinking fund or otherwise) of any Junior Securities or paripassu securities.

Section 3. Voting
Rights. The Class B Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Stock on an as converted basis subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitations. However, as long as any shares of Class B Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Class B Preferred Stock directly and/or indirectly (a) alter or
change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Class B Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation,
(b) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation (as defined in Section
4) senior to, or otherwise paripassu with, the Class B Preferred Stock or, authorize or create any class
of stock ranking as to dividends senior to, or otherwise paripassu with, the Class B Preferred Stock, (c)
amend the Articles of Incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (d) increase
the number of authorized shares of Class B Preferred Stock, or (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 4. Liquidation.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation),
the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation an amount equal to the Stated
Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon under this Certificate
of Designation, for each share of Class B Preferred Stock before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior
Securities, and if the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed
to the holders shall be ratably distributed among the Holders in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such
shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. A Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction shall not be deemed
a Liquidation. The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation, not less than forty-five (45) days prior to the payment
date stated therein, to each Holder.

8

Section 5. Conversion.

(a) Conversions at Option
of Holder. Each share of Class B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original
Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Section
5(d)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Class B Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. Holders shall effect
conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice
of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Class B Preferred Stock to be converted, the
number of shares of Class B Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Class B Preferred Stock owned
subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date
the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile or email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion
Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice
of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries
set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares
of Class B Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Class B Preferred
Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Class B Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such
Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Class B Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue.
Shares of Class B Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall
not be reissued.

(b) Conversion Price.
The conversion price (the Conversion Price) for the Class B Preferred Stock shall be the amount equal to the lower
of (1) a fixed price equaling the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the Original Issue Date
and (2) 100% of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately preceding, but not including, the
Conversion Date. All such foregoing determinations will be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during such measuring period. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages including, but not limited to, as a result of a Triggering Event pursuant
to Section 10 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or
in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall
not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.
Following an Event of Default, the Conversion Price shall equal the lower of: (a) the then applicable Conversion Price; or (b) a price
per share equaling eighty percent (80%) of the lowest traded price for the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately
preceding, but not including, the Conversion Date.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery
Date) the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares
being acquired upon the conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock, which Conversion Shares shall be free of restrictive legends and trading
restrictions, and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends (if the Corporation has elected or is required to pay
accrued dividends in cash). The Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares electronically through the Depository Trust Company or
another established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

9

(ii) Failure
to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed
by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any
time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return
to the Holder any original Class B Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the
Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

(iii) Obligation
Absolute. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Class B Preferred Stock
in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce
the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other
Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective
of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance
of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such
action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert any or all of the Stated Value
of its Class B Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or any one associated or
affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court,
on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Class B Preferred Stock of such Holder shall have been
sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 150% of the Stated Value
of Class B Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence
of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the
Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 5 on the second Trading Day after
the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each $5,000 of Stated Value of Class B Preferred Stock being converted, $100 per Trading Day (increasing to $150 per
Trading Day on the third Trading Day and increasing to $200 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue)
for each Trading Day after such second Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder
rescinds such conversion. All liquidated damages shall be paid to the Holder not later than the fifth (5th) Trading Day after notice is
provided to the Corporation by the Holder stating that any such liquidated damages are due pursuant to this Section 5. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare a Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10 hereof
for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right
to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any
other Section hereof or under applicable law.

10

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section
5, and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date
(a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available
to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage
commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such
Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise
to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if
surrendered) the shares of Class B Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Class B Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in
which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have
been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 5. For example, if a Holder
purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of
shares of Class B Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions)
giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation
shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The payment of all amounts due by the Corporation to the Holder shall be paid in cash no
later than the fifth (5th) Business Day after notice is provided by a Holder to the Corporation requesting the payment of any such liquidated
damages. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In
and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue
any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares
of Class B Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(v) Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued
shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 300% of the Required Minimum for the sole purpose of issuance
upon conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock and payment of dividends on the Class B Preferred Stock, all as herein provided, free from
preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Significant Purchasers, not less than such
aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein or in any purchase agreement)
be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7, but ignoring any Beneficial Ownership Limitations
or other restrictions and/or limitations on conversions set forth herein or elsewhere) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares
of the Class B Preferred Stock and payment of dividends hereunder. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall
be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and, at such times as a registration
statement covering such shares is then effective under the Securities Act, will be registered for public resale in accordance with such
registration statement. For purposes of this Certification of Designation, the term Required Minimum shall be defined
as the product of (i) 300%, multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (A)(x) all outstanding Stated Value of all issued and outstanding
shares of the Class B Preferred Stock, (y) all unpaid dividends thereon (whether accrued or not), and (z) all fees and/or any costs and
expenses relating to the Transaction Documents, including, but not limited to, Late Fees and liquidation damages, divided by (B) the Conversion
Price on the Original Issue Date. The Required Minimum shall be increased from time to time to ensure appropriate coverage for Securities
issued or issuable to Purchaser.

11

(vi) Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Class B Preferred
Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

(vii) Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Class B Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to
any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares,
provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Class B Preferred
Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation
that such tax has been paid. In the event that the holder requests same-day processing for a Notice of Conversion, such Holder shall pay
all Transfer Agent fees required for such same-day processing and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

(d) Beneficial Ownership
Limitation. The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right
to convert any portion of the Class B Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable
Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such
Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted
Stated Value of Class B Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of
the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Class B Preferred Stock or Common Stock Equivalents) beneficially
owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 5(d),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 5(d) applies, the determination of whether the
Class B Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and of how
many shares of Class B Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice
of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Class B Preferred Stock may be converted
(in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and how many shares of the Class B Preferred Stock
are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will
be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated
the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 5(d), in determining the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent
of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii)
a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two
(2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Corporation, including the Class B Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of
the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Class
B Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder.

12

Section 6. Intentionally
Omitted.

Section 7. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends
and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Class B Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions that is payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common
Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion
of, or payment of a dividend on, the Class B Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number
of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then
the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Most Favored Nation
Provision. From the date hereof until the date when the Holder no longer holds any Class B Preferred Stock, upon any issuance by the
Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination
of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing), the Holder may elect, in its sole discretion, to exchange (in lieu of
conversion), if applicable, all or some of the shares of Class B Preferred Stock then held for any securities or units issued in a Subsequent
Financing on a $1.00 for $1.00 basis. The Corporation shall provide the Holder with notice of any such Subsequent Financing in the manner
set forth below. Additionally, if in such Subsequent Financing there are any contractual provisions or side letters that provide terms
more favorable to the investors than the terms provided for hereunder, then the Corporation shall specifically notify the Holder of such
additional or more favorable terms and such terms, at Holders option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the
Holder. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not
limited to, terms addressing stock sale price, private placement price per share, and warrant coverage. For purposes of illustration,
if a Subsequent Financing were to occur whereby the Corporation sells and issues a convertible note with a conversion price that includes
a discount to the market price of its Common Stock, the Holder will be entitled to receive the same convertible note on the exact same
terms on a dollar for dollar basis via the exchange of the Class B Preferred Stock the Holder holds on the date of the sale and issuance
of the convertible note.

13

(c) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder of will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Class B Preferred Stock (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

(d) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as the Class B Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution) at any time after the
issuance of this Class B Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to
the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Class B Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution
(provided, however to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

14

(e) Fundamental Transaction.

(1) General. The
Corporation shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity (as defined below) assumes in
writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation in accordance with the provisions of this Section
7(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such
Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for shares of Class B Preferred Stock a security of
the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Class B Preferred Stock, including,
without limitation, which is convertible into a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Common Stock
acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Class
B Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the Conversion Price hereunder to
such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being
for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Class B Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction) and (ii) if the Fundamental Transaction occurs within six (6) months of the Original Issue Date, the Successor Entity (including
its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon
the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after
the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation referring to the Corporation
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation
herein. Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall
be issued upon conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
in lieu of the shares of common stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the conversion of the Class
B Preferred Stock prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded Common Stock (or its equivalent) of
the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction had the Class B Preferred Stock been converted immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Certificate
of Designation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting Section 5 hereof, the Holder may elect, at its sole
option, by delivery of written notice to the Corporation to waive this Section 7(e) to permit the Fundamental Transaction
without the assumption of the Class B Preferred Stock. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to
the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities
or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event) the Corporation shall
make appropriate provision to ensure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of the Class B Preferred
Stock at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the expiration date, in lieu of the shares
of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants
or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction had the Preferred Shares been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any
limitations on the conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock). Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

15

(2) Black Scholes Value.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Section 5 above, at the request of the Holder delivered at any time
commencing on the earliest to occur of (x) the public disclosure of any Fundamental Transaction, (y) the consummation of any Fundamental
Transaction and (z) the Holder first becoming aware of any Fundamental Transaction through the date that is ninety (90) days after the
public disclosure of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction by the Corporation pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC, the Corporation or the Successor Entity (as the case may be) shall purchase the Class B Preferred Stock from the Holder
on the date of such request by paying to the Holder cash in an amount equal to the Black Scholes Value.

(3) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while any Class B Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental
Transaction) then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for
each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction,
at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 6 on the conversion of the Class B Preferred
Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Class B Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 5 on the conversion of the Class B Preferred
Stock), For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting
the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Corporation or any Successor Entity shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, purchase
the shares of Class B Preferred Stock from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value of the
remaining unconverted shares of Class B Preferred Stock on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction. Black
Scholes Value means the value of the unconverted shares of Class B Preferred Stock remaining on the date of the Holders
request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) which value is calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model for a call
or put option, as elected by the Holder, as obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying
price per share equal to the greater of (1) the highest closing price of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) and (2) the sum of
the price per share being offered in cash in the applicable Fundamental Transaction (if any) plus the value of the non-cash consideration
being offered in the applicable Fundamental Transaction (if any), (ii) a strike price equal to the Conversion Price in effect on the date
of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2), (iii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury
rate as of the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(c)(2) if such request is prior to the date of
the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) an expected volatility equal to the greater
of 100% and the thirty (30) day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the earliest to occur of (A) the public disclosure of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
(B) the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and (C) the date on which the Holder first became aware of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate
of Designation and any other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(e) pursuant to
written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the holder in exchange for the Class B Preferred
Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Class B
Preferred Stock which is convertible into a corresponding number of shares of capital stock or such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock (without regard to any
limitations on the conversion of the Class B Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which
applies the Conversion Price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common
Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and
such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Class B Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and any other Transaction Documents referring to the Corporation
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and any other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Corporation herein.

16

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case
may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice to the Holders.

(i) Adjustment
to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any
reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other
securities, cash or property (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Corporation (F) the Corporation shall take any action to effectuate a Corporation Redemption, or (G) a Triggering
Event shall have occurred, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose
of conversion of this Class B Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon
the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified
(unless a greater or lesser time period is expressly required elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation), a notice stating (x) the
date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is
not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that
any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Class B Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 20-day period commencing on
the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth
in this Certificate of Designation.

17

(h) Participation in
Subsequent Financing.

(i) Upon a Subsequent
Financing, a Holder of at least one hundred (100) shares of Class B Preferred Stock (each such Holder, a Significant Purchaser)
shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100% of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation
Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.

(ii) At least
five (5) Trading Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Corporation shall deliver to each Significant Purchaser a
written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask such Significant
Purchaser if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Financing Notice).
Upon the request of a Significant Purchaser, and only upon a request by such Significant Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice,
the Corporation shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to such
Significant Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing,
the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed
to be effected and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

(iii) Any Significant
Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Corporation by not later than 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all of the Significant Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice that such Significant
Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of such Purchasers participation, and representing
and warranting that such Significant Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the
Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Corporation receives no such notice from a Significant Purchaser as of such fifth (5th) Trading Day,
such Significant Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Corporation that it does not elect to participate.

(iv) If by 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all of the Significant Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice, notifications
by the Significant Purchasers of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause their designees to participate)
is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Corporation may effect the remaining portion of
such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(v) If by 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all of the Significant Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice, the Corporation
receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from Significant Purchasers seeking to purchase more than the aggregate amount of
the Participation Maximum, each such Significant Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its Pro Rata Portion (as defined below) of
the Participation Maximum. Pro Rata Portion means, for each Holder, a fraction the numerator of which is the number
shares of Class B Preferred Stock held by such Holder at the applicable time of determination and the denominator of which is the total
number of Class B Preferred Stock outstanding at the applicable time of determination.

(vi) The Corporation
must provide the Significant Purchasers with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Significant Purchasers will again have the
right of participation set forth above in this Section 7(h), if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent
Financing Notice is not consummated for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within ten (10) Trading
Days after the date of the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

18

(vii) The Corporation
and each Significant Purchaser agree that if any Significant Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the transaction
documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision whereby such Significant Purchaser shall be required
to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to any amendment to
or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent
of such Significant Purchaser. In addition, the Corporation and each Significant Purchaser agree that, in connection with a Subsequent
Financing, the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall include a requirement for the Corporation to issue a widely
disseminated press release by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day of execution of the transaction documents in such Subsequent
Financing (or, if the date of execution is not a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day) that discloses the material terms
of the transactions contemplated by the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing.

(viii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 7(h) and unless otherwise agreed to by such Significant Purchaser, the Corporation
shall either confirm in writing to such Significant Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned
or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that
such Significant Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th) Business Day following
delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect
to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by such Significant
Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and such Significant Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession
of any material, non-public information with respect to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ix) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 7(h) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

Section 8. Corporation
Redemption.

(a) The Corporation shall
have the right to redeem (a Corporation Redemption), all (but not less than all), shares of the Class B Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding at any time after the Original Issue Date, upon five (5) Business Days notice, at a redemption price
per Class B Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding (the Corporation Redemption Price), equal to the product
of (i) the Premium Rate multiplied by (ii) the sum of (x) the Stated Value, (y) all accrued but unpaid dividends, and (z) all other amount
due to the Holder pursuant to this Certificate of Designation and/or any Transaction Document including, but not limited to Late Fees,
liquidated damages and the legal fees and expenses of the Holders counsel relating to this Certification of Designation, any other
Transaction Document and/or the transactions contemplated thereunder and/or hereunder. Premium Rate means (a) 1.15
if all of the Class B Preferred Stock is redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof; (b) 1.2 if all of the
Class B Preferred Stock is redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days and within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days from the issuance
date thereof; or (c) 1.25 if all of the Class B Preferred Stock is redeemed after one hundred twenty (120) calendar days and within one
hundred eighty (180) calendar days from the issuance date thereof.

19

(b) The Corporation may
not deliver to a holder a Corporation Redemption Notice unless on or prior to the date of delivery of such Corporation Redemption Notice,
the Corporation shall have segregated on the books and records of the Corporation an amount of cash sufficient to pay the Corporation
Redemption Price for each share of Class B Preferred Stock then issued and duly. Any Corporation Redemption Notice delivered shall be
irrevocable and shall be accompanied by a statement executed by Corporation duly authorized officer of the Corporation.

(c) The Corporation Redemption
Price required to be paid by the Corporation to each Holder shall be paid in the cash to each Holder of shares of Class B Preferred Stock
no later than five (5) calendar days from the date of mailing of the Corporation Redemption Notice (the Corporation Redemption
Payment Date).

(d) Notwithstanding the
delivery of a Corporation Redemption Notice, a Holder may convert some or all of its shares of Class B Preferred Stock until the date
it receives in full Corporation Redemption Price, provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein or
elsewhere (i) in the event a Holder would be precluded from converting any shares of Class B Preferred Stock, due to the limitation contained
in Section 5, the Corporation Redemption Payment Date, for such Holder only, shall automatically be extended by one hundred
twenty (120) days (or such shorter period as so provided to the Corporation by the Holder at any time and (ii) if a Mandatory Conversion
has occurred prior to the Corporation Redemption Payment Date and for whatever reason including, but not limited to, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, a Holder still owns Class B Preferred Stock, any such Holder may elect to extend the Corporation Redemption Payment Date as
to any or all of such Holders Class B Preferred Stock for up to one hundred twenty (120) days following the Corporation Redemption
Payment Date to allow such Holder to convert its remaining Class B Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares.

Section 9. Negative
Covenants. From the date hereof until the date no shares of Class B Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, unless Holders of
at least 75% in Stated Value of the then outstanding shares of Class B Preferred Stock shall have otherwise given prior written consent,
the Corporation shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(a) other than Permitted
Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including
but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein
or any income or profits therefrom;

(b) other than Permitted
Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets
now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

20

(c) amend its charter documents,
including, without limitation, its articles of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights
of the Holder;

(d) repay, repurchase or
offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire of any shares of its Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or Junior Securities, other
than as to the Conversion Shares;

(e) pay cash dividends
or distributions on Junior Securities of the Corporation;

(f) enter into any transaction
with any Affiliate of the Corporation which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission, unless such transaction
is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Corporation (even if
less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or

(g) enter into any agreement
with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 10. Redemption
Upon Triggering Events.

(a) Triggering
Event means, wherever used herein any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall
be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule
or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i) the Corporation
shall fail to deliver Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder that comply with the provisions hereof prior to the fifth
(5th) Trading Day after such shares are required to be delivered hereunder, or the Corporation shall provide written notice
to any Holder, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with requests for conversion of any
shares of Class B Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof;

(ii) the Corporation
shall fail for any reason to pay in full the amount of cash due pursuant to a Buy-In within five (5) Trading Days after notice therefor
is delivered hereunder.

(iii) the Corporation
shall fail to have available a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to issue to such Holder upon a conversion
hereunder;

(iv) unless specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation as a Triggering Event, the Corporation shall fail to observe or perform any other
covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of, the applicable Transaction Documents and such failure
or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility of a cure by the Corporation, have been cured within five (5) calendar days after the
date on which written notice of such failure or breach shall have been delivered;

21

(v) the Corporation
shall redeem Junior Securities or paripassu securities;

(vi) the Corporation
shall be party to a Change of Control Transaction;

(vii) there shall
have occurred a Bankruptcy Event;

(viii) any monetary
judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Corporation, any subsidiary or any of their respective property
or other assets for more than $50,000 (provided that amounts covered by the Corporations insurance policies are not counted toward
this $50,000 threshold), and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of
thirty (30) Trading Days;

(ix) the electronic
transfer by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
once established subsequent to the date of this Certificate of Designation is no longer available or is subject to a freeze
and/or chill;

(x) the Corporation
shall no longer be DWAC eligible; or

(xi) any Event
of Default.

(b) Upon the occurrence
of a Triggering Event, each Holder shall (in addition to all other rights it may have hereunder or under applicable law) have the right,
exercisable at the sole option of such Holder, to require the Corporation to (A) redeem all of the Class B Preferred Stock then held by
such Holder for a redemption price, in cash, equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount, or (B) at the option of each Holder either (i)
redeem all of the Class B Preferred Stock then held by such Holder though the issuance to such Holder of such number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the quotient of (x) the Triggering Redemption Amount, divided by (y) the lowest of (1) the Conversion Price, and (2) 80%
of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately prior to the date of election hereunder,
and (ii) increase the dividend rate on all of the outstanding Class B Preferred Stock held by such Holder retroactively to the Original
Issue Date to 18% per annum thereafter. The Triggering Redemption Amount, whether payable in cash or in shares, shall be due and payable
or issuable, as the case may be, within five (5) Trading Days of the date on which the notice for the payment therefor is provided by
a Holder (the Triggering Redemption Payment Date). If the Corporation fails to pay in full the Triggering Redemption
Amount hereunder on the date such amount is due in accordance with this Section (whether in cash or shares of Common
Stock), the Corporation will pay interest thereon at a rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable
law, accruing and compounding daily from such date until the Triggering Redemption Amount, plus all such interest thereon, is paid in
full.

22

Section 11. Registration
Rights.

(a) If at any time on or
after the issuance date of the Class B Preferred Stock, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus
available for, the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder, and the Corporation proposes to file any Registration Statement with
respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into,
equity securities, by the Corporation for its own account or for shareholders of the Corporation for their account (or by the Corporation
and by shareholders of the Corporation), other than a Registration Statement in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the Corporation
shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the Holders as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the Holders the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Class B Preferred Stock as
such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration).
The Corporation shall cause such Class B Preferred Stock to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter
or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Class B Preferred Stock requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration
on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Corporation and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Class
B Preferred Stock in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their Class B
Preferred Stock through a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement
in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

(b) Any Holder may elect
to withdraw such Holders request for inclusion of Class B Preferred Stock in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice
to the Corporation of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Corporation (whether on its
own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw
a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the
Corporation shall pay all expenses incurred by the Holders in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration (including but not limited
to any legal fees).

(c) The Corporation shall
notify the Holders at any time when a prospectus relating to such Holders Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities
Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement,
as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. At the request of such Holder, the
Corporation shall also prepare, file and furnish to such Holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such
prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Class B Preferred Stock, such prospectus shall
not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The Holders shall not offer or sell any Class B Preferred
Stock covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment.

23

(d) The Corporation may
request a Holder to furnish the Corporation such information with respect to such Holder and such Holders proposed distribution
of the Class B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Corporation may from time to time reasonably request in writing
or as shall be required by law or by the Commission in connection therewith, and such Holders shall furnish the Corporation with such
information.

(e) All fees and expenses
incident to the performance of or compliance with this Section 11 by the Corporation shall be borne by the Corporation
whether or not any Class B Preferred Stock are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing
sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of
the Corporations counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B)
with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock are then listed for trading, (C) in compliance
with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Corporation in writing (including, without limitation, fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Corporation in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions) and (D) with respect to any
filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a Holder intends to make sales of Class B Preferred Stock with FINRA,
(ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Corporation,
(v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Corporation so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Corporation in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Section 11.

(f) The Corporation and
its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless each purchaser, each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners,
agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls each purchaser or any such holder (within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders,
partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles,
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified
Party) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred,
arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any
related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out
of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading
or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Corporation of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any
rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Section 11, except to the
extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding a purchaser or such Holder
furnished to the Corporation by such party for use therein. The Corporation shall notify each purchaser and each Holder promptly of the
institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Section
11 of which the Corporation is aware. If the indemnification hereunder is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient
to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then the Corporation shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Corporation and Indemnified Party in connection with
the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
fault of the Corporation and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question,
including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken
or made by, or relates to information supplied by, the Corporation or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party
as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party
in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for herein was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if
contribution pursuant to this Section 11(f) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 11(f), neither the purchaser nor any Holder shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount
in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities
pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required
to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

24

Section 12. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service and by facsimile
or e-mail, addressed to the Corporation, at 4730 S. Fort Apache Rd., Suite 300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89147; Attention: Chief Executive Officer,
e-mail jim@sensasuretch.com, or such other e-mail or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by prior written notice
to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 12. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to
be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation,
or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder provided
to the Corporation in writing. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section
12 prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice
or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section 12 on a day that is not
a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given.

(b) Absolute Obligation.
Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages, accrued dividends and accrued interest, as applicable, on the shares of
Class B Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

(c) Lost or Mutilated
Class B Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Class B Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu
of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Class B Preferred Stock so mutilated,
lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership
hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

(d) Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Certificate of Designation and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
Affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the
Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable
law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial. by jury
in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any
party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing party in
such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in
the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

25

(e) Waiver. Any
waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or a waiver
by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a (holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation
on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation
or a Holder must be in writing.

(f) Severability.
If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designation
shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to
all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the
applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate
of interest permitted under applicable law.

(g) Next Business Day.
Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the
next succeeding Business Day.

(h) Headings. The
headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed
to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(i) Status of Converted
or Redeemed Class B Preferred Stock. If any shares of Class B Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation,
such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Class B
Preferred Stock.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK]

26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have executed this Certificate this 9th day of May, 2024.

By: /s/ James D. Hiza

James D. Hiza

President

[Signature Page to Class B Preferred Stock
Certification of Designation]

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER
TO CONVERT SHARES OF CLASS B PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of Class B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Class B Preferred Stock) indicated below into shares of Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), of SENSASURE TECHNOLOGIES, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation).
according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other
than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates
and opinions as may be required by the Corporation or pursuant to the terms of the applicable Transaction Documents. No fee will be charged
to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion:__________________________________________________

Number of shares of Class B Preferred Stock owned
prior to Conversion:_________________

Number of shares of Class B Preferred Stock to
be Converted:__________________________

Stated Value of shares of Class B Preferred Stock
to be Converted:_______________________

Dollar amount of interest to be Converted:_____________________________________

Other amounts owed to the Undersigned by the

Corporation under the Certificate of Designation and/or 

any other Transaction Document to be
Converted:_______________________________

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued:________________________________

Applicable Conversion Price:____________________________________________

Number of shares of Class B Preferred Stock subsequent
to Conversion:_________________

Address for Delivery:_____________________________

Or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker no:_________________

Account no:________________

A-1

Name of Entity Holder_______________________(Please
Print)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Name of Individual Holder___________________(Please
Print)

________________________________________(Signature
of Individual Holder)

A-2

FORM OF CLOSING NOTICE

TO:

DATE: ___, 2024

We refer to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated [ ], 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between Formation Minerals, Inc., and you.
Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We hereby:

1) Give
you notice that we require you to purchase 95 shares of Preferred Stock; and

2) The
purchase price per share, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, is $1,000; and

3) Certify
that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 2.3 of the Agreement, as related to the obligations of the Company,
are satisfied.

Closing will occur in accordance with the terms
and conditions of Section 2 of the Agreement.

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022786501ex99-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN FORMATION MINERALS, INC. AND ICON CAPITAL GROUP, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

MEMBER FINRA/SIPC

895 Dove Street
Suite 300

Newport Beach, CA 92660

949-851-4700

www.iconcapg.com

banking@iconcapg.com

January 10, 2025

Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada Corporation

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas 76458

Dear Mr. Cox:

This letter (the
Agreement) constitutes the agreement between ICON Capital Group, LLC, a Texas limited liability company
(ICG or the Placement Agent), and Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (OTCB: FOMI) (the
Company or FOMI), who hereby agrees to sell 95 shares of Class B convertible preferred stock, par value
$0.01 per share of the Company (the Preferred Stock or the Securities), directly to a certain investor
(the Purchaser) through the Placement Agent, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the
proposed placement (the Placement) of the Securities to the Purchaser. The terms of the Placement and the Securities
shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Purchaser and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agent would have
the power or authority to bind the Company or the Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete the
Placement. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal. This Agreement and the documents
executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchaser in connection with the Placement, including but not limited to the Purchase
Agreement (as defined below), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The date of each
closing of the Placement shall be referred to herein as a Closing Date. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best-efforts basis only and that the execution of this
Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful
placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other
financing on behalf of the Company. Following the prior written consent of the Company, the Placement Agent may retain other brokers
or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected- dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placement. The sale of the Securities to
the Purchaser will be evidenced by a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) between the Company and the Purchaser
in a form mutually agreed upon by the Company, the Purchaser and the Placement Agent. The purchase price to the Purchaser for each
shall be set forth in the Transaction Documents. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to
such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, executive officers of the Company will be
available upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours to answer inquiries from the prospective Purchaser.

SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A. Representations
of the Company. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules thereto) and covenants
made by the Company to the Purchaser in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement is hereby incorporated herein by reference
into this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the applicable Closing Date,
hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants, as of the date
of this Agreement and as of the applicable Closing Date, that:

1. The Company has the
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the
Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Companys Board of Directors (the Board of
Directors) or the Companys stockholders in connection therewith. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company
and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable
remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

2. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the
issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby to which it is a
party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or
an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or
by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) conflict with or result in a
violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which
any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii),
such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect. A Subsidiary means any
subsidiary of the Company and where applicable, also includes any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired
after the date hereof.

2

3. Any
certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent shall be deemed
to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

4. The
Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and warranties
and hereby consents to such reliance.

5. The
Company is subject to the ongoing reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and has not been subject to an order
by the Commission denying, suspending, or revoking the registration of any class of securities pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act. The Company is not, nor upon completion of the transactions contemplated herein will it be, an investment company or
an affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company,
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). The Company is
not a development stage company or a business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company
Act. The Company is not a blank check company, nor is it an issuer of asset- backed securities as defined in Item 1101(c) of Regulation
AB.

6. The
Company is not a foreign private issuer, as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

7. Each
of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules thereto) made to the Purchaser in the Purchase Agreement
is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though fully restated herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

8. Neither
the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and neither of them will distribute, prior to each Closing Date, any
offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

B. Covenants
and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

1. Transfer
Agent; Auditor. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Preferred Stock.

3

2. Additional
Documents. The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent or the Purchaser
deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement
Agent and the Purchaser. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary of, the representations
and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with Purchaser in the Offering.

3. No
Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company.

4. Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement Agent's prior written
consent.

5. Announcement
of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the initial Closing Date, make public
its involvement with the Offering.

6. Reliance
on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT.
The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer
under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the States applicable to the offers and sales of the
Securities by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a corporate entity validly existing under the laws of its place of
incorporation or formation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The
Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status as such. The Placement Agent covenants
that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement
and the requirements of applicable law.

SECTION 3.
COMPENSATION. In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent or its
respective designees the following compensation with respect to the Securities which they are placing:

A. A
cash fee (the Cash Fee) equal to an aggregate of two percent (2%) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Placement
as the proceeds are received by the Company.

B. The Placement Agent reserves the right to
reduce any item of its compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination shall be made
by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof
require adjustment.

4

SECTION 4.
INDEMNIFICATION. The Company agrees to the indemnification and other agreements set forth in the Indemnification Provisions (the
Indemnification) attached hereto as Addendum A, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and
shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

SECTION 5.
ENGAGEMENT TERM. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder shall be until the earlier of (i) the final Closing Date of the
Placement and (ii) the date a party terminates the engagement according to the terms of the next sentence (such date, the Termination
Date and the period of time during which this Agreement remains in effect is referred to herein as the Term). The
engagement may be terminated at any time by either party upon five (5) days written notice to the other party, effective upon receipt
of written notice to that effect by the other party. If the Company elects to terminate this Agreement for any reason even though the
Placement Agent was prepared to proceed with the Placement reasonably within the intent of this Agreement, and if within forty-five (45)
days following such termination, the Company completes any financing of equity, equity-linked or debt or other capital raising activity
of the Company (other than the exercise by any person or entity of any options, warrants or other convertible securities) with any of
the investors first introduced to the Company by Placement Agent during the term of this Agreement, then the Company will pay the Placement
Agent upon the closing of such financing the compensation set forth in Section 3 herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the provisions concerning the Companys obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the
provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained
in the Indemnification Provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior
to the completion of the Placement, all fees due to the Placement Agent shall be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent on or before
the Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the Termination Date). The Placement Agent agrees not to use any
confidential information concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agent by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated
under this Agreement.

SECTION 6.
PLACEMENT AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with
this engagement is for the confidential use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required
by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents
prior written consent.

SECTION 7.
NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person
or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the Indemnification Provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Placement Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities
to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement
Agent hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

5

SECTION 8.
CLOSING. The obligations of the Placement Agent, and any closing of the sale of the Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy,
when made and on each applicable Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein and in
the Purchase Agreement, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to
the performance by the Company of their obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions, except as
otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent by the Company:

A. All
corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory
in all material respects to counsel for ICG, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they
may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

B. No
action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental
agency or body which would, as of each Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect
or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other
nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of such Closing Date which would prevent the
issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of
the Company.

C. The
Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with the Purchaser and such agreements shall be in full force and effect and shall
contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed between the Company and the Purchaser.

D. If any of the conditions
specified in this Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, or if any of the certificates, opinions,
written statements or letters furnished to the Placement Agent or to Placement Agents counsel pursuant to this Section 8 shall
not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and to Placement Agents counsel, all obligations of
the Placement Agent hereunder may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the consummation of the Closing. Notice
of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter
in writing.

6

SECTION 9. RESERVED.

SECTION 10. GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in Nevada and both this engagement letter and the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by
the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent and
the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this engagement letter and/or the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue
of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of
New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of
the Placement Agent and the Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in
any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the
Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or
proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by certified mail to the Placement Agents address shall be
deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent, in any such suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
any provision of this engagement letter to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor its affiliates, and
the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each other
person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in
contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction described herein except for
any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally judicially determined to have resulted
from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence an action or
proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by
the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

SECTION 11.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISC. This Agreement (including the attached Indemnification Provisions) embodies the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision
of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any
other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended
or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the closing of the Placement and delivery of the Securities. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective as of the date first written above when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other
party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile
transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

7

SECTION 12.
CONFIDENTIALITY. The Placement Agent (i) will keep the Confidential Information (as such term is defined below) confidential and
will not (except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, regulation or legal process (Legal Requirement)),
without the Companys prior written consent, disclose to any person any Confidential Information, and (ii) will not use any Confidential
Information other than in connection with the Placement. The Placement Agent further agree, severally and not jointly, to disclose the
Confidential Information only to its Representatives (as such term is defined below) who need to know the Confidential Information for
the purpose of the Placement, and who are informed by the Placement Agent of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information.
The term Confidential Information shall mean, all confidential, proprietary and non-public information (whether written,
oral or electronic communications) furnished by the Company to the Placement Agent or its Representatives in connection with the Placement
Agents evaluation of the Placement. The term Confidential Information will not, however, include information which
(i) is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a disclosure by the Placement Agent or its Representatives in violation
of this Agreement, (ii) is or becomes available to the Placement Agent or any of its Representatives on a non-confidential basis from
a third-party, (iii) is known to the Placement Agent or any of its Representatives prior to disclosure by the Company or any of its Representatives,
or (iv) is or has been independently developed by the Placement Agent and/or the Representatives without use of any Confidential Information
furnished to it by the Company. The term Representatives shall mean the Placement Agents and its affiliates respective
directors, officers, employees, advisors, attorneys, accountants, agents, representatives, affiliates, successors and assigns. This provision
shall be in full force until the earlier of (a) the date that the Confidential Information ceases to be confidential and (b) two years
from the date hereof. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, in the event that the Placement Agent or any of its Representatives are required
by Legal Requirement to disclose any of the Confidential Information, such Placement Agent and its Representatives will furnish only that
portion of the Confidential Information which such Placement Agent or its Representative, as applicable, is required to disclose by Legal
Requirement as advised by Placement Agents counsel, and will use reasonable efforts to obtain reasonable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information so disclosed.

SECTION 13. NOTICES. All
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or e-mailed and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the Placement Agent to the address
set forth herein, attention: John Calicchio, email:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Foley Shechter Ablovatskiy LLP

1180 Avenue of the Americas, 8th Floor

New York, New York
10036

E-mail:

Attention: Jonathan Shechter, Esq.

8

If to the Company:

Formation Minerals, Inc.

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas 76458

972-217-4080

E-mail:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10020

Attention: David Danovitch, Esq.

E-mail:

Any party hereto
may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

SECTION 14.
PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, from and after any Closing, have the right to reference
the Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its
website and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

9

[Signature Page to Placement Agency
Agreement Between

Formation Minerals, Inc. & ICON Capital Group, LLC]

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly
sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to ICG the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

ICON CAPITAL GROUP, LLC

By: /s/ John Calicchio

Name: John Calicchio

Title: President/CEO

Address for notice:

895 Dove Street, Suite 300

Newport Beach, CA 92660

Attention: John Calicchio

Email:

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above:

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 

By: /s/ Scott Cox 

Name: Scott Cox 

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Address for notice:

Formation Minerals, Inc.

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas 76458

E-mail:

10

ADDENDUM A

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

In connection with
the engagement of ICON Capital Group, LLC (the Placement Agent) by Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
pursuant to a placement agency agreement dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Placement Agent, as it may be amended
from time to time in writing (the Agreement), the Company hereby agrees as follows:

1. To
the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify the Placement Agent and each of their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
employees and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) against all losses, claims,
damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), relating to or arising
out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to the Agreement, except, with regard to the Placement Agent, to the extent that any losses,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court
of law to have resulted primarily and directly from the Placement Agents willful misconduct or gross negligence in performing the
services described herein, as the case may be.

2. Promptly
after receipt by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which the
Placement Agent are entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement
of such action or proceeding, and the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agent and will pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Placement
Agent will be entitled to employ counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for
the Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for
the same counsel to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more
than one such separate counsel will be paid by the Company. The Company will have the exclusive right to settle the claim or proceeding
provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent,
which will not be unreasonably withheld.

3. The
Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement
of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by the Agreement.

4. If for any reason the
foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then the Company
shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent, as the case may be, as a result of such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the
one hand, and the Placement Agent on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent
on the other that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The
amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to
include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred in defending any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim.
Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents share of the liability hereunder shall not be in excess of the
amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent under the Agreement (excluding any amounts received as
reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent).

5. These
Indemnification Provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by the Agreement is completed
and shall survive the termination of the Agreement and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to
any indemnified party under the Agreement or otherwise.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

11

[Signature Page to Indemnification
Provisions Pursuant to Placement Agency Agreement] between

Formation Minerals, Inc. & ICON Capital Group, LLC]

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above:

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 

By: /s/ Scott Cox 

Name: Scott Cox 

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Address for notice:

Formation Minerals, Inc.

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas 76458

E-mail:

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fomi-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fomi-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fomi-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41209

Entity Registrant Name FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001885336

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2406468

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One P.O. Box 67

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksboro

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76458

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 217-4080

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://formationminerals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0227865-8k_formation.htm 
fomi-20250110.xsd 
fomi-20250110_lab.xml 
fomi-20250110_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-004266-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0227865-8k_formation_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001885336 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001885336 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 
NV 
001-41209 
87-2406468 
P.O. Box 67 
Jacksboro 
TX 
76458 
972 
217-4080 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>