<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-007045.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-007045.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311163530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-007045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001389545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				680454536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33678
		FILM NUMBER:		25728165

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 POWELL STREET, SUITE 1150
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 899-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 POWELL STREET, SUITE 1150
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nby20250310_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?nby20250310_8k.htm

false000138954500013895452025-03-052025-03-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of earliest event reported: March 5, 2025

NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

001-33678 

68-0454536

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2000 Powell Street, Suite 1150, Emeryville, CA94608

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(510) 899-8800

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

NBY 

NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 5, 2025, NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd. (Sabby) entered into a Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement (the Sabby Settlement Agreement). The Sabby Settlement Agreement memorializes the terms and conditions for a settlement of certain disputed matters relating to Company warrants held by Sabby with an aggregate of 636,363 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), underlying such warrants (the Sabby Warrants). The disputed matters, among other things, included Sabby seeking to exercise certain buyout rights under the Sabby Warrants, prior to the expiration of such provisions, which certain rights have, in any case, expired on February 16, 2025, thirty (30) days following the closing of the Companys sale of substantially all of its assets on January 17, 2025.

The Sabby Settlement Agreement provides for: (i) a commitment by Sabby to exercise certain of the Sabby Warrants within three (3) business days following the execution of the Sabby Settlement Agreement at the exercise price of $0.66 per share of Common Stock (the Warrant Exercise) to purchase an aggregate of 263,892 shares of the underlying Common Stock, which is equal to approximately 4.99% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock (the Exercised Shares) and (ii) a commitment by the Company following the Warrant Exercise to purchase the Sabby Warrants having an aggregate of 1,008,834 shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants that remained unexercised for an aggregate cash payment from the Company to Sabby of $1,125,000 (the Warrant Purchase), which amount is subject to possible future upward adjustment as discussed below. Following the execution of the Sabby Settlement Agreement, the Warrant Exercise was promptly completed on March 6, 2025, followed by the completion of the Warrant Purchase on the next day, March 7, 2025.

The Sabby Settlement Agreement also provides for commitments by Sabby with respect to its ownership of the Exercised Shares, which include: (i) continuing to remain the record and beneficial owner of the Exercised Shares until the record date of March 18, 2025 (the Record Date) for the Companys special meeting of stockholders scheduled to be held on April 16, 2025 (the Special Meeting) where Company stockholders will be asked to consider and vote upon whether to approve the liquidation and dissolution of the Company under Delaware law (the Dissolution) pursuant to a Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution of the Company; (ii) voting all shares of Common Stock that it owns as of the Record Date, including the Exercised Shares, in favor of the proposal seeking approval of the Dissolution at the Special Meeting (the Voting Commitment); and (iii) limiting the amount of shares of Common Stock that it would sell from the Record Date until the date of the Special Meeting. To the extent that the Voting Commitment is not satisfied, then Sabby would be required to make a one-time payment of $425,000 in liquidated damages to the Company.

Under the Sabby Settlement Agreement, Sabby agreed that it shall not initiate any claims, either directly or indirectly, or participate in any proceedings against or involving the Company, and it shall not oppose or initiate any claim against the Company in connection with the Company seeking the Dissolution of the Company. The Sabby Settlement Agreement also includes a most favored nations provision that would increase the amount paid to Sabby for the Warrant Purchase if any other holder of Company Common Stock purchase warrants receives a higher amount per underlying warrant and a mutual release of all claims by the Company and Sabby against each other, without an admission of liability by either party.

On March 10, 2025, the Company also entered into a Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement (the Bigger Settlement Agreement) with Bigger Capital Fund, LP (Bigger) and a Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement (the District 2 Settlement Agreement) with District 2 Capital Fund LP (District 2), which are commonly controlled entities. The Bigger Settlement Agreement and the District 2 Settlement Agreement were each entered into to memorialize certain disputed matters relating to certain Common Stock purchase warrants held by Bigger with an aggregate of 318,181 shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants (the Bigger Warrants) and by District 2 with an aggregate of 318,181 shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants (the District 2 Warrants). The Bigger Warrants and the District 2 Warrants all have a per share exercise price of $0.66 per share. The disputed matters, among other things, included Bigger and District 2 seeking to exercise certain buyout rights under their respective Bigger Warrants and District 2 Warrants, prior to the expiration of such provisions, which certain rights have, in any case, expired on February 16, 2025, thirty (30) days following the closing of the Companys sale of substantially all of its assets on January 17, 2025.

The Bigger Settlement Agreement and District 2 Settlement Agreement provide for the same terms, conditions, obligations, commitments and mutual releases as the Sabby Settlement Agreement described above, except that under the terms of the Bigger Settlement Agreement and District 2 Settlement Agreement:

Bigger and District 2 will exercise each of their respective warrants to purchase 131,946 shares of Common Stock, which is equal to approximately 2.49% outstanding shares of Common Stock (or for an aggregate of 263,892 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 4.99% of outstanding shares of Common Stock when combining the exercised shares by Bigger and District 2);

the Company will, following the exercise by Bigger and District 2 of their warrants, then complete the purchase of the Bigger Warrants having an aggregate of 504,416 shares of Common Stock that remained unexercised and the District 2 Warrants having an aggregate of 504,416 shares of Common Stock that remained unexercised (an aggregate of 1,008,832 unexercised shares of Common Stock from both Bigger and District 2) for a cash payment from the Company to each of Bigger and District 2 of $344,924.04 (or for an aggregate payment to both Bigger and District 2 of approximately $689,848.08); and

the amount of liquidated damages payable to the Company if either Bigger or District 2 does not satisfy their respective Voting Commitment to the Company will be $150,000 (or an aggregate of $300,000, if both Bigger and District 2 fail to satisfy their Voting Commitment).

The foregoing description of the terms, conditions, obligations, commitments and mutual releases of the Sabby Settlement Agreement, the Bigger Settlement Agreement, and the District 2 Settlement Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by, reference to the Sabby Settlement Agreement, the Bigger Settlement Agreement, and the District 2 Settlement Agreement, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1* 

Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement, dated March 5, 2025, by and between NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd.

10.2* 

Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement, dated March 10, 2025, by and between NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bigger Capital Fund, LP

10.3* 

Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement, dated March 10, 2025, by and between NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and District 2 Capital Fund LP

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Certain schedules were omitted as well as certain confidential portions of the agreement by means of marking such portions with brackets (due to such confidential portions not being material and being the type of information that the Company treats as private or confidential) pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. The Company agrees to supplementally furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or confidential portions of an exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: /s/ Justin M. Hall

Justin M. Hall

Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel

Dated: March 11, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_787934.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_787934.htm

Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. THE REDACTEDTERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED WITH THE FOLLOWING MARKING: [Redacted.]

CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into this 5th day of March, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NovaBay) and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd., together with its affiliates (collectively, Sabby), referred to herein each individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, Sabby owns NovaBay Series F-1 Common Stock Purchase Warrants, exercisable for 636,363 underlying shares of Common Stock, dated July 29, 2024 (the Series F-1 Warrants), NovaBay Series F-2 Common Stock Purchase Warrants, exercisable for 636,363 underlying shares of Common Stock, dated July 29, 2024 (the Series F-2 Warrants) and NovaBay Series F-3 Common Stock Purchase Warrants, exercisable for 636,363 underlying shares of Common Stock, dated July 29, 2024 (the Series F-3 Warrants and together with the Series F-1 Warrants and the Series F-2 Warrants, the Warrants).

WHEREAS, on January 17, 2025, NovaBay completed the asset sale transaction (the Asset Sale Transaction) with PRN Physician Recommended Nutriceuticals, LLC, and plans to liquidate and dissolve the corporation pursuant to Delaware law, subject to a vote of its stockholders (the Dissolution);

WHEREAS, Sabby, following the completion of the Asset Sale Transaction, sought to exercise a buyout right under Section 3(d) of the Warrants (the Buyout Right) by providing written notice by email to NovaBay on January 23, 2025, which was prior to the expiration of the F-2 Warrants on January 29, 2025;

WHEREAS, certain disputes have arisen between the Parties with respect to the applicability of the Buyout Right to the Asset Sale Transaction, as well as the determination of the valuation of the Warrants upon such a buyout to the extent the Buyout Right applied; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to settle all disputes between them and release all claims against each other, without the admission of liability by either of them.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants and promises set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.Incorporation of Recitals.The foregoing recitals are expressly incorporated as part of the Agreement and the Parties confirm and represent to one another that said recitals are true and correct to the best of their knowledge, information, and belief.

2.Definitions.The following terms, as used in this Agreement, shall have the following meanings:

a. 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market of the Common Stock is open for trading.

1

b. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or any of the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

c. 

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share of NovaBay.

d. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of NovaBay which would entitle Sabby thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive Common Stock.

e. 

Record Date shall mean March 18, 2025 or such other date as determined by NovaBay to represent the stockholders of record at the close of business on such date that will be entitled to notice of and may vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment thereof.

f. 

Special Meeting shall mean NovaBays special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of (i) approving the Dissolution pursuant to the Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution of NovaBay, which, if approved, will authorize NovaBay to liquidate and dissolve in accordance with the Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution, and pursuant to the discretion of the Board of Directors of NovaBay to proceed with the Dissolution of NovaBay and (ii) granting discretionary authority to NovaBays Board of Directors to adjourn the special meeting of stockholders from time to time to establish a quorum or, even if a quorum is present, to permit further solicitation of proxies if there are not sufficient votes cast at the time of the special meeting of stockholders to approve the Dissolution.

g. 

Encumbrance means any lien (statutory or otherwise), encumbrance, security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, equitable interest, option, right of first offer or refusal or similar encumbrance of any kind, whether absolute or contingent, whether relating to any property or right, or income or profits therefrom or exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

3.Warrant Exercise. No later than three (3) business days following the execution of this Agreement, and prior to the Warrant Purchase provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, Sabby shall take the necessary action to exercise either the Series F-1 Warrant or the Series F-3 Warrant (the Warrant Exercise) at the current exercise price of $0.66 per share for an aggregate number of shares equal to 4.99% of outstanding Common Stock or 263,892 shares of Common Stock (the Exercised Shares). The Exercised Shares issued to Sabby upon payment of the exercise price to NovaBay shall be registered shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 333-280423. NovaBay represents to Sabby that as of February 27, 2025, there are 5,288,420 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

2

4.Warrant Purchase. Sabby hereby irrevocably grants, conveys, sells, transfers, and assigns to NovaBay all right, title, and interest in and to (i) the remaining exercisable Warrants, following the Warrant Exercise, for an aggregate of 1,008,834 shares of Common Stock (the remaining amount after the exercise and issuance of the Exercised Shares of 263,892 shares of Common Stock) and (ii) the expired, unexercised Series F-2 Warrants that represented an additional 636,363 shares of Common Stock and as to which Sabby invoked a Buyout Right prior to their expiration, all free and clear of all Encumbrances in exchange for a one-time cash payment of US $1,125,000.00 (the Warrant Purchase). Upon the aggregate exercise price being received by NovaBay for the Exercised Shares and evidence and confirmation of the ownership by Sabby of the Exercised Shares, NovaBay will on the next business day make the one-time payment for the Warrant Purchase to Sabby via wire transfer to the account designed by Sabby that is set forth on Schedule 1 to this Agreement. Sabby shall cooperate with NovaBay to cause the Warrant Purchase to be effective, including coordination with NovaBays transfer agent for ownership of the Warrants to be transferred to NovaBay.

5.Confirmation of Warrant Cancellation. Upon payment by NovaBay to Sabby of the Warrant Purchase as provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, Sabby agrees that the Warrants are irrevocably cancelled, and that Sabby has no further rights under the Warrants and that NovaBay has no further obligations to Sabby thereunder.

6.Ownership. Sabby, together with its affiliates, represents that it was the sole record and beneficial owner of the Warrants, free and clear of any Encumbrances or restriction on transfer prior to the execution of this Agreement and through the completion of the Warrant Purchase. Sabby has owned all of the Warrants since they were originally issued by NovaBay and has not and will not exercise the Warrants prior to completion of the Warrant Purchase, except for the Exercised Shares as contemplated by Section 3 of this Agreement. Sabby represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates owns any shares of Common Stock, Common Stock purchase warrants (other than the Warrants) or any other Common Stock Equivalents of NovaBay as of the date hereof. Sabby agrees that, other than the Exercised Shares to be acquired upon exercise of the Warrants, neither Sabby, nor any of its affiliates, shall purchase, acquire or otherwise own, directly or indirectly, any other Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other securities of NovaBay at any time after the date hereof. The execution, delivery, and performance by Sabby of this Agreement and the consummation by Sabby of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrances on the Warrants or violate or conflict in any way with any contract, law, order, judgment or other restriction applicable to Sabby.

7.Leak Out. Sabby agrees that it shall remain the record and beneficial owner of all of the Exercised Shares from the date of issuance to Sabby until the day after the Record Date. Beginning on the first Trading Day after the Record Date and ending at 11:59 p.m. on the date the Special Meeting is convened, currently anticipated to be April 16, 2025 (such period, the Restricted Period), neither Sabby, nor any affiliate of Sabby, shall sell, dispose or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, any sales, short sales, swaps or any derivative transactions that would be equivalent to any sales or short positions), on any Trading Day during the Restricted Period (any such date, a Date of Determination), shares of Common Stock when measured at any given point during the applicable Date of Determination, 10%of the cumulative trading volume of the Common Stock for such date (which cumulative trading volume shall include pre-market, market and post-market trading volume for such date) as reported by Bloomberg, LP (the Leak-Out Percentage), provided that, for purposes of clarity, the Leak-Out Percentage of the cumulative trading volume of the Common Stock on the applicable Date of Determination applies at each moment during such Date of Determination.

3

8.Voting Commitment. Sabby agrees that it will (a) vote, or cause to be voted, all shares of Common Stock that it owns of record and beneficially, including the Exercised Shares (collectively, the Owned Shares), at the Special Meeting in favor of all proposals that are presented to stockholders by NovaBay at the Special Meeting and (b) not revoke or change all or any part of the shares voted at the Special Meeting at any time. Sabby will vote, or cause to be voted, the Owned Shares by proxy as soon as practicable after the definitive proxy statement for the Special Meeting (the Definitive Proxy Statement) has been filed by NovaBay with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which shall be not later than 10 days after the date of the filing of the Definitive Proxy Statement with the SEC. NovaBay shall provide written notice to Sabby of the filing of the Definitive Proxy Statement. 

9.Liquidated Damages. In the event that Sabby does not comply with its commitment to vote all of the Owned Shares in favor of all of the proposals presented to stockholders at the Special Meeting as provided in Section 8 of this Agreement, then Sabby shall make a one-time payment to NovaBay as liquidated damages in the amount of $425,000.00 (the Liquidated Damages) within two (2) Trading Days after the date of the Special Meeting (the Liquidated Damages Payment Date). If Sabby fails to promptly pay the Liquidated Damages in full that are due to NovaBay, and, in order to obtain such payment, NovaBay or its designee commences a suit that results in a judgment against Sabby for all or a portion of the Liquidated Damages, Sabby shall pay to NovaBay interest on the amount of the Liquidated Damages from the Liquidated Damages Payment Date until the date such payment is received by NovaBay or its successor or assignee at a rate equal to five percent (5%) over the Federal Reserve discount rate including any surcharge as of the time from which interest is due in accordance with 6 Delaware Code 2301, plus NovaBays reasonable attorneys fees for obtaining that judgment.

The Parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 9 are an integral part of the settlement contemplated by this Agreement, that the damages resulting from the circumstances where the Liquidated Damages are payable are uncertain and incapable of accurate calculation and that the amounts payable pursuant to this Section 9 reasonably provide a fair and adequate measure of the actual damages that may be incurred and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty, and that, without these agreements in this Section 9, NovaBay would not have entered into this Agreement.

10.Standstill.Sabby shall not initiate any claims, either directly or indirectly, or participate in any proceedings, in any capacity, whether as a current or former holder of the Warrants or a future, current or former holder of Common Stock, against, or involving, NovaBay, for any reason whatsoever. Included in this promise, Sabby agrees not to oppose or initiate any claim or action against NovaBay relating to the Dissolution, either directly or indirectly, except that if Sabby holds any of the Exercised Shares during the Dissolution, then Sabby may exercise its right to receive a distribution in the Dissolution in an amount per share of Common Stock that NovaBay determined will also be provided to all other holders of Common Stock.

4

11.Cooperation.Following the execution of this Agreement, NovaBay and Sabby shall cooperate and use all commercially reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken all necessary or appropriate actions and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or appropriate to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated hereby, including the execution of the Warrant Exercise, the Warrant Purchase, the issuance and voting of the Warrant Shares, and all such other actions as a Party may reasonably be requested to take by the other Party from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in order to effectuate the provisions and purposes of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement. On the date of this Agreement and again just prior to the Warrant Purchase, Sabby shall provide NovaBay with evidence of its total Warrant ownership, which shall include a screenshot and/or account statement reasonably satisfactory to NovaBay.

12.Most Favored Nation. Following the execution of this Agreement, in the event that NovaBay purchases NovaBay Common Stock purchase warrants held by another NovaBay warrant holder at a higher price per underlying share of Common Stock than afforded to Sabby in the Warrant Purchase under this Agreement, then NovaBay shall promptly pay Sabby the difference per warrant purchased. This payment to Sabby will be limited to the number of NovaBay Common Stock purchase warrants purchased by NovaBay from the other warrant holder at the higher per underlying share of Common Stock. For the purpose of this Section 12, the price per underlying share of Common Stock afforded to Sabby in the Warrant Purchase shall be determined based upon the cash payment amount in Section 4 divided by a total of 1,645,197 shares of Common Stock, representing the total number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants originally tendered by Sabby less the aggregate number of the Exercised Shares pursuant to Section 3.

13.Release by NovaBay. In consideration for the promises contained herein, NovaBay, for and on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges Sabby and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, causes of action, claims, demands, actions, charges, obligations, damages, costs, losses, rights and/or judgments, of any kind, nature or description whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising from the beginning of time until the date of this Agreement (the NovaBay Released Claims); provided, however, that this release shall not apply to any actions or proceedings to enforce this Agreement or for breach of this Agreement. NovaBay represents and warrants that it has not sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to any other party any claim or potential claim against Sabby.

NovaBay hereby expressly and knowingly waives and relinquishes any and all rights that it has or might have relating to the NovaBay Released Claims under California Civil Code 1542 (and under other statutes or common law principles of similar effect) which reads as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

5

NovaBay acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from, or in addition to, those which it now believes to be true with respect to the NovaBay Released Claims above. NovaBay agrees that the foregoing release and waiver shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different or additional facts or discovery thereof, and that this Agreement contemplates the extinguishment of all such NovaBay Released Claims. By executing this Agreement, NovaBay acknowledges the following: (a) it is represented by counsel and (b) it fully understands the provisions of California Civil Code 1542 and (c) it fully understands the consequences of the above.

14.Release by Sabby. In consideration for the promises contained herein, Sabby, for and on behalf of itself and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges NovaBay and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, causes of action, claims, demands, actions, charges, obligations, damages, costs, losses, rights and/or judgments, of any kind, nature or description, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising from the beginning of time until the date of this Agreement (the Sabby Released Claims); provided, however, that this release shall not apply to any actions or proceedings to enforce this Agreement or for breach of this Agreement. Sabby represents and warrants that it has not sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to any other party any claim or potential claim against NovaBay.

Sabby hereby expressly and knowingly waives and relinquishes any and all rights that it has or might have relating to the Sabby Released Claims under California Civil Code 1542 (and under other statutes or common law principles of similar effect) which reads as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

Sabby acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from, or in addition to, those which it now believes to be true with respect to the Sabby Released Claims above. Sabby agrees that the foregoing release and waiver shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different or additional facts or discovery thereof, and that this Agreement contemplates the extinguishment of all such Sabby Released Claims. By executing this Agreement, Sabby acknowledges the following: (a) it is represented by counsel; (b) it has read and fully understands the provisions of California Civil Code 1542; and (c) it fully understands the consequences of the above.

6

15.No Admission of Liability. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and that this Agreement and the actions taken pursuant to this Agreement do not constitute an acknowledgement or admission by either Party of (a) any wrongdoing or any liability, and each Party expressly denies any wrongdoing or any liability or (b) any interpretation of the terms of the Warrants.

16.Confidentiality. The Parties agree to keep the facts and terms of this Agreement strictly confidential and shall not disclose them to any third-party, except (a) as may be required by an order of court or other quasi-judicial or regulatory body with the legal right and power to compel such information, (b) to a Partys legal, tax, and/or financial advisors, who are under confidentiality obligations, (c) to any appropriate regulatory or tax authorities, and (d) as otherwise required by law, including but not limited to applicable federal securities laws as part of NovaBays Definitive Proxy Statement and/or its reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

17.Responsibility for Costs and Taxes. Each Party shall bear its own respective fees and costs in connection with this settlement and Agreement, including without limitation, their respective attorneys fees. No Party shall be liable to the other Party for any taxes that may be deemed due and owing to any authority by reason of this Agreement. No representations regarding the tax consequences of this Agreement have been made by or to any Party by the other Party.

18.Full Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that no promise or agreement not herein expressed has been made to them and that this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties hereto. This Agreement may not be modified or amended, except by a writing signed by both Parties. This Agreement is and will be binding upon the Parties and upon, as applicable, their successors and permitted assigns.No assignment of all or any part of this Agreement or any right or obligation under this Agreement may be made by either Party without the prior written consent of the other non-assigning Party.

19. Enforceability. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared or determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or void, such declaration or determination shall not affect the remaining terms of this Agreement, which shall be fully legal, valid, and enforceable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

20.No Waiver. The failure of any Party to insist upon compliance with any of the provisions of this Agreement or the waiver thereof, in any instance, shall not be construed as a general waiver or relinquishment by such Party or any other provision of this Agreement.

21.Authority to Execute. The persons signing this Agreement specifically warrant and represent that they have full power and authority to execute this Agreement, have carefully read and understand the terms of this Agreement and are entering into it voluntarily, and further represent that they have not transferred, assigned or otherwise conveyed in any manner or form, any of the rights, obligations, or claims that are the subject matter of this Agreement. The Parties further represent and acknowledge that in executing this Agreement, they have not relied upon any representations or statements not set forth herein made by any Party or the Partys agents, representatives, or attorneys with regard to the subject matter of this Agreement.

7

22. Notices. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be delivered by hand, by nationally recognized private courier, by United States mail or by email. Notices delivered by mail shall be treated as given two (2) business days after being deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail. Notices delivered by hand, by nationally recognized private carrier or by email shall be treated as given on the date of receipt; except that a notice delivered by email shall only be effective if such notice is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 22 prior to 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on any date. Any notice to be given or delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be ineffective unless given or delivered in writing as follows: (a) if to Sabby, addressed to Robert Grundstein, Email: [Redacted.] with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, Attention: Thomas J. Fleming, Email: [Redacted.], and (b) if to NovaBay, addressed to NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 2000 Powell Street, Suite 1150, Emeryville, CA 94608, Email: [Redacted.], Attention: Justin M. Hall with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP, 2550 M Street, NW, Washington, DC 20037, Email: [Redacted.], Attention: Abby E. Brown, Esq.; or (c) to such other respective addresses or addressees as may be designated by notice in writing by a Party to the other in writing after the date hereof. 

23.Counterparts. This Agreement shall become effective immediately following execution by each of the Parties. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, in which case, upon delivery, each such counterpart shall be sufficient as against the Party or Parties executing it, and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. A facsimile, DocuSign, or PDF/e-mail signature of a Party to the Agreement shall have the same force and effect as an original signature.

24.Governing Law. Section 5(e) of the Series F-1 Warrant is incorporated by reference.

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been approved and executed by the Parties as of the date first above written.

NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Justin M. Hall

Name: 

Justin M. Hall

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel

Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd.

By: 

/s/ Robert Grundstein

Name: 

Robert Grundstein

Title: 

COO of Investment Manager

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_787935.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_787935.htm

Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. THE REDACTEDTERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED WITH THE FOLLOWING MARKING: [Redacted.]

CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into this 10th day of March 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NovaBay) and Bigger Capital Fund, LP, together with its affiliates (collectively, Bigger), referred to herein each individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, Bigger owns NovaBay Series F-1 Common Stock Purchase Warrants, exercisable for 318,181 underlying shares of Common Stock, dated July 29, 2024 (the Series F-1 Warrants), and NovaBay Series F-3 Common Stock Purchase Warrants, exercisable for 318,181 underlying shares of Common Stock, dated July 29, 2024 (the Series F-3 Warrants and together with the Series F-1 Warrants, the Warrants);

WHEREAS, on January 17, 2025, NovaBay completed the asset sale transaction (the Asset Sale Transaction) with PRN Physician Recommended Nutriceuticals, LLC, and plans to liquidate and dissolve the corporation pursuant to Delaware law, subject to a vote of its stockholders (the Dissolution);

WHEREAS, Bigger, following the completion of the Asset Sale Transaction, sought to exercise a buyout right under Section 3(d) of the Warrants (the Buyout Right) by providing written notice by email to NovaBay on January 30, 2025;

WHEREAS, certain disputes have arisen between the Parties with respect to the applicability of the Buyout Right to the Asset Sale Transaction, as well as the determination of the valuation of the Warrants upon such a buyout to the extent the Buyout Right applied; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to settle all disputes between them and release all claims against each other, without the admission of liability by either of them.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants and promises set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.Incorporation of Recitals.The foregoing recitals are expressly incorporated as part of the Agreement and the Parties confirm and represent to one another that said recitals are true and correct to the best of their knowledge, information, and belief.

2.Definitions.The following terms, as used in this Agreement, shall have the following meanings:

a. 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market of the Common Stock is open for trading.

b. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or any of the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1

c. 

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share of NovaBay.

d. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of NovaBay which would entitle Bigger thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive Common Stock.

e. 

Record Date shall mean March 18, 2025 or such other date as determined by NovaBay to represent the stockholders of record at the close of business on such date that will be entitled to notice of and may vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment thereof.

f. 

Special Meeting shall mean NovaBays special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of (i) approving the Dissolution pursuant to the Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution of NovaBay, which, if approved, will authorize NovaBay to liquidate and dissolve in accordance with the Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution, and pursuant to the discretion of the Board of Directors of NovaBay to proceed with the Dissolution of NovaBay and (ii) granting discretionary authority to NovaBays Board of Directors to adjourn the special meeting of stockholders from time to time to establish a quorum or, even if a quorum is present, to permit further solicitation of proxies if there are not sufficient votes cast at the time of the special meeting of stockholders to approve the Dissolution.

g. 

Encumbrance means any lien (statutory or otherwise), encumbrance, security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, equitable interest, option, right of first offer or refusal or similar encumbrance of any kind, whether absolute or contingent, whether relating to any property or right, or income or profits therefrom or exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

3.Warrant Exercise. No later than three (3) business days following the execution of this Agreement, and prior to the Warrant Purchase provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, Bigger shall take the necessary action to exercise either the Series F-1 Warrant or the Series F-3 Warrant (the Warrant Exercise) at the current exercise price of $0.66 per share for an aggregate number of shares equal to 2.49% of outstanding Common Stock or 131,946 shares of Common Stock (the Exercised Shares). The Exercised Shares issued to Bigger upon payment of the exercise price to NovaBay shall be registered shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 333-280423. NovaBay represents to Bigger that as of March 7, 2025, there are 5,288,420 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

4.Warrant Purchase. Bigger hereby irrevocably grants, conveys, sells, transfers, and assigns to NovaBay all right, title, and interest in and to the remaining exercisable Warrants, following the Warrant Exercise, for an aggregate of 504,416 shares of Common Stock (the remaining amount after the exercise and issuance of the Exercised Shares of 131,946 shares of Common Stock) free and clear of all Encumbrances in exchange for a one-time cash payment of US $344,924.04 (the Warrant Purchase). Upon the aggregate exercise price being received by NovaBay for the Exercised Shares and evidence and confirmation of the ownership by Bigger of the Exercised Shares, NovaBay will on the next business day make the one-time payment for the Warrant Purchase to Bigger via wire transfer to the account designed by Bigger that is set forth on Schedule 1 to this Agreement. Bigger shall cooperate with NovaBay to cause the Warrant Purchase to be effective, including coordination with NovaBays transfer agent for ownership of the Warrants to be transferred to NovaBay.

2

5.Confirmation of Warrant Cancellation. Upon payment by NovaBay to Bigger of the Warrant Purchase as provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, Bigger agrees that the Warrants are irrevocably cancelled, and that Bigger has no further rights under the Warrants and that NovaBay has no further obligations to Bigger thereunder.

6.Ownership. Bigger, together with its affiliates, represents that it was the sole record and beneficial owner of the Warrants, free and clear of any Encumbrances or restriction on transfer prior to the execution of this Agreement and through the completion of the Warrant Purchase. Bigger has owned all of the Warrants since they were originally issued by NovaBay and has not and will not exercise the Warrants prior to completion of the Warrant Purchase, except for the Exercised Shares as contemplated by Section 3 of this Agreement. Bigger represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates owns any shares of Common Stock, Common Stock purchase warrants (other than the Warrants) or any other Common Stock Equivalents of NovaBay as of the date hereof. Bigger agrees that, other than the Exercised Shares to be acquired upon exercise of the Warrants, neither Bigger, nor any of its affiliates, shall purchase, acquire or otherwise own, directly or indirectly, any other Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other securities of NovaBay at any time after the date hereof. The execution, delivery, and performance by Bigger of this Agreement and the consummation by Bigger of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrances on the Warrants or violate or conflict in any way with any contract, law, order, judgment or other restriction applicable to Bigger.

7.Leak Out. Bigger agrees that it shall remain the record and beneficial owner of all of the Exercised Shares from the date of issuance to Bigger until the day after the Record Date. Beginning on the first Trading Day after the Record Date and ending at 11:59 p.m. on the date the Special Meeting is convened, currently anticipated to be April 16, 2025 (such period, the Restricted Period), neither Bigger, nor any affiliate of Bigger, shall sell, dispose or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, any sales, short sales, swaps or any derivative transactions that would be equivalent to any sales or short positions), on any Trading Day during the Restricted Period (any such date, a Date of Determination), shares of Common Stock when measured at any given point during the applicable Date of Determination, 10%of the cumulative trading volume of the Common Stock for such date (which cumulative trading volume shall include pre-market, market and post-market trading volume for such date) as reported by Bloomberg, LP (the Leak-Out Percentage), provided that, for purposes of clarity, the Leak-Out Percentage of the cumulative trading volume of the Common Stock on the applicable Date of Determination applies at each moment during such Date of Determination.

3

8.Voting Commitment. Bigger agrees that it will (a) vote, or cause to be voted, all shares of Common Stock that it owns of record and beneficially, including the Exercised Shares (collectively, the Owned Shares), at the Special Meeting in favor of all proposals that are presented to stockholders by NovaBay at the Special Meeting and (b) not revoke or change all or any part of the shares voted at the Special Meeting at any time. Bigger will vote, or cause to be voted, the Owned Shares by proxy as soon as practicable after the definitive proxy statement for the Special Meeting (the Definitive Proxy Statement) has been filed by NovaBay with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which shall be not later than 10 days after the date of the filing of the Definitive Proxy Statement with the SEC. NovaBay shall provide written notice to Bigger of the filing of the Definitive Proxy Statement. 

9.Liquidated Damages. In the event that Bigger does not comply with its commitment to vote all of the Owned Shares in favor of all of the proposals presented to stockholders at the Special Meeting as provided in Section 8 of this Agreement, then Bigger shall make a one-time payment to NovaBay as liquidated damages in the amount of $150,000.00 (the Liquidated Damages) within two (2) Trading Days after the date of the Special Meeting (the Liquidated Damages Payment Date). If Bigger fails to promptly pay the Liquidated Damages in full that are due to NovaBay, and, in order to obtain such payment, NovaBay or its designee commences a suit that results in a judgment against Bigger for all or a portion of the Liquidated Damages, Bigger shall pay to NovaBay interest on the amount of the Liquidated Damages from the Liquidated Damages Payment Date until the date such payment is received by NovaBay or its successor or assignee at a rate equal to five percent (5%) over the Federal Reserve discount rate including any surcharge as of the time from which interest is due in accordance with 6 Delaware Code 2301, plus NovaBays reasonable attorneys fees for obtaining that judgment.

The Parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 9 are an integral part of the settlement contemplated by this Agreement, that the damages resulting from the circumstances where the Liquidated Damages are payable are uncertain and incapable of accurate calculation and that the amounts payable pursuant to this Section 9 reasonably provide a fair and adequate measure of the actual damages that may be incurred and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty, and that, without these agreements in this Section 9, NovaBay would not have entered into this Agreement.

10.Standstill.Bigger shall not initiate any claims, either directly or indirectly, or participate in any proceedings, in any capacity, whether as a current or former holder of the Warrants or a future, current or former holder of Common Stock, against, or involving, NovaBay, for any reason whatsoever. Included in this promise, Bigger agrees not to oppose or initiate any claim or action against NovaBay relating to the Dissolution, either directly or indirectly, except that if Bigger holds any of the Exercised Shares during the Dissolution, then Bigger may exercise its right to receive a distribution in the Dissolution in an amount per share of Common Stock that NovaBay determined will also be provided to all other holders of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this provision shall not apply to Biggers ability to invoke any rights or claims under the Convertible Note, dated March 22, 2024, made by NovaBay in favor of Bigger in the principal amount of $87,500 (the Convertible Note).

4

11.Cooperation.Following the execution of this Agreement, NovaBay and Bigger shall cooperate and use all commercially reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken all necessary or appropriate actions and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or appropriate to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated hereby, including the execution of the Warrant Exercise, the Warrant Purchase, the issuance and voting of the Warrant Shares, and all such other actions as a Party may reasonably be requested to take by the other Party from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in order to effectuate the provisions and purposes of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement. On the date of this Agreement and again just prior to the Warrant Purchase, Bigger shall provide NovaBay with evidence of its total Warrant ownership, which shall include a screenshot and/or account statement reasonably satisfactory to NovaBay.

12.Most Favored Nation. Following the execution of this Agreement, in the event that NovaBay purchases NovaBay Common Stock purchase warrants held by another NovaBay warrant holder at a higher price per underlying share of Common Stock than afforded to Bigger in the Warrant Purchase under this Agreement, then NovaBay shall promptly pay Bigger the difference per warrant purchased. This payment to Bigger will be limited to the number of NovaBay Common Stock purchase warrants purchased by NovaBay from the other warrant holder at the higher price per underlying share of Common Stock. For the purpose of this Section 12, the price per underlying share of Common Stock afforded to Bigger in the Warrant Purchase shall be determined based upon the cash payment amount in Section 4 divided by a total of 504,416 shares of Common Stock, representing the total number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants originally tendered by Bigger less the aggregate number of the Exercised Shares pursuant to Section 3.

13.Release by NovaBay. In consideration for the promises contained herein, NovaBay, for and on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges Bigger and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, causes of action, claims, demands, actions, charges, obligations, damages, costs, losses, rights and/or judgments, of any kind, nature or description whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising from the beginning of time until the date of this Agreement (the NovaBay Released Claims); provided, however, that this release shall not apply to any actions or proceedings to enforce this Agreement or for breach of this Agreement. NovaBay represents and warrants that it has not sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to any other party any claim or potential claim against Bigger.

NovaBay hereby expressly and knowingly waives and relinquishes any and all rights that it has or might have relating to the NovaBay Released Claims under California Civil Code 1542 (and under other statutes or common law principles of similar effect) which reads as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

NovaBay acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from, or in addition to, those which it now believes to be true with respect to the NovaBay Released Claims above. NovaBay agrees that the foregoing release and waiver shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different or additional facts or discovery thereof, and that this Agreement contemplates the extinguishment of all such NovaBay Released Claims. By executing this Agreement, NovaBay acknowledges the following: (a) it is represented by counsel and (b) it fully understands the provisions of California Civil Code 1542 and (c) it fully understands the consequences of the above.

5

14.Release by Bigger. In consideration for the promises contained herein, Bigger, for and on behalf of itself and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges NovaBay and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, causes of action, claims, demands, actions, charges, obligations, damages, costs, losses, rights and/or judgments, of any kind, nature or description, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising from the beginning of time until the date of this Agreement (the Bigger Released Claims); provided, however, that this release shall not apply to any actions or proceedings to enforce this Agreement or for breach of this Agreement. Bigger represents and warrants that it has not sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to any other party any claim or potential claim against NovaBay.

Bigger hereby expressly and knowingly waives and relinquishes any and all rights that it has or might have relating to the Bigger Released Claims under California Civil Code 1542 (and under other statutes or common law principles of similar effect) which reads as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

Bigger acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from, or in addition to, those which it now believes to be true with respect to the Bigger Released Claims above. Bigger agrees that the foregoing release and waiver shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different or additional facts or discovery thereof, and that this Agreement contemplates the extinguishment of all such Bigger Released Claims. By executing this Agreement, Bigger acknowledges the following: (a) it is represented by counsel; (b) it has read and fully understands the provisions of California Civil Code 1542; and (c) it fully understands the consequences of the above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this provision shall not apply to Biggers ability to invoke any rights or claims under the Convertible Note.

15.No Admission of Liability. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and that this Agreement and the actions taken pursuant to this Agreement do not constitute an acknowledgement or admission by either Party of (a) any wrongdoing or any liability, and each Party expressly denies any wrongdoing or any liability or (b) any interpretation of the terms of the Warrants.

6

16.Confidentiality. The Parties agree to keep the facts and terms of this Agreement strictly confidential and shall not disclose them to any third-party, except (a) as may be required by an order of court or other quasi-judicial or regulatory body with the legal right and power to compel such information, (b) to a Partys legal, tax, and/or financial advisors, who are under confidentiality obligations, (c) to any appropriate regulatory or tax authorities, and (d) as otherwise required by law, including but not limited to applicable federal securities laws as part of NovaBays Definitive Proxy Statement and/or its reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

17.Responsibility for Costs and Taxes. Each Party shall bear its own respective fees and costs in connection with this settlement and Agreement, including without limitation, their respective attorneys fees. No Party shall be liable to the other Party for any taxes that may be deemed due and owing to any authority by reason of this Agreement. No representations regarding the tax consequences of this Agreement have been made by or to any Party by the other Party.

18.Full Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that no promise or agreement not herein expressed has been made to them and that this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties hereto. This Agreement may not be modified or amended, except by a writing signed by both Parties. This Agreement is and will be binding upon the Parties and upon, as applicable, their successors and permitted assigns.No assignment of all or any part of this Agreement or any right or obligation under this Agreement may be made by either Party without the prior written consent of the other non-assigning Party.

19. Enforceability. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared or determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or void, such declaration or determination shall not affect the remaining terms of this Agreement, which shall be fully legal, valid, and enforceable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

20.No Waiver. The failure of any Party to insist upon compliance with any of the provisions of this Agreement or the waiver thereof, in any instance, shall not be construed as a general waiver or relinquishment by such Party or any other provision of this Agreement.

21.Authority to Execute. The persons signing this Agreement specifically warrant and represent that they have full power and authority to execute this Agreement, have carefully read and understand the terms of this Agreement and are entering into it voluntarily, and further represent that they have not transferred, assigned or otherwise conveyed in any manner or form, any of the rights, obligations, or claims that are the subject matter of this Agreement. The Parties further represent and acknowledge that in executing this Agreement, they have not relied upon any representations or statements not set forth herein made by any Party or the Partys agents, representatives, or attorneys with regard to the subject matter of this Agreement.

7

22. Notices. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be delivered by hand, by nationally recognized private courier, by United States mail or by email. Notices delivered by mail shall be treated as given two (2) business days after being deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail. Notices delivered by hand, by nationally recognized private carrier or by email shall be treated as given on the date of receipt; except that a notice delivered by email shall only be effective if such notice is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 22 prior to 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on any date. Any notice to be given or delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be ineffective unless given or delivered in writing as follows: (a) if to Bigger, addressed to Michael Bigger; [Redacted.] with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, Attention: Kenneth A. Schlesinger, Email: [Redacted.], and (b) if to NovaBay, addressed to NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 2000 Powell Street, Suite 1150, Emeryville, CA 94608, Email: [Redacted.], Attention: Justin M. Hall with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP, 2550 M Street, NW, Washington, DC 20037, Email: [Redacted.], Attention: Abby E. Brown, Esq.; or (c) to such other respective addresses or addressees as may be designated by notice in writing by a Party to the other in writing after the date hereof. 

23.Counterparts. This Agreement shall become effective immediately following execution by each of the Parties. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, in which case, upon delivery, each such counterpart shall be sufficient as against the Party or Parties executing it, and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. A facsimile, DocuSign, or PDF/e-mail signature of a Party to the Agreement shall have the same force and effect as an original signature.

24.Governing Law. Section 5(e) of the Series F-1 Warrant is incorporated by reference.

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been approved and executed by the Parties as of the date first above written.

NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Justin M. Hall

Name: 

Justin M. Hall

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel

Bigger Capital Fund, LP

By: 

/s/ Michael Bigger

Name: 

Michael Bigger

Title: 

Managing Member of the GP

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_787936.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_787936.htm

Exhibit 10.3

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. THE REDACTEDTERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED WITH THE FOLLOWING MARKING: [Redacted.]

CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into this 10th day of March 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NovaBay) and District 2 Capital Fund LP, together with its affiliates (collectively, District 2), referred to herein each individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, District 2 owns NovaBay Series F-1 Common Stock Purchase Warrants, exercisable for 318,181 underlying shares of Common Stock, dated July 29, 2024 (the Series F-1 Warrants), and NovaBay Series F-3 Common Stock Purchase Warrants, exercisable for 318,181 underlying shares of Common Stock, dated July 29, 2024 (the Series F-3 Warrants and together with the Series F-1 Warrants, the Warrants),

WHEREAS, on January 17, 2025, NovaBay completed the asset sale transaction (the Asset Sale Transaction) with PRN Physician Recommended Nutriceuticals, LLC, and plans to liquidate and dissolve the corporation pursuant to Delaware law, subject to a vote of its stockholders (the Dissolution);

WHEREAS, District 2, following the completion of the Asset Sale Transaction, sought to exercise a buyout right under Section 3(d) of the Warrants (the Buyout Right) by providing written notice by email to NovaBay on January 30, 2025;

WHEREAS, certain disputes have arisen between the Parties with respect to the applicability of the Buyout Right to the Asset Sale Transaction, as well as the determination of the valuation of the Warrants upon such a buyout to the extent the Buyout Right applied; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to settle all disputes between them and release all claims against each other, without the admission of liability by either of them.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants and promises set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.Incorporation of Recitals.The foregoing recitals are expressly incorporated as part of the Agreement and the Parties confirm and represent to one another that said recitals are true and correct to the best of their knowledge, information, and belief.

2.Definitions.The following terms, as used in this Agreement, shall have the following meanings:

a. 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market of the Common Stock is open for trading.

b. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or any of the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1

c. 

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share of NovaBay.

d. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of NovaBay which would entitle District 2 thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive Common Stock.

e. 

Record Date shall mean March 18, 2025 or such other date as determined by NovaBay to represent the stockholders of record at the close of business on such date that will be entitled to notice of and may vote at the Special Meeting or any adjournment thereof.

f. 

Special Meeting shall mean NovaBays special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of (i) approving the Dissolution pursuant to the Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution of NovaBay, which, if approved, will authorize NovaBay to liquidate and dissolve in accordance with the Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution, and pursuant to the discretion of the Board of Directors of NovaBay to proceed with the Dissolution of NovaBay and (ii) granting discretionary authority to NovaBays Board of Directors to adjourn the special meeting of stockholders from time to time to establish a quorum or, even if a quorum is present, to permit further solicitation of proxies if there are not sufficient votes cast at the time of the special meeting of stockholders to approve the Dissolution.

g. 

Encumbrance means any lien (statutory or otherwise), encumbrance, security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, equitable interest, option, right of first offer or refusal or similar encumbrance of any kind, whether absolute or contingent, whether relating to any property or right, or income or profits therefrom or exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

3.Warrant Exercise. No later than three (3) business days following the execution of this Agreement, and prior to the Warrant Purchase provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, District 2 shall take the necessary action to exercise either the Series F-1 Warrant or the Series F-3 Warrant (the Warrant Exercise) at the current exercise price of $0.66 per share for an aggregate number of shares equal to 2.49% of outstanding Common Stock or 131,946 shares of Common Stock (the Exercised Shares). The Exercised Shares issued to District 2 upon payment of the exercise price to NovaBay shall be registered shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 333-280423. NovaBay represents to District 2 that as of March 7, 2025, there are 5,288,420 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

4.Warrant Purchase. District 2 hereby irrevocably grants, conveys, sells, transfers, and assigns to NovaBay all right, title, and interest in and to the remaining exercisable Warrants, following the Warrant Exercise, for an aggregate of 504,416 shares of Common Stock (the remaining amount after the exercise and issuance of the Exercised Shares of 131,946 shares of Common Stock) free and clear of all Encumbrances in exchange for a one-time cash payment of US $344,924.04 (the Warrant Purchase). Upon the aggregate exercise price being received by NovaBay for the Exercised Shares and evidence and confirmation of the ownership by District 2 of the Exercised Shares, NovaBay will on the next business day make the one-time payment for the Warrant Purchase to District 2 via wire transfer to the account designed by District 2 that is set forth on Schedule 1 to this Agreement. District 2 shall cooperate with NovaBay to cause the Warrant Purchase to be effective, including coordination with NovaBays transfer agent for ownership of the Warrants to be transferred to NovaBay.

2

5.Confirmation of Warrant Cancellation. Upon payment by NovaBay to District 2 of the Warrant Purchase as provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, District 2 agrees that the Warrants are irrevocably cancelled, and that District 2 has no further rights under the Warrants and that NovaBay has no further obligations to District 2 thereunder.

6.Ownership. District 2, together with its affiliates, represents that it was the sole record and beneficial owner of the Warrants, free and clear of any Encumbrances or restriction on transfer prior to the execution of this Agreement and through the completion of the Warrant Purchase. District 2 has owned all of the Warrants since they were originally issued by NovaBay and has not and will not exercise the Warrants prior to completion of the Warrant Purchase, except for the Exercised Shares as contemplated by Section 3 of this Agreement. District 2 represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates owns any shares of Common Stock, Common Stock purchase warrants (other than the Warrants) or any other Common Stock Equivalents of NovaBay as of the date hereof. District 2 agrees that, other than the Exercised Shares to be acquired upon exercise of the Warrants, neither District 2, nor any of its affiliates, shall purchase, acquire or otherwise own, directly or indirectly, any other Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other securities of NovaBay at any time after the date hereof. The execution, delivery, and performance by District 2 of this Agreement and the consummation by District 2 of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrances on the Warrants or violate or conflict in any way with any contract, law, order, judgment or other restriction applicable to District 2.

7.Leak Out. District 2 agrees that it shall remain the record and beneficial owner of all of the Exercised Shares from the date of issuance to District 2 until the day after the Record Date. Beginning on the first Trading Day after the Record Date and ending at 11:59 p.m. on the date the Special Meeting is convened, currently anticipated to be April 16, 2025 (such period, the Restricted Period), neither District 2, nor any affiliate of District 2, shall sell, dispose or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, any sales, short sales, swaps or any derivative transactions that would be equivalent to any sales or short positions), on any Trading Day during the Restricted Period (any such date, a Date of Determination), shares of Common Stock when measured at any given point during the applicable Date of Determination, 10%of the cumulative trading volume of the Common Stock for such date (which cumulative trading volume shall include pre-market, market and post-market trading volume for such date) as reported by Bloomberg, LP (the Leak-Out Percentage), provided that, for purposes of clarity, the Leak-Out Percentage of the cumulative trading volume of the Common Stock on the applicable Date of Determination applies at each moment during such Date of Determination.

3

8.Voting Commitment. District 2 agrees that it will (a) vote, or cause to be voted, all shares of Common Stock that it owns of record and beneficially, including the Exercised Shares (collectively, the Owned Shares), at the Special Meeting in favor of all proposals that are presented to stockholders by NovaBay at the Special Meeting and (b) not revoke or change all or any part of the shares voted at the Special Meeting at any time. District 2 will vote, or cause to be voted, the Owned Shares by proxy as soon as practicable after the definitive proxy statement for the Special Meeting (the Definitive Proxy Statement) has been filed by NovaBay with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which shall be not later than 10 days after the date of the filing of the Definitive Proxy Statement with the SEC. NovaBay shall provide written notice to District 2 of the filing of the Definitive Proxy Statement. 

9.Liquidated Damages. In the event that District 2 does not comply with its commitment to vote all of the Owned Shares in favor of all of the proposals presented to stockholders at the Special Meeting as provided in Section 8 of this Agreement, then District 2 shall make a one-time payment to NovaBay as liquidated damages in the amount of $150,000.00 (the Liquidated Damages) within two (2) Trading Days after the date of the Special Meeting (the Liquidated Damages Payment Date). If District 2 fails to promptly pay the Liquidated Damages in full that are due to NovaBay, and, in order to obtain such payment, NovaBay or its designee commences a suit that results in a judgment against District 2 for all or a portion of the Liquidated Damages, District 2 shall pay to NovaBay interest on the amount of the Liquidated Damages from the Liquidated Damages Payment Date until the date such payment is received by NovaBay or its successor or assignee at a rate equal to five percent (5%) over the Federal Reserve discount rate including any surcharge as of the time from which interest is due in accordance with 6 Delaware Code 2301, plus NovaBays reasonable attorneys fees for obtaining that judgment.

The Parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 9 are an integral part of the settlement contemplated by this Agreement, that the damages resulting from the circumstances where the Liquidated Damages are payable are uncertain and incapable of accurate calculation and that the amounts payable pursuant to this Section 9 reasonably provide a fair and adequate measure of the actual damages that may be incurred and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty, and that, without these agreements in this Section 9, NovaBay would not have entered into this Agreement.

10.Standstill.District 2 shall not initiate any claims, either directly or indirectly, or participate in any proceedings, in any capacity, whether as a current or former holder of the Warrants or a future, current or former holder of Common Stock, against, or involving, NovaBay, for any reason whatsoever. Included in this promise, District 2 agrees not to oppose or initiate any claim or action against NovaBay relating to the Dissolution, either directly or indirectly, except that if District 2 holds any of the Exercised Shares during the Dissolution, then District 2 may exercise its right to receive a distribution in the Dissolution in an amount per share of Common Stock that NovaBay determined will also be provided to all other holders of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this provision shall not apply to District 2s ability to invoke any rights or claims under the Convertible Note, dated March 22, 2024, made by NovaBay in favor of District 2 in the principal amount of $87,500 (the Convertible Note).

4

11.Cooperation.Following the execution of this Agreement, NovaBay and District 2 shall cooperate and use all commercially reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken all necessary or appropriate actions and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or appropriate to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated hereby, including the execution of the Warrant Exercise, the Warrant Purchase, the issuance and voting of the Warrant Shares, and all such other actions as a Party may reasonably be requested to take by the other Party from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in order to effectuate the provisions and purposes of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement. On the date of this Agreement and again just prior to the Warrant Purchase, District 2 shall provide NovaBay with evidence of its total Warrant ownership, which shall include a screenshot and/or account statement reasonably satisfactory to NovaBay.

12.Most Favored Nation. Following the execution of this Agreement, in the event that NovaBay purchases NovaBay Common Stock purchase warrants held by another NovaBay warrant holder at a higher price per underlying share of Common Stock than afforded to District 2 in the Warrant Purchase under this Agreement, then NovaBay shall promptly pay District 2 the difference per warrant purchased. This payment to District 2 will be limited to the number of NovaBay Common Stock purchase warrants purchased by NovaBay from the other warrant holder at the higher per underlying share of Common Stock. For the purpose of this Section 12, the price per underlying share of Common Stock afforded to District 2 in the Warrant Purchase shall be determined based upon the cash payment amount in Section 4 divided by a total of 504,416 shares of Common Stock, representing the total number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants originally tendered by District 2 less the aggregate number of the Exercised Shares pursuant to Section 3.

13.Release by NovaBay. In consideration for the promises contained herein, NovaBay, for and on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges District 2 and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, causes of action, claims, demands, actions, charges, obligations, damages, costs, losses, rights and/or judgments, of any kind, nature or description whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising from the beginning of time until the date of this Agreement (the NovaBay Released Claims); provided, however, that this release shall not apply to any actions or proceedings to enforce this Agreement or for breach of this Agreement. NovaBay represents and warrants that it has not sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to any other party any claim or potential claim against District 2.

NovaBay hereby expressly and knowingly waives and relinquishes any and all rights that it has or might have relating to the NovaBay Released Claims under California Civil Code 1542 (and under other statutes or common law principles of similar effect) which reads as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

5

NovaBay acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from, or in addition to, those which it now believes to be true with respect to the NovaBay Released Claims above. NovaBay agrees that the foregoing release and waiver shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different or additional facts or discovery thereof, and that this Agreement contemplates the extinguishment of all such NovaBay Released Claims. By executing this Agreement, NovaBay acknowledges the following: (a) it is represented by counsel and (b) it fully understands the provisions of California Civil Code 1542 and (c) it fully understands the consequences of the above.

14.Release by District 2. In consideration for the promises contained herein, District 2, for and on behalf of itself and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges NovaBay and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, causes of action, claims, demands, actions, charges, obligations, damages, costs, losses, rights and/or judgments, of any kind, nature or description, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising from the beginning of time until the date of this Agreement (the District 2 Released Claims); provided, however, that this release shall not apply to any actions or proceedings to enforce this Agreement or for breach of this Agreement. District 2 represents and warrants that it has not sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to any other party any claim or potential claim against NovaBay.

District 2 hereby expressly and knowingly waives and relinquishes any and all rights that it has or might have relating to the District 2 Released Claims under California Civil Code 1542 (and under other statutes or common law principles of similar effect) which reads as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

District 2 acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from, or in addition to, those which it now believes to be true with respect to the District 2 Released Claims above. District 2 agrees that the foregoing release and waiver shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different or additional facts or discovery thereof, and that this Agreement contemplates the extinguishment of all such District 2 Released Claims. By executing this Agreement, District 2 acknowledges the following: (a) it is represented by counsel; (b) it has read and fully understands the provisions of California Civil Code 1542; and (c) it fully understands the consequences of the above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this provision shall not apply to District 2s ability to invoke any rights or claims under the Convertible Note.

15.No Admission of Liability. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and that this Agreement and the actions taken pursuant to this Agreement do not constitute an acknowledgement or admission by either Party of (a) any wrongdoing or any liability, and each Party expressly denies any wrongdoing or any liability or (b) any interpretation of the terms of the Warrants.

6

16.Confidentiality. The Parties agree to keep the facts and terms of this Agreement strictly confidential and shall not disclose them to any third-party, except (a) as may be required by an order of court or other quasi-judicial or regulatory body with the legal right and power to compel such information, (b) to a Partys legal, tax, and/or financial advisors, who are under confidentiality obligations, (c) to any appropriate regulatory or tax authorities, and (d) as otherwise required by law, including but not limited to applicable federal securities laws as part of NovaBays Definitive Proxy Statement and/or its reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

17.Responsibility for Costs and Taxes. Each Party shall bear its own respective fees and costs in connection with this settlement and Agreement, including without limitation, their respective attorneys fees. No Party shall be liable to the other Party for any taxes that may be deemed due and owing to any authority by reason of this Agreement. No representations regarding the tax consequences of this Agreement have been made by or to any Party by the other Party.

18.Full Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that no promise or agreement not herein expressed has been made to them and that this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties hereto. This Agreement may not be modified or amended, except by a writing signed by both Parties. This Agreement is and will be binding upon the Parties and upon, as applicable, their successors and permitted assigns.No assignment of all or any part of this Agreement or any right or obligation under this Agreement may be made by either Party without the prior written consent of the other non-assigning Party.

19. Enforceability. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared or determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or void, such declaration or determination shall not affect the remaining terms of this Agreement, which shall be fully legal, valid, and enforceable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

20.No Waiver. The failure of any Party to insist upon compliance with any of the provisions of this Agreement or the waiver thereof, in any instance, shall not be construed as a general waiver or relinquishment by such Party or any other provision of this Agreement.

21.Authority to Execute. The persons signing this Agreement specifically warrant and represent that they have full power and authority to execute this Agreement, have carefully read and understand the terms of this Agreement and are entering into it voluntarily, and further represent that they have not transferred, assigned or otherwise conveyed in any manner or form, any of the rights, obligations, or claims that are the subject matter of this Agreement. The Parties further represent and acknowledge that in executing this Agreement, they have not relied upon any representations or statements not set forth herein made by any Party or the Partys agents, representatives, or attorneys with regard to the subject matter of this Agreement.

7

22. Notices. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be delivered by hand, by nationally recognized private courier, by United States mail or by email. Notices delivered by mail shall be treated as given two (2) business days after being deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail. Notices delivered by hand, by nationally recognized private carrier or by email shall be treated as given on the date of receipt; except that a notice delivered by email shall only be effective if such notice is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 22 prior to 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on any date. Any notice to be given or delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be ineffective unless given or delivered in writing as follows: (a) if to District 2 , addressed to Eric Schlanger; [Redacted.] with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, Attention: Kenneth A. Schlesinger, Email: [Redacted.], and (b) if to NovaBay, addressed to NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 2000 Powell Street, Suite 1150, Emeryville, CA 94608, Email: [Redacted.], Attention: Justin M. Hall with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP, 2550 M Street, NW, Washington, DC 20037, Email: [Redacted.], Attention: Abby E. Brown, Esq.; or (c) to such other respective addresses or addressees as may be designated by notice in writing by a Party to the other in writing after the date hereof. 

23.Counterparts. This Agreement shall become effective immediately following execution by each of the Parties. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, in which case, upon delivery, each such counterpart shall be sufficient as against the Party or Parties executing it, and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. A facsimile, DocuSign, or PDF/e-mail signature of a Party to the Agreement shall have the same force and effect as an original signature.

24.Governing Law. Section 5(e) of the Series F-1 Warrant is incorporated by reference.

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been approved and executed by the Parties as of the date first above written.

NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Justin M. Hall

Name: 

Justin M. Hall

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel

District 2 Capital Fund LP

By: 

/s/ Eric J. Schlanger

Name: 

Eric J. Schlanger

Title: 

Co-Founder

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nby-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nby-20250305_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nby-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nby-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 05, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-33678

Entity, Tax Identification Number 68-0454536

Entity, Address, Address Line One 2000 Powell Street, Suite 1150

Entity, Address, City or Town Emeryville

Entity, Address, State or Province CA

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 94608

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 899-8800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol NBY

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001389545

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.nby.com/20250305/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nby-20250305.xsd 
nby-20250305_def.xml 
nby-20250305_lab.xml 
nby-20250305_pre.xml 
nby20250310_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-007045-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>nby20250310_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001389545 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

false 
0001389545 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
001-33678 
68-0454536 
2000 Powell Street, Suite 1150 
Emeryville 
CA 
94608 
510 
899-8800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
NBY 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>