<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-002364.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-002364.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106211328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-002364
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Senior Credit Investments, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001959568
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01685
		FILM NUMBER:		25513267

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-708-2748

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d903155d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000195956800019595682024-12-312024-12-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 31, 2024

Senior Credit Investments, LLC

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 814-01685 92-1313185

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

520 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor 

New York, New York 10022

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212)284-3474

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On December 31, 2024, SCI BDC SPV I LLC (the SPV), a direct, wholly owned, consolidated subsidiary of Senior Credit Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), entered into that certain amendment no. 2 to the loan and security agreement (the Amendment), which amends the loan and security agreement, dated as of December 7, 2023 (as amended by the amendment no. 1 to the loan and security agreement dated as of September 20, 2024 and the Amendment, the Credit Agreement), among the SPV, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, the Company, as the portfolio manager, the lenders from time to time parties thereto (the Lenders), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral administrator, the collateral agent and securities intermediary. The Amendment provides for, among other things, (a) an increase in the maximum facility amount under the Credit Agreement to $300.0 million on the effective date of the Amendment, (b) an extension of the reinvestment period under the Credit Agreement to December 7, 2028, (c) an extension of the scheduled termination date under the Credit Agreement to December 7, 2029, (d) a scheduled increase in the maximum facility amount under the Credit Agreement to $400.0 million on June 7, 2025 and (e) a decrease in the applicable margin for advances under the Credit Agreement to 2.15% for Advances with an interest rate based on the Term SOFR Rate and 1.15% for Advances with an interest rate based on the Base Rate. 

The foregoing description is only a summary of the material provisions of the Amendment and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number 

Description of the Exhibits

10.1 Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 31, 2024, to the Loan and Security Agreement among SCI BDC SPV I LLC, Senior Credit Investments, LLC, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SENIOR CREDIT INVESTMENTS, LLC

Date: January 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ John Dalton

Name: John Dalton

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d903155dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 

LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Second Amendment) dated as of December 31, 2024 to the Loan and
Security Agreement dated as of December 7, 2023 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2024, between the Company, Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders party thereto, the Loan and Security Agreement), among SCI BDC SPV I LLC, as borrower (the Company); Senior Credit Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the portfolio manager (the
Portfolio Manager and collectively with the Company, the Jefferies Parties); the Lenders party thereto; The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent (in
such capacity, the Collateral Agent), as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator) and securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary);
and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders thereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent). 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.05 of the Loan and Security Agreement, the Company has requested to make certain amendments to the Loan
and Security Agreement, and the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Loan and Security Agreement as set forth below. 

Accordingly, in
consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to
them in the Loan and Security Agreement as amended by this Second Amendment. 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTS TO THE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Section 2.01 Amendments to Loan and Security Agreement. Each of the parties hereto agrees that, effective on the Second
Amendment Effective Date, the Loan and Security Agreement (excluding the Exhibits and Schedules thereto) shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the pages
of the Loan and Security Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 3.01 Representations and Warranties. To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Second Amendment, the
Jefferies Parties represent and warrant to each other party hereto solely with respect to itself that on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, the following statements are true and correct: 

(a) it is duly organized or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Second Amendment and to consummate the transactions herein contemplated; 

(b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Second Amendment, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein have been
duly authorized by it and this Second Amendment constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (B) equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (C) implied covenants of
good faith and fair dealing); 

(c) the representations and warranties contained in Section 6.01 of the Loan and Security Agreement or
any other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, are true and correct) in each case on and as of the Second Amendment
Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by
their terms contain materiality qualifiers, are true and correct) as of such earlier date; and 

(d) no Default or Event of Default has
occurred immediately before or immediately after giving effect to this Second Amendment. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS 

Section 4.01 Second Amendment Effective Date. This Second Amendment shall become effective as of the first date (the
Second Amendment Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 

(a)
Execution and Delivery of this Second Amendment. The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart signature page of this Second Amendment duly executed by each of the Company, Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the Lenders. 

(b) Payment of Fees and Expenses of
Counsel. The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent as set forth in Section 10.04 of the Loan and Security Agreement to the extent
invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

(c) Payment of Extension Fee. In
consideration for this Second Amendment, the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Company payment of fees in amounts and at times set forth in that fee letter dated on or about the date hereof by and among the Administrative Agent and
the Company. Once paid, such fees or any part thereof shall not be refundable under any circumstances, except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Administrative Agent and the Company. 

(d) Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received reasonably satisfactory written opinions of counsel for the
Company covering such matters relating to this Second Amendment as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in writing. 

2 

(e) Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received such
certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of officers or directors or other documents of the Company as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require in connection with this Second Amendment and
such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, and which certificates shall include a certification from an
officer of the Company as to the matters set forth in clauses (f), (g) and (h). 

(f) Borrowing Base Test. The Borrowing
Base Test is satisfied on and as of the date of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

(g) No Market Value Event; No Default or Event
of Default. No Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

(h) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties contained in Article III above shall be true and
correct. 

Section 4.02 Effects of this Second Amendment.

(a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Second Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or
otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Agents under the existing Loan and Security Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations,
covenants or agreements contained in the existing Loan and Security Agreement or any other provision of the existing Loan and Security Agreement or of any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue
in full force and effect. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing herein shall be deemed to be a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Loan and
Security Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. 

(b) From and after the Second Amendment Effective
Date, each reference in the Loan and Security Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference to the Loan and Security Agreement in any other Loan
Document shall be deemed a reference to the Loan and Security Agreement as amended hereby. This Second Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Loan and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

ARTICLE V 

REAFFIRMATION
AND INTEREST RATE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 

Section 5.01 Reaffirmation. Notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Second
Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, each Jefferies Party and Jefferies Credit Partners BDC Inc. (in its capacity as parent of the Company) acknowledges and agrees that each Loan Document is hereby confirmed and ratified and shall
remain in full force and effect according to its respective terms (in the case of the Loan and Security Agreement, as amended hereby). 

3 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.01 Governing Law. SECTION 10.07 OF THE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT SHALL APPLY TO THIS SECOND AMENDMENT
MUTATIS MUTANDIS AS IF FULLY SET FORTH HEREIN; PROVIDED THAT EACH REFERENCE TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE REPLACED WITH THIS SECOND AMENDMENT. 

Section 6.02 Costs and Expenses. The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its invoiced reasonable
costs and expenses in connection with this Second Amendment to the extent required pursuant to Section 10.04 of the Loan and Security Agreement. 

Section 6.03 Counterparts; Effectiveness. Section 10.10 of the loan and security agreement shall apply to this Second
Amendment mutatis mutandis as if fully set forth herein; provided that each reference to this Agreement shall be replaced with this Second Amendment. 

Section 6.04 Headings. Section headings herein are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not
constitute a part hereof for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 

Section 6.05 Direction. The parties
hereto hereby direct the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator to execute this Second Amendment to be duly executed and delivered. and acknowledge and agree that the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and Collateral Administrator will be fully protected in relying upon the foregoing direction. In entering into this Second Amendment and the performance of duties hereunder, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and Collateral
Administrator shall be entitled to all of their rights, benefits, protections, immunities set forth in the Loan Documents. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Second Amendment to be duly executed
and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 

[The remainder of this page
intentionally left blank] 

5 

SCI BDC SPV I LLC

By 

/s/ Jason Kennedy

Name: Jason Kennedy

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

SENIOR CREDIT INVESTMENTS, LLC

By 

/s/ Jason Kennedy

Name: Jason Kennedy

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2]

Administrative Agent and the Lender

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent and Lender

By 

/s/ James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2]

Exhibit A 

[Amendments to Loan and Security Agreement attached] 

[Exhibit A]

Execution
Version (Conformed through Amendment No. 2)

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

December 7,
2023 

among 

SCI BDC SPV I
LLC, 

as the Company 

The
Lenders Party Hereto 

The Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrative Agent 

and 

SENIOR CREDIT INVESTMENTS, LLC, 

as the Portfolio Manager 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments 35 

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances 35 

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases 36 

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments 37 

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments 39 

SECTION 1.06. Valuation of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments 39 

SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 39 

ARTICLE II 

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01. Financing Commitments 39 

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved] 39 

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds 40 

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date 41 

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances 43 

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option. 43 

SECTION 2.07. Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase 44 

SECTION 2.08. Duration Extension Option 45 

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances 46 

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved] 51 

SECTION 3.03. Taxes 52 

ARTICLE IV 

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION 4.01. Interest Proceeds 55 

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds 55 

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Fees 56 

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account 58 

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments 58 

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally 59 

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 60 

ARTICLE V 

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 

SECTION 5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager 60 

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. 61 

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification 61 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties 62 

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager 65 

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. 73 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control 75 

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 78 

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 81 

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator 85 

SECTION 9.04. Notices 90 

SECTION 9.05. Certain ERISA Matters 91 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 92 

SECTION 10.02. Notices 93 

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 94 

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 94 

SECTION 10.05. Amendments 95 

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments 96 

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 97 

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 98 

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 98 

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts; Severability 98 

SECTION 10.11. Headings. 99 

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 99 

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality 99 

Schedules 

Schedule 1 Transaction Schedule

Schedule 2 Contents of Notice of Acquisition

Schedule 3 Eligibility Criteria

Schedule 4 Concentration Limitations

Schedule 5 Initial Portfolio Investments

Schedule 6 Moodys Industry Classifications

Schedule 7 Specified Delayed Funding Term Loans

Schedule 8 Partial PIK Portfolio Investment Notice Form

Exhibits 

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

Exhibit B Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit C Form of Equity Commitment Letter

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of December 7, 2023 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2024 and as
further amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement) among SCI BDC SPV I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company as borrower (the
Company); Senior Credit Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the portfolio manager (in such capacity, the Portfolio Manager); the Lenders party hereto; THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator) and as securities
intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary); and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

The Company wishes to acquire and finance certain corporate loans (the Portfolio Investments), all on and
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Furthermore, the Company intends to enter into a Sale and Contribution Agreement
(as amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time, the Sale Agreement), dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company and Parent (as defined below), pursuant to which the Company shall from time
to time acquire Portfolio Investments from the Parent. 

On and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
National Association (JPMCB), each other lender party hereto from time to time and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns (collectively, the Lenders) have agreed to make advances to the
Company (Advances) hereunder to the extent specified on the transaction schedule attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Transaction Schedule). 

Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Certain Defined Terms 

Account Control Agreements means, (a) for each Collateral Account that is a deposit account, a deposit account control
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) for each Collateral Account that is a securities account, a securities account control agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, in each case executed by (i) the Company, (ii) the Collateral Agent and (iii) the financial institution maintaining such Collateral Account; provided that, in the case of any Collateral Account (including
any subaccounts of such Collateral Account) established with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association in its capacity as Securities Intermediary on the date hereof, the provisions of Article VIII of this Agreement shall be
deemed to be the Account Control Agreement with respect to such Collateral Accounts, and no additional Account Control Agreement shall be required to evidence the control of the Collateral Agent over such Collateral Accounts. 

Additional Distribution Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05. 

Additional Portfolio Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 1.01. 

Adjusted Applicable Margin means the stated Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule plus
2% per annum. 

Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

1 

Advances has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this
Agreement. 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise),
governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of the Company) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active or, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers
knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company or the Portfolio Manager or their respective property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with, such former Person but, which shall not, with respect to the Company, include the obligors under any Portfolio Investment. For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (i) to
vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 

Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Agent Business Day means any day on which commercial banks settle payments in each of New York City and the city in which
the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located (which shall initially be Houston, Texas). 

Agreement has
the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section
6.03. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company
from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Law means, for any Person, all existing
and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person
and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 

AR has the meaning set forth in the definition of Borrowing Base Test. 

ARR Portfolio Investment means any Portfolio Investment that is underwritten on multiples of annual recurring revenue of
the Portfolio Investment Obligor, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

Applicable Margin
means as of any date, the applicable margin for Advances, as set forth on the Transaction Schedule for such date. 

AUD
and A$ denote the lawful currency of The Commonwealth of Australia. 

2 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect
to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for
determining the length of an interest period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor
for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Calculation Period pursuant to clause (v) of Section 3.01(h). 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect
of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA
Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is
described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom
relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bank has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a). 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect,
or any successor statute. 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a
voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its
business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any
order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental
Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets
or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such
day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Calculation Period as published
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be
based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate
methodology); provided that any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the
Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, respectively, in each case as determined by the Administrative Agent. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.01(h) (for the avoidance of doubt,
only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 3.01(h)), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. In the
event that the Base Rate is below 1.00% at any time during the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be 1.00% until it exceeds 1.00% again. 

3 

Base Rate Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined
by reference to the Base Rate. 

Benchmark means, initially, Term SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior
benchmark rate pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) of Section 3.01(h). 

Benchmark Replacement
means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body
and (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities at such time and (b) the related
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less
than 0% per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0% per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Calculation Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any
evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Daily Simple
SOFR, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Calculation Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of Request for Advances or
prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, 

4 

and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the
adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the
Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Company, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect
to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition
Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administration of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof)
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the
case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor
for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such
clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than,
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have
occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of
one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of
information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof);

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction
over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over

5 

the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor
for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer
be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to
any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time
that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan
Document in accordance with Section 3.01(h) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with
Section 3.01(h). 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership
as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Borrowing Base Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the following is true: 

Where: 

AR = as of the applicable date of determination, (a) prior to the occurrence of the Concentration Limitations Election, 62.50% and
(b) on or after the date of the Concentration Limitations Election, 60%.

Business Day means any day (other
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located (which shall initially be Houston, Texas); provided that, in
addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be, in relation to Term Benchmark Advances and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Term Benchmark Advances or any other dealings of such Term
Benchmark Advances, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

CAD and C$
denote the lawful currency of Canada. 

6 

Calculation Period means, with respect to any Advance, the quarterly
period from and including the date on which such Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Calculation Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation Period Start
Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period, if the last Calculation Period does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period
from and including the related Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date). 

Calculation Period Start
Date means the first calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day); provided that the initial Calculation Period Start Date shall be the
Effective Date. 

Capital Call means a call upon all or any Investors for payment of all or any portion of their
Unfunded Capital Commitments. 

Capital Call Confirmation Package means delivery of the following documents, agreements
and notices: 

(i) a fully executed equity commitment letter, substantially in the form of Exhibit C, evidencing the commitment of the
Parent to contribute cash (or any other assets agreed to by the Administrative Agent) to the Company no later than the date fifteen (15) Business Days following the date on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice (which may be by email)
from the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event; 

(ii) a written notice from the Parent containing
representations and covenants by the Parent that (1) it has called capital from its shareholders in the aggregate amount specified therein (which shall be the amount committed pursuant to the related equity commitment letter), to be funded no
later than the fifteenth (15th) Business Day following the date on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice (which may be by email) from the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event; (2) the Parent will, as
soon as practicable thereafter but no later than the conclusion of the applicable Extended Cure Period, fund directly into the MV Cure Account the amount of such capital contribution and (3) such capital calls have been made in compliance with
the Parents organizational documents (including that each such member has unused capital commitments at least equal to the amount of capital called from such member, which are available for the purpose contemplated hereby); and
(B) containing covenants by the Parent (i) not to rescind or modify such capital calls, (ii) not to permit any lien on such capital calls or the proceeds thereof, other than pursuant to any capital call facility of the Parent,
(iii) not to use the proceeds of such capital calls for any purpose other than being deposited into the MV Cure Account in accordance herewith, (iv) to pay the proceeds of such capital calls received by it to the Administrative Agent
following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under clauses (d) or (e) of Article VII hereof and (v) to immediately inform the Administrative Agent if the Parent has received notice or has any other reason
to believe that the relevant capital commitments will not be timely satisfied and (C) attaching a copy of a representative capital call notice issued to a shareholder and containing the aggregate amount of capital called from any such
shareholders; and 

(iii) a copy of the most recent financial statements for the Parent, together with a representation from the Parent
that such financial statements fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition (as of the date thereof) of the Parent. 

Capital Call Shortfall has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value Cure Period. 

7 

Capital Commitment means the capital commitment of the Investors to the
Parent, in each case, in the amount set forth in the Parents constituent documents or the applicable Subscription Agreement (or similar term however defined in the Parents constituent documents). 

Cash Equivalents means, any of the following: (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and
unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal by the United States government or (b) issued by any agency of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case
maturing within one year after such date; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one year
after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) commercial paper maturing no more than three months from the date of
creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iv) certificates of deposit, bank deposit products or bankers
acceptances maturing within three months after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that (a) is at
least adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary Federal banking regulator) and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than $1,000,000,000; (v) shares of any money market
mutual fund that (a) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than $5,000,000,000, and (c) has the
highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moodys; and (vi) such other similar instruments to the extent Permitted Non-USD Currencies are invested therein; provided that Cash Equivalents may include investments for which The
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association or an Affiliate acts as offeror or provides services and receives compensation therefor. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or
taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or
issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity and capital adequacy issued by any
United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or (ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for
International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) shall be deemed to have occurred after the date of this Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless
of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

Change of Control means an event or series of events by which
(A) Jefferies Credit Management LLC, or an Affiliate thereof shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Parent, (B) Jefferies Credit Management LLC ceases to be an Affiliate of Jefferies Finance LLC, (C) the Parent or its
Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority of the votes of the board of
managers (or similar governing body) of the Company or to direct the management policies and decisions of the Company or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests of the
Company, or (D) the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Company. 

Charges has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

8 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration
Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Collateral Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a). 

Collateral Administrator has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Collateral Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Collateral Principal Amount means, on any date of determination, (A) the aggregate principal balance of the Portfolio,
limited to, in the case of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the funded principal balance thereof, as of such date plus (B) the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including cash and Eligible Investments)
as of such date plus (C) the amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds as of such date minus (D) the aggregate principal balance of all Ineligible
Investments as of such date. 

Collection Account means the collections account(s) established by the Bank or the
Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

Commitment Fee Rate means
(a) prior to a Permitted Securitization, (i) for the
period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the date that is twelve (12) months after the Effective Date, 0.50% per annum, (ii) for the period beginning on the date that is twelve (12) months and one (1) day after
the Effective Date and ending on the date that is eighteen (18) months day after the Effective Date, 0.65% per annum, and (iii) at any other time, 0.75% per annum. and (b) on and after
a Permitted Securitization, (i) for the period beginning on the date of such Permitted Securitization
and ending on the date that is six (6) months after the date of such Permitted Securitization, 0.50% per annum, and (ii) at any other time, 0.65% per
annum.

Company has the meaning set forth in the
introductory section of this Agreement. 

Competitor means any credit fund, debt fund, business development company or
other Person in the business of asset management that is sponsored by or affiliated with a credit fund, a debt fund or a business development company; any Affiliate of any of the foregoing; or any Person whose primary business is the management of
credit funds, debt funds or business development companies, excluding any commercial bank, investment bank, broker-dealer or insurance company (including any commercial bank or investment bank, broker-dealer or insurance company that sponsors or
invests in any credit fund, debt fund, business development company or other Person in the business of asset management). 

Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(p)(ii). 

9 

Concentration Limitation Excess means, on any date of determination,
without duplication, all or the portion of the principal amount of any Portfolio Investment (other than any Ineligible Investment) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the Portfolio Manager shall select in
its sole discretion which Portfolio Investment(s) constitute part of the Concentration Limitation Excess; provided further that with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the Portfolio Manager shall select any term
Portfolio Investment from the same Portfolio Investment Obligor and/or any funded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan before selecting any unfunded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan; provided
further that if the Portfolio Manager does not so select any Portfolio Investment(s), the applicable portion of the Portfolio Investment(s) determined by the Administrative Agent shall make up the Concentration Limitation Excess. 

Concentration Limitations has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4. 

Concentration Limitations Election has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to any Available Tenor, as
applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Credit Risk Party has the meaning set forth in Article VII. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such
day SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate
Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website.
Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Company. 

Daily Simple SOFR Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Daily Simple SOFR
Rate. 

Debt Securities means obligations (other than Loans) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar
instruments. 

Default has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be
funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Advances or (ii) pay over to the Company any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in
writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the
Company in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on
such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding an Advance under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in
which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Company, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with
its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Advances under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Companys
receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 

10 

Delayed Funding Term Loan means any Loan that (a) requires the
holder thereof to make one or more future advances to the Portfolio Investment Obligor under the underlying instruments relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed dates and
(c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereunder; but, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Loan will be a Delayed Funding Term Loan only until all commitments by the holders
thereof to make such future advances to the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereon expire or are terminated or reduced to zero. 

Deliver (and its correlative forms) means the taking of the following steps by the Company or the Portfolio Manager: 

(1) except as provided in clauses (3) or (4) below, in the case of Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments and
amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts, by (x) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate by book entry that a financial asset comprised thereof has been credited to the applicable Collateral Account and (y) causing the
Securities Intermediary to agree, pursuant to this Agreement or an Account Control Agreement, if applicable, that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such security entitlement without
further consent by the Company; 

(2) [reserved]; 

(3) in the case of Portfolio Investments consisting of instruments (the Possessory Collateral) that do not
constitute a financial asset forming the basis of a security entitlement delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (1) above, by causing (x) the Collateral Agent to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in the State of
New York or another State of the United States that has adopted Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (the State of New York and any such other State a UCC State, or (y) a Person other than the Company and a securities
intermediary (A)(I) to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in a UCC State, and (II) to then authenticate a record acknowledging that it holds possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent or (B)(I) to
authenticate a record acknowledging that it will take possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and (II) to then acquire possession of such Possessory Collateral in a UCC State; 

(4) in the case of money, by causing such money to be deposited in the related Collateral Account that is a deposit account,
and, in the case of any account which constitutes a deposit account under Article 9 of the UCC, by causing the Bank to continuously identify on its books and records the security interest of the Collateral Agent in such account and,
except as may be expressly provided herein to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or an Account Control Agreement, if applicable; 

(5) in the case of any Portfolio Investments consisting of Uncertificated Securities (other than any Uncertificated Securities
credited to a securities account subject to an Account Control Agreement), by causing the issuer of such Uncertificated Security to either (at the option of the Company) (i) register the Collateral Agent as the registered owner thereof on the
books and records of such issuer or (ii) execute an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such issuer agrees to comply with the Collateral Agents instructions with respect
to such Uncertificated Security without further consent by the Company; 

11 

(6) in the case of any Portfolio Investments that are held in certificated
form, by crediting to a Collateral Account or delivering to the Collateral Agent, as applicable, certificates representing the relevant Collateral with respect to such Portfolio Investments; 

(7) in the case of any Loan, by delivering or causing a third party to deliver to the Collateral Agent a facsimile or photocopy
of a fully executed assignment agreement evidencing the acquisition by the Company of the Loan or a confirmation or certification from or on behalf of the Company to the effect that it has acquired such Loan and/or has received or will receive, and
will deliver to the Collateral Agent, appropriate Underlying Definitive Documents constituting, evidencing or representing such Loan with an instruction to identify such Loan in its internal books and records without any position code. The
Securities Intermediary shall identify such Loan in its internal books and records without associating it with a position code. The Collateral Agent shall maintain in its books and records a list of all of the Loans in accordance with this
Agreement, and shall make available to the Company and the Administrative Agent such list upon request. For avoidance of doubt, no Loans will be registered in the name of the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall have no responsibilities or
duties whatsoever with respect to any Underlying Definitive Document, except for such responsibilities as are expressly set forth herein. The Company shall instruct the administrative agent in respect of each Loan to make all payments receivable by
the Company in respect of such Loan to the Collection Account or otherwise provide for the direct payment of such payments to the Collection Account; 

(8) in all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Delaware
Secretary of State; and 

(9) in all cases by otherwise ensuring that all steps, if any, required under Applicable Law or
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) on such Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, shall have been taken, and that such Lien
shall have been perfected by filing and, to the extent applicable, possession or control. 

Notwithstanding clauses (1) and
(3) above, the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof shall be deposited in or credited to the applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency Account. 

Designated Email Notification Address means [***] or any other email address designated as the
Designated Email Notification Address by the Company; provided that the Company may designate any other email address as the Designated Email Notification Address upon at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice (or such
shorter notice agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) to the Administrative Agent and, to the extent that an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or a Market Value Event shall have occurred, shall not
designate a new email address as the Designated Email Notification Address more than once during any period that an Event of Default is continuing or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event. 

Designated Independent Dealer means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; provided that, so long as no Market Value Event
shall have occurred and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Portfolio Manager may, upon at least five (5) Business Days written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral
Agent, designate another Independent Dealer as the Designated Independent Dealer. 

12 

Duration Extension means the extension of the Scheduled Termination Date
by up to one (1) year pursuant to Section 2.08. 

Duration Extension Request means, on any date following
the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the request of the Company in writing (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for a Duration Extension. 

EBITDA means, with respect to the last four full fiscal quarters with respect to any Portfolio Investment,
(i) the meaning of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Portfolio Investment, and (ii) in any case that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or
such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, an amount, for the obligor on such Portfolio Investment and any parent that is obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment (determined on a
consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP) equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period plus (a) interest expense, (b) income taxes, (c) depreciation and amortization for such four fiscal
quarter period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period), (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill, financing fees and other capitalized costs), other non-cash
charges and organization costs, and (e) any other non-cash charges and organization costs, extraordinary losses in accordance with GAAP or IFRS, one-time, non-recurring non-cash charges and costs and expenses reducing earnings, other
extraordinary non-recurring costs and expenses for such period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period); provided that such amounts added back under this clause (e) shall not exceed 20%
of EBITDA for any four fiscal quarter period and are reasonably anticipated to result from actions taken or to be taken within 12 months after the consummation of any change resulting in such add backs; provided further that with respect to
any obligor for which four full fiscal quarters of economic data are not available, EBITDA shall be determined for such obligor based on annualizing the economic data from the reporting periods actually available as determined by the Administrative
Agent.

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04, which date was December 7, 2023. 

Effective Interest Rate has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition or (c) any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligibility Criteria means the eligibility criteria set forth in Schedule 3. 

13 

Eligible Currency means U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency.

Eligible Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01. 

Eligible Jurisdictions means the United States and any State therein. 

EUR, and Euro denote the single currency of the Participating Member States.

Equity Securities means shares of capital stock, partnership interests and limited liability company interests and
other equity interests of any kind of any Person, whether readily marketable or not. 

ERISA means the United States
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or
not incorporated) under common control or treated as a single employer with the Company or the Parent, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of
provisions relating to Section 412, 430 or 431 of the Code). 

ERISA Event means that (1) any of the Company
or the Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to or has any direct liability with respect to any Plan or (2) any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to or has any
material liability with respect to any Plan. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Article VII. 

Excess Interest Proceeds means, at any time of determination, the
excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 4.05(a) and (b) on the next Interest Payment Date, the next
Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and verified by the Administrative Agent. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under
the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in
the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Financing Commitment or Advance pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were
payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Partys failure to comply with
Section 3.03(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

14 

Extended Cure Period has the meaning set forth in the definition of
Market Value Cure Period. 

Extended Financing Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and intergovernmental agreements entered into thereunder or any similar or related
non-U.S. law that correspond to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in
connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation, rules, guidance, notes or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds
transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate;
provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Fee Letter means
(i) that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the Effective Date,
between the Company and the Administrative Agent (the Initial Fee Letter) and (ii) any other
fee letter entered into between the Company and the Administrative Agent relating to fees, expenses or other amounts payable in connection with this Agreement from time to time. 

Financing Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to provide Advances to the Company
hereunder in an amount up to but not exceeding the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on the Transaction Schedule or in the assignment and assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts
may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the provisions of Sections 2.06 and 10.06 of this Agreement. 

Financing Commitment Increase Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06. 

Financing Commitment Increase Date means any Business Day on which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) and
the increasing Lenders approve in writing (which may be by email) (with a copy to the Collateral Agent, which may also be by email) a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request. 

Financing Commitment Increase Option Request means, on any date during the Reinvestment Period, the request of the Company
in writing (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06; provided that the Company (in consultation with
the Administrative Agent and the increasing Lenders) shall determine the proposed effective date of any such increase in the Financing Commitments, which may be as early as ten (10) Business Days after delivery of a Financing Commitment
Increase Option Request (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 

15 

Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase means the increase in the
aggregate amount of the Financing Commitment by
thean amount of $200,000,000 (or such other amount agreed to by the Administrative Agent and Lenders in writing).and at such date (each such date, a Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date) as determined in accordance
with the table below:

Financing Commitment
ScheduledIncrease Date Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase

Second Amendment Effective
Date $ 100,000,000 

June 7, 2025 $ 100,000,000 

Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date has the meaning set forth in Section
2.07the definition of Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase. 

First Lien Last Out Loan means, in each case as determined by the
Administrative Agent, a Senior Secured Loan that, prior to a default with respect to such Portfolio Investment, is entitled to receive payments pari passu with other Senior Secured Loans of the same Portfolio Investment Obligor, but following
a default becomes fully subordinated, or otherwise junior in right of payment, to certain other Senior Secured Loans of the same Portfolio Investment Obligor and is not entitled to any payments until such other Senior Secured Loans are paid in full.

Foreign Currency means at any time any Currency other than U.S. Dollars. 

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the effect from time to time in the United States, as applied from
time to time by the Company. 

GBP, and sterling denote the lawful
currency of the United Kingdom. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any
other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Hague Convention has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(e). 

Increased Financing Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06. 

Indebtedness as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) all
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred
purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that is properly classified as a liability of such Person on a
balance sheet; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of others
secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt, lease obligations or similar obligations to repay money of others guaranteed by such Person or for which such Person acts as
surety and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include a
commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to purchase a future Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

16 

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of the Company under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b). 

Independent Dealer means any of the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the
Company and the Administrative Agent): Bank of America/BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, UBS, Wells Fargo and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, but in no event
including the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. 

Ineligible Investment means any Portfolio Investment
(x) that fails, at any time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided that with respect to any Portfolio Investment for which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the Eligibility
Criteria in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived criteria at any time after such waiver and such Portfolio Investment shall not be considered an Ineligible Investment by reason of its failure to
meet such waived criteria; provided further that any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved by the Administrative Agent or which becomes an Ineligible Investment pursuant to Section
1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved pursuant to Section 1.02 or (y) which becomes an Ineligible Investment
pursuant to Section 6.03 unless re-approved by the Administrative Agent, in is sole discretion. 

Information means all information received from the Company relating to the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager or
their respective business hereunder or pursuant hereto, other than any such information that is available to a Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely
provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. 

Initial Fee Letter has the meaning set forth in clause (i) of the Fee Letter definition.

Initial Financing Commitment means the Financing Commitment provided by
the Lenders to the Company on the Effective Date in the amount of $200,000,000. 

Initial Equity Commitment Letter means
that certain equity commitment letter, substantially in the form of Exhibit C, evidencing the commitment of the Parent to contribute cash to the Company no later than the date fifteen (15) Business Days following the date on which the Portfolio
Manager receives notice (which may be by email) from the Administrative Agent or the Company that a Market Value Event or an Event of Default has occurred, and which equity commitment letter shall (i) be in an amount not less than the aggregate
amount of the Companys unfunded commitments under all Specified Delayed Funding Term Loans from time to time (it being understood that such amount shall automatically reduce by an amount equal to the permanent reduction (at the time of such
reduction) of the aggregate unfunded commitments of such Specified Delayed Funding Term Loans upon the funding thereof or otherwise, and (ii) shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (x) the full and final repayment of all Secured
Obligations, and (y) the first day the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied following the last day of the Ramp-Up Period, providedno Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred,
at such time). 

17 

Initial Portfolio Investments means the Portfolio Investments listed in
Schedule 5. 

Interest Payment Date means, in respect of a Term Benchmark Advance, the fifth (5th) Business Day after the last day of each Calculation Period and, in respect of a Base Rate Advance, the last day of each March, June, September and December. 

Interest Proceeds means all payments of interest received in respect of the Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments
acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (in each case, other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from the sale of interest accrued after the date on which the Company acquired the
related Portfolio Investment), all other non-principal payments on the Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other payments shall not include principal payments (including, without
limitation, prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to Eligible Investments acquired with Principal Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other similar amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments or deposited
into any of the Collateral Accounts (including closing fees, commitment fees, underwriting fees, facility fees, late payment fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees and premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication
or other up-front fees and customary administrative agency or similar fees); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, (i) Interest Proceeds shall not include amounts or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account or
Unfunded Exposure Account or any proceeds therefrom and (ii) any Interest Proceeds that have been deposited into the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds in accordance with Section 4.05 shall not constitute Interest Proceeds. 

Investment means (a) the purchase of any debt or equity security of any other Person, (b) the making of any Loan
or advance to any other Person, or (c) becoming obligated with respect to a contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person. 

Investor means any Person who has been admitted as a shareholder of, or who otherwise holds equity interests in, the
Parent. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

JPMCB has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Lender Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c). 

Lenders has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03. 

Lien means any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity or encumbrance of any kind, including tax liens,
mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law. 

Loan means any obligation for the payment or
repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term and/or revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement. 

18 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Initial Equity Commitment
Letter, the Sale Agreement, the Account Control Agreements, if any, and such other agreements and documents, and any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications thereof, executed or delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any of
the other Loan Documents and any additional documents delivered in connection with any such amendment, supplement or modification. 

Loan to Value Ratio means, as of any date of calculation, the ratio of (a) the Net Advances to (b) the Net Asset
Value, in each case, as of such date. 

LTV Default means, as of any date of determination, the Loan to Value Ratio is
greater than the sum of (i) the applicable AR at such time and (ii) 15.00%. 

LTV Reduction Plan
means a proposal by the Company of steps to effect a reduction of the Loan to Value Ratio to 62.5% not later than thirteen (13) Business Days following the date of an Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(d). 

Margin Stock has the meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board.

Market Value means, on any date of determination (after giving effect to Section 1.06), (a) with respect
to any Loan, the average indicative bid-side price (expressed as a percentage) determined by Markit Group Limited or LoanX (or if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that such bid-side price is not available or is not
indicative of the actual current market value, the market value of such Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in each case, using consistent standards that the Administrative Agent
would apply to similar facilities with similarly situated borrowers; and (b) with respect to any other Portfolio Investment, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner using consistent standards that the Administrative Agent would apply to similar facilities with similarly situated borrowers, in each case, expressed as a percentage of par or the face amount thereof, as applicable;
provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the initial market value in respect of each Newly Acquired Portfolio Investment for which there is no bid-side price available from LoanX or Markit Group Limited on, and as of, the date of
determination shall be the purchase price thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, each valuation determined by the Administrative Agent shall give reference to factors commonly used by market participants in conducting robust valuation processes,
including without limitation (A) industry and comparable company analysis, (B) market yield assumptions, (C) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment Obligor; (D) historical
and prospective debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investment Obligor and (E) other corporate actions taken by the Portfolio Investment Obligor, and not solely (x) changes in market indices, and/or (y) the sale of
a minority position in such Portfolio Investment in the secondary market. 

So long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the right to initiate a dispute of the Market Value of certain Portfolio Investments as set forth below; provided that the Portfolio Manager provides written notice of such
dispute no later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately following the related date of determination; provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may not initiate a dispute of
the Market Value thereof until the earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment and (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent provides a Market Value with respect to such
Portfolio Investment that is lower than the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment on the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment. 

19 

If the Portfolio Manager disputes the determination of Market Value with respect to any
Portfolio Investment (other than a Traded Loan), the Portfolio Manager may in a calendar quarter, with respect to Non-Traded Assets in the aggregate constituting not more than 25% of the average Net Asset Value for each day in such calendar quarter
until the date of dispute, engage a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider, at the expense of the Company, to provide a valuation of the applicable Portfolio Investments and submit evidence of such valuation as of such date of submission to the
Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time on the second Business Day immediately following the date of the Companys notice to the Administrative Agent, at which time the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment shall be
equal to such valuation; provided that any such valuation shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and shall give reference to factors commonly used by market participants in conducting
robust valuation processes, including without limitation (A) industry and comparable company analysis, (B) market yield assumptions, (C) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment
Obligor; (D) historical and prospective debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investment Obligor and (E) other corporate actions taken by the Portfolio Investment Obligor; provided, further, that if the Company engages a
Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider that provides a range of valuations, then the valuation for purposes of this paragraph shall be equal to the mean of the highest and lowest valuations of such range. 

If the Portfolio Manager disputes the determination of Market Value with respect to any Traded Loan, the Portfolio Manager may, at the expense
of the Company, submit to the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time on the second Business Day immediately following the date of the Companys notice to the Administrative Agent at least two (2) written and
executable bids for the full principal or face amount, as applicable, of such Portfolio Investment as of such date of submission from Independent Dealers, at which time the Market Value of such Traded Asset shall be equal to (i) if two or more
such bids have been submitted, the weighted average of such bids or (ii) if only one such bid is available (the Portfolio Manager acting in good faith to obtain such bids) and has been submitted, the value of such single bid. 

The market value of any Portfolio Investment determined in accordance with this definition will be the Market Value for such Portfolio
Investment from the applicable date set forth above until the Administrative Agent has made a good faith and commercially reasonable determination using consistent standards that the Administrative Agent would apply to similar facilities with
similarly situated borrowers in accordance with this definition that the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment has changed, in which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with this definition of Market
Value). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) the Market Value for any Portfolio Investment shall not be greater than
the par or face amount thereof, (B) the Market Value of any Ineligible Investment shall be deemed to be zero and (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Portfolio Manager from any
Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents good faith and commercially reasonable judgment using consistent standards that the Administrative Agent would apply to similar facilities with similarly situated borrowers: (i) such
Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investment or portion thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for such Portfolio
Investment, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is not bona fide due to the insolvency of the Independent Dealer, or (iii) the Administrative Agent does not have the ability to
execute any such bid by selling any portion of such Portfolio Investment held by the Administrative Agent or its Affiliate for its own account to any such Independent Dealer (either directly or indirectly through a broker or other intermediary
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) at the time (but no earlier than the time) such bid is delivered to the Administrative Agent by the Portfolio Manager (the provisions set forth in the preceding four (4) paragraphs of this
definition, the Market Value Dispute Mechanisms). 

20 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Administrator
in writing of the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment in the Portfolio no later than the 5th day of each calendar month or upon the reasonable request of the Portfolio Manager; provided that the Company and the Portfolio Manager
hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent may make available to the Company and the Portfolio Manager the Market Value of each Portfolio Investment by posting such materials or information on the Financing Connect platform hosted by JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. or another similar electronic system and such posting shall satisfy the Administrative Agents requirements under this paragraph. Any notification (which may be by email) from the Administrative Agent to the Portfolio Manager
that a Market Value Trigger Event has occurred shall be accompanied by a written statement showing the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment. 

Market Value Cure means, on any date of determination, (i) with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the
contribution by the Parent of additional Portfolio Investments and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof (including, without limitation, the Administrative Agents approval rights with respect
thereto), (ii) the contribution by the Parent of cash or Cash Equivalents to the Company and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof (which amounts shall be deposited in the MV Cure Account),
(iii) the sale by the Company of one or more Portfolio Investments in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, (iv) the prepayment by the Company of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued and unpaid
interest thereon) or (v) any combination of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), in each case during the Market Value Cure Period, at the option of the Portfolio Manager, and in an amount such that after giving effect to all
such actions and the application of proceeds thereof, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied; provided that, with respect to any such additional Portfolio Investment contributed to the Company in connection with the foregoing, (i) the
Trade Date thereof shall occur during the Market Value Cure Period and (ii) such Portfolio Investment must meet all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) after such contribution. In
connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to have been contributed to the Company within the Market Value Cure Period if there has been a valid, binding and enforceable contract for the assignment of such
Portfolio Investment to the Company and, in the reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager, such assignment will settle, within the Settlement Period (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent agrees in its sole discretion), it being
understood that no Market Value Cure shall occur if a Portfolio Investment sold, contributed or deemed to have been contributed to the Company shall fail to settle within the applicable Settlement Period. The Portfolio Manager shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to effect any such assignment within such Settlement Period. 

Market Value Cure Failure
means the failure by the Company to effect a Market Value Cure as set forth in the definition of such term during the Market Value Cure Period. 

Market Value Cure Period means the period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice
from the Administrative Agent (which, if received after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day) of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and ending at
the close of business in New York two (2) Business Days thereafter; provided, that (A) in the event the Parent delivers a Capital Call Confirmation Package to the Administrative Agent within such two (2) Business Day period,
then the Market Value Cure Period shall, solely to the extent of the requested capital contributions under such Capital Call Confirmation Package, be extended to the close of business in New York fifteen (15) Business Days (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent agrees in its absolute discretion) following the 

21 

Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice (which may be by email) from the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event in accordance with this
definition (the Extended Cure Period); provided, further, that (a) if the Parent becomes aware that any portion of the requested capital contribution under such Capital Call Confirmation Package will not be
timely made within such Extended Cure Period (a Capital Call Shortfall), then, unless Jefferies Finance LLC provides a written confirmation and undertaking in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent
that it shall contribute an amount in cash equal to such Capital Call Shortfall as the Administrative Agent directs by no later than the conclusion of the Extended Cure Period, the Market Value Cure Period shall end on the earlier of (i) two
(2) Business Days following the Business Day the Parent becomes so aware and (ii) the conclusion of the Extended Cure Period, provided that an equity commitment letter substantially in the form of Exhibit C executed by Jefferies
Finance LLC shall be deemed to be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (b) a Capital Call Confirmation Package may be delivered no more than one time in any fifteen (15) Business Day period and (B) in the event that
the Company delivers an MV Cure Extension Request to the Administrative Agent within such two (2) Business Day period, then the Market Value Cure Period shall be extended to the close of business in New York ten (10) Business Days
following the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice from the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event (which may be by email) in accordance with this definition, provided that on each day
during the MV Cure Extension Period, the Company delivers an MV Cure Plan Status Confirmation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; provided further that, if on any date during the MV Cure Extension Period, the MV Cure Plan
Status Confirmation is not reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, a Market Value Cure Failure will be deemed to have occurred on such date.

Market Value Dispute Mechanisms has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value. 

Market Value Event means the occurrence of both (i) a Market Value Trigger Event and (ii) a Market Value Cure
Failure. 

Market Value Trigger has the meaning set forth on the Transaction Schedule. 

Market Value Trigger Event means an event that shall have occurred if the Administrative Agent has determined and notified
the Company in writing (which may be by email) as of any date that the Loan to Value Ratio (expressed as a percentage) is greater than or equal to the Market Value Trigger. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Company or the Parent, (b) the ability of the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager to perform its material obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party or
(c) the rights of or benefits available to the Agents or the Lenders under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

Material Amendment means any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing
Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduces the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii) postpones the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of
any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder, or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment, or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Financing Commitment, (iv) changes any provision in
a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby or (v) changes any of the provisions of this definition or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or
percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder. 

22 

Maturity Date means the date that is the earliest of (1) the
Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction Schedule, (2) the date on which the Secured Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the Secured
Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as a result of one or more prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4) the date after a Market Value
Event on which all Portfolio Investments have been sold and the proceeds therefrom have been received by the Company. 

Maximum
Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

Mezzanine Obligation means a Portfolio Investment
which is not a Senior Secured Loan or a Second Lien Loan. 

Minimum Funding Amount means, on any date of determination, the amount set forth in the table below, provided that
if(a) prior to the occurrence of a Permitted
Securitization occurs on and after the date that is
eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the Effective Date, the Minimum Funding Amount for the period beginning on such date
and ending on the date that is six (6) months
from such date shall be reduced by $150,000,000, and thereafter shall be, an amount determined in accordance with the table below: 

Period Start Date Period End Date Minimum Funding Amount 

Effective Date The date that is three (3) months after

the Effective Date $ 20,000,000 

The date that is three (3) months and one (1) day after the Effective Date The date that is six (6) months after

the Effective Date $ 60,000,000 

The date that is six (6) months and one (1) day after the Effective Date The date that is twelve (12) months

after the Effective Date $ 100,000,000 

The date that is twelve (12) months and one (1) day after the Effective Date The date that is eighteen (18) months

after the Effective Date 

65% of the

Financing

Commitments 

The date that is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the Effective Date Last day of the

Reinvestment Period 

75% of the

Financing

Commitments 

(b) on and
after the occurrence of a Permitted Securitization, an amount determined in accordance with the table below:

Period Start Date Period End Date Minimum Funding Amount

Date of the Permitted
Securitization The date that is three (3)

months after the date
of

the Permitted

Securitization 25% of the Financing

Commitments

The date that is three
(3) months and one (1) day after the date of the Permitted Securitization The date that is six (6)

months after the date of

the
Permitted

Securitization 35% of the Financing

Commitments

The date that is six
(6) months and one (1) day after the date of the Permitted Securitization The date that is twelve

(12) months after the

date of the
Permitted

Securitization 50% of the Financing

Commitments

The date that is twelve (12)
months and one (1) day after the date of the Permitted Securitization Last day of the

Reinvestment Period 75% of the Financing

Commitments

23 

provided that,
notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein, on and after the occurrence of a Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date, (i) until but not including
the date that is
three (3) months after the occurrence of such Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date, the Minimum Funding Amount
shall be deemed to be the Minimum Funding Amount as determined as of the date immediately preceding the
effective date of the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date in accordance with clauses (a) and (b) above and (ii) thereafter, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be deemed to be the 75% of the Financing Commitments.

MV Cure Account means the account established by the Bank or the
Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

MV Cure Extension Period has the meaning set forth in the definition of MV Cure Extension Request. 

MV Cure Extension Request means a written request from the Company satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable discretion requesting to extend the Market Value Cure Period in accordance with the definition thereof and proposing a MV Cure Plan. 

MV Cure Plan means a proposal by the Company of steps to effect a Market Value Cure, which is reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent and which plan may include: prospective sales of Portfolio Investments, timing of sales of Portfolio Investments, prospective purchasers of Portfolio Investments, indicative pricing for Portfolio Investments, prospective Trade
Dates and timing of when Portfolio Investment proceeds are expected to be received during the MV Cure Extension Period. 

MV Cure
Plan Status Confirmation means, for each Business Day during the MV Cure Extension Period, a status update provided by a senior officer of the Company regarding the progress of the stated MV Cure Plan activities and any further information
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with achieving a Market Value Cure. 

Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider means (i) Lincoln International LLC (f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC), (ii) Valuation Research Corporation, (iii) Alvarez & Marsal, (iv) Hilco Valuation Services, (v) Kroll, LLC,
(vi) Citrin Cooperman Advisors LLC and (vii) Houlihan Lokey; provided that any independent entity providing professional asset valuation services may be added to this definition by the Company (with the consent of the Administrative
Agent) or added to this definition by the Administrative Agent (with the consent of the Company) from time to time; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may remove any provider from this definition other than Kroll, LLC by
written notice to the Company and the Portfolio Manager so long as, after giving effect to such removal, (x) there are at least three providers designated pursuant to this definition and (y) at least two of the initial providers designated
pursuant to this definition as of the Effective Date shall at all times continue to be so designated. 

Net Advances
means the principal amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of Advances that have been requested for any outstanding Purchase Commitments which have traded but not settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in (i) the Collateral
Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds (excluding any Principal Proceeds which are required to settle any outstanding Purchase Commitments) and (ii) the MV Cure Account. 

24 

Net Asset Value means, on any date of determination (after giving effect
to Section 1.06), the sum of (A) the sum of the product, for each Portfolio Investment (both owned by the Company and any Portfolio Investment which has traded but not yet settled (except as set forth in clause (2) below), of
(x) the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment (which, in the case of Portfolio Investments that have traded but not settled, subject to the proviso below, shall be determined in accordance with the Market Value definition) multiplied by
(y) the funded principal amount or face amount, as applicable, of such Portfolio Investment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, for any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the unfunded commitment amount thereof plus (B) the
amounts then on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including cash and Eligible Investments); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) the Concentration Limitation Excess, (2) any Portfolio Investment which has traded
but not settled within the applicable Settlement Period (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) from the related Trade Date thereof and (3) any Ineligible Investments, in each case, will be
excluded from the calculation of the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero for such purposes. 

Net Leverage
Ratio means, with respect to the last four full fiscal quarters with respect to any Portfolio Investment other than an ARR Portfolio Investment, the meaning of Net Leverage Ratio (for such applicable lien or level within the
capital structure) or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Portfolio Investment, and in any case that Net Leverage Ratio or such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, the
ratio obtained by dividing (i) the indebtedness of the Portfolio Investment Obligor and any parent that is obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in
accordance with GAAP), minus the unrestricted cash of such Portfolio Investment Obligor or such parent as of such date (up to an amount agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) by (ii) EBITDA, in each case, as calculated by
the Portfolio Manager in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Portfolio Investment
Obligor as per the requirements of the applicable underlying instruments (or, in respect of EBITDA, in accordance with the definition of EBITDA). 

Newly Acquired Portfolio Investment means, on any date of determination, a Loan the date of incurrence or establishment
thereof shall have occurred within 60 days prior to such date. 

Non-Call Period means the period beginning on, and
including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the date that is eighteenthirty (1830) months after the Effective Date. 

Non-Traded Asset means any Loan
which is not a Traded Loan. 

Notice of Acquisition has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a). 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former
connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Loan Document). 

25 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary,
intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect
to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 

Parent means Senior Credit Investments, LLC. 

Partial PIK Portfolio Investment has the meaning set forth in Schedule 43. 

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section
10.06(d). 

Participation Interest means a participation interest in a Loan. 

PATRIOT Act has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(f). 

Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(a). 

Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b). 

Pending Capital Call means any Capital Call that has been made upon the Investors and that has not yet been funded by the
applicable Investor, but with respect to which such Investor is not in default. 

Permitted Distribution means, on any
Business Day, distributions of amounts credited to any Collection Account at the discretion of the Company to the Parent (or other permitted equity holders of the Company or the Parent); provided that (a) there are Excess Interest
Proceeds remaining after giving effect to such distribution, (b) Principal Proceeds may only be distributed
(i) during the Reinvestment Period, but after the Ramp-Up
Period only,
and (ii) if a Permitted Securitization has occurred, only to the extent clause (b)(ii) of the
Single Issuer Concentration Limit applies either as a result of the Companys election pursuant to the definition of Single Issuer Concentration Limit or on the date that is the
six (6) month anniversary of the date of such Permitted Securitization, (c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (d) no Market Value Event shall have occurred, (e) no Market
Value Trigger Event shall have occurred or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution, (f) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (g) the Company
gives at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, and (h) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which, in each
case, may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted Distribution set forth herein are satisfied. 

Permitted Lien means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if (i) such Taxes shall not at the time be due and
payable or (ii) a Person is contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens
imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not
overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Loan Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder and (e) bankers, clearing agencies or broker
dealers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of
the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements. 

26 

Permitted Non-USD Currency means AUD, CAD, GBP and EUR, and, with the
agreement of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, any other Foreign Currency requested by the Company from time to time. 

Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts means the account(s) established by the Bank and (x) set forth on the Transaction
Schedule or (y) as notified from time to time to the Administrative Agent by the Company in writing at least three (3) Business Days prior to the designation of an account as a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, in an applicable
jurisdiction to hold cash or Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank. 

Permitted RIC Distribution means distributions to the Parent (from the Collateral Accounts or otherwise) to the extent
required to allow the Parent to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a RIC, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Parent in or with respect to any taxable year of the Parent (or any calendar year,
as relevant); provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Parent shall not exceed 115% of the amounts that the Company would have been required
to distribute to the Parent to: (i) allow the Company to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a RIC for any
such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Companys liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor
thereto), or (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Companys liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to
Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Company had qualified to be taxed as a RIC under the Code and (B) amounts may be distributed pursuant to this
definition only from Excess Interest Proceeds and so long as (i) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied, (ii) the Company gives at least two (2) Business Days prior notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator, (iii) if any such Permitted RIC Distributions are made after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted RIC Distributions made in any 90 calendar day period shall not
exceed $2,500,000 and (iv) the Company and the Administrative Agent have confirmed in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted RIC Distribution set forth herein
are satisfied. 

Permitted Securitization means any commercial loan securitization or securitization of loans as to
which the Administrative Agent has consented (in its sole and absolute discretion). 

Permitted Working Capital Lien
means any Lien in respect of a Working Capital Revolver. 

Person means any natural person, company, corporation,
partnership, trust, limited liability company, exempted company, association, Governmental Authority or unit, or any other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity. 

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to
Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA. 

27 

Plan Asset Rules means the regulations issued by the United States
Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 

Portfolio means all Portfolio Investments Purchased and not otherwise sold or liquidated. 

Portfolio Investments has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Portfolio Investment Obligor means, with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the borrower or issuer thereof. 

Portfolio Manager has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Possessory Collateral has the meaning set forth in the definition of Deliver. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect
at its principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

Principal Proceeds means (i) all amounts received with respect to the Portfolio Investments or any other Collateral,
and (ii) all amounts otherwise on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash contributed to or deposited by the Company and Advances made in accordance herewith), in each case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts on deposit in the
Unfunded Exposure Account; provided that the Company may permanently designate Excess Interest Proceeds as Principal Proceeds by giving at least two (2) Agent Business Days notice (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent
(with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, provided that any such notice received after 10:00 a.m. New York City time on an Agent Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the immediately succeeding
Agent Business Day) so long as on the date of such notice and the date of designation as Principal Proceeds each of the following conditions is satisfied (at which time such amount shall cease to be Excess Interest Proceeds): (1) the Borrowing
Base Test is satisfied, (2) no Market Value Event has occurred and (3) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Priority of Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05. 

Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b). 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be
amended from time to time. 

Purchase means each acquisition or origination of a Portfolio Investment by the Company,
including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way of (i) a contribution or sale by the Parent to the Company pursuant to the Sale Agreement or (ii) a direct issuance to the Company by the obligor thereunder or extension of credit by the
Company to the obligor thereunder. 

Purchase Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a). 

Ramp-Up Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to, but excluding, the date that is the one
(1) year anniversary of the Effective Date. 

28 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark
means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting
or (3) with respect to other Benchmarks, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c). 

Reinvestment Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the
earliest of (i) the date that is the four (4) year
anniversary of the Effective DateDecember 7, 2028,
(ii) the date on which a Market Value Event occurs, (iii) the date on which an Event of Default occurs (provided that, such Reinvestment Period shall be immediately restated if any such Event of Default ceases to continue and there
has been no acceleration of the Secured Obligations), and (iv) if defined or otherwise provided for in the constituent documents of the Parent, the date of the termination of the Reinvestment Period (or other similar term and/or
provision therein, if any) of the Parent. 

Related Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the Term SOFR Administrator, or a committee
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the Term SOFR Administrator, or, in each case any successor thereto. 

Removed Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Request for Advance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d). 

Required Lenders means Lenders holding 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Advances plus (ii) the aggregate undrawn amount of the outstanding Financing Commitments. 

Resolution
Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities
Intermediary, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary customarily performing functions with respect to corporate trust matters and, with respect to a
particular corporate trust matter under this Agreement, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the
administration of this Agreement. 

Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including,
without limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on account of any shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment,
purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any
outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding. 

Retiring Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

29 

Returned Capital means, for any Investor, if applicable, those funds
returned or distributed to such Investor by the Parent which is added back to such Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment pursuant to the constituent documents of the Parent or otherwise. 

Reuters means Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv or any successor thereto. 

Revolving Loan means any Loan (other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but including funded and unfunded portions of
revolving credit lines) that under the underlying instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor, but any such Loan will be a Revolving Loan only until all commitments by the holders
thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are terminated or are irrevocably reduced to zero. 

RIC means
a regulated investment company as defined in Section 851 of the Code. 

Sale Agreement has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or
territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea region of Ukraine and
the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine). 

Sanctioned Person means, at
any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Company, any of its Affiliates or any other party hereto, (b) any Person located,
organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned 50% or more, or controlled, by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (c) any Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by
(a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU
member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Company, any of its Affiliates or any other party hereto. 

Scheduled Termination Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule. 

Second
Amendment Effective Date has the meaning given to that term in the Second Amendment Agreement. 

Second
Amendment Agreement means that certain Amendment No. 2 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024, by and among the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and others.

Second Lien Loan means a Loan (i) that is secured by a pledge of
collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Loans) under Applicable Law (provided that, for the
avoidance of doubt, a Loan that is second priority solely to a Permitted Working Capital Lien shall constitute a Senior Secured Loan) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Loan
(including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher
seniority secured by the same collateral. 

30 

Secured Obligation has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Secured Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Securities Intermediary has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Senior Secured Loan means any Loan, that (a) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly
perfected and first priority under Applicable Law and is not subordinate in right of payment to any obligation of the Portfolio Investment Obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding
(subject to (x) liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Loans, (y) a Permitted Working Capital Lien and (z) subordination in right of payment (including in any default
waterfall) to a Working Capital Facility) and (b) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the
outstanding principal balance of the Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral. 

Settlement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Settlement Period means, with respect to any Trade Date, fifteen (15) Business Days following such date. 

Single
Issuer Concentration Limit has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor
source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR
Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

SOFR Rate
Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

Solvent means, with
respect to any Person, that as of the date of determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons
capital is not unreasonably small in relation to its business as contemplated on the date of this Agreement; and (c) such Person has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise).
For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to
become an actual or matured liability. 

31 

Specified Default means any (i) Default or Event of Default
occurring under clauses (a), (e), (f) and (g) of Article VII and (ii) Event of Default occurring under clauses (d) or (m) of Article VII. 

Specified Delayed Funding Term Loan means each Delayed Funding Term Loan set forth on Schedule 7. 

Spot Rate means, as of any date of determination, (x) with respect to actual currency exchange between U.S. Dollars
and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar rate available through Collateral Agents banking facilities (or, if Collateral Agent has notified the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will no longer
provide such services or if The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association or one of its affiliates is no longer the Collateral Agent, through such other source agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing) and
(y) with respect to all other purposes between U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen (or such other commercially available source providing such
quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for such currency at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately preceding Business Day as determined by the Administrative Agent (with notice to the Collateral Agent
and the Collateral Administrator). The determination of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Structured
Finance Obligation means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or other financial assets of any Portfolio Investment Obligor,
including collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities. 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, exempted limited partnership, joint venture, limited liability
company, exempted company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such
power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. 

Synthetic Security means a security or swap transaction, other than a participation interest or a letter of credit, that
has payments associated with either payments of interest on and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate. 

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate means, for each Calculation Period, the 3-month Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago
time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the
0%, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0% for the purposes of this Agreement. 

32 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the
Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Calculation Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as
the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S.
Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR
Determination Day. 

Trade Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Traded Loan means any Senior Secured Loan or Second Lien Loan governed by LSTA documentation for which at least two
(2) bid-side prices are available as determined by LoanX or Markit Group Limited on, and as of, any Business Day of determination. 

Transaction Schedule has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York. 

UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

Uncertificated Security has the meaning set forth in the UCC. 

Undrawn Amount means, on any applicable date of determination, the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the Minimum
Funding Amount minus the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances. 

Undrawn Fee has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.03(f). 

Undrawn Fee Rate means a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin minus the
Commitment Fee Rate. 

33 

Underlying Definitive Documents means with respect to any Portfolio
Investment, each loan agreement, indenture, other financing agreement, promissory note, collateral security agreement, guarantee and any other agreement or document evidencing, securing, governing or executed in connection with such Portfolio
Investment, including without limitation, the agreements and instruments in respect of which the Company acquired such Portfolio Investment. 

Unfunded Capital Commitments means with respect to any Investor, the unfunded or remaining Capital Commitment of such
Investor that may be called in accordance with the terms of the Parents constituent documents, including, without duplication, any Returned Capital attributable to such Investor; provided that Unfunded Capital Commitment
shall not include the portion of such Investors Capital Commitment that is, at such time, subject to a Pending Capital Call. 

Unfunded Exposure Account means the account established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the
Transaction Schedule for the deposit of funds used to cash collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

Unfunded Exposure Amount means, on any date of determination, with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving
Loan, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments (in the case of unfunded commitments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate on such date of determination) associated with
such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, as applicable. 

Unfunded Exposure Shortfall means, on any date of
determination, an amount equal to the greater of (x) zero and (y) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount of all Portfolio Investments (excluding, solely for the purpose of Section 2.03(g) during the Ramp-Up Period, any Specified
Delayed Funding Term Loans) minus the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. 

Unused Facility
Amount means, on any applicable date of determination, (i) the aggregate Financing Commitments of all Lenders minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances . 

U.S. Dollars or USD means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f). 

Working Capital Revolver means a revolving lending facility that (i) either (a) is secured on a first lien basis
solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor, (b) is secured on a first lien basis on all or substantially all of the assets of the related obligor or (c) is secured on a pari passu basis with any Senior
Secured Loan but has priority in right of payment (including as a result of a default waterfall) to any Senior Secured Loan and (ii) has an aggregate commitment amount of less than 100% of EBITDA. 

34 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any
contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a
right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Zero-Coupon Security means any Debt Security that by its terms (a) does not bear interest for all or part of the
remaining period that it is outstanding or (b) pays interest only at its stated maturity. 

ARTICLE I 

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments. On or prior to the Effective Date, the Company will have acquired the Initial
Portfolio Investments from the Parent pursuant to the Sale Agreement. From time to time during the Reinvestment Period, the Company may Purchase additional Portfolio Investments, or request that Portfolio Investments be Purchased for the
Companys account, all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (Additional Portfolio Investments). 

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances. 

(a) Timing of Notices of Acquisition. No later than five (5) Agent Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative
Agent may agree in its sole discretion) before the date on which the Company proposes that a binding commitment to (i) acquire any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) be made by it or for its account (a
Purchase Commitment) or (ii) originate any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) for its account, the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a notice
of acquisition (a Notice of Acquisition). 

(b) Contents of Notices of Acquisition. Each Notice of Acquisition
shall consist of one or more electronic submissions to the Administrative Agent (in such format and transmitted in such a manner as the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Company may reasonably agree (which shall initially be the
format and include the information regarding such Portfolio Investment identified on Schedule 2)), and shall be accompanied by such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (which information shall include in any event
whether such Portfolio Investment, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers actual knowledge, is subject to any event of default (as such term or similar term is defined in the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment)).

(c) Eligibility of Portfolio Investments. The Administrative Agent shall have the right, on behalf of all Lenders, to request
additional information regarding any proposed Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval or failure to approve each Portfolio Investment proposed to be acquired pursuant to a
Notice of Acquisition (and, if approved, an initial determination of the Market Value for such Portfolio Investment) no later than the fifth (5th) Agent Business Day succeeding the date on
which it receives such Notice of Acquisition and any information reasonably requested in connection therewith); provided that (i) any Initial Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to be approved by the Administrative Agent and
(ii) the failure of the Administrative Agent to notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval in accordance with this Section 1.02 shall be deemed to be a disapproval of such proposed acquisition. Each approval granted by
the Administrative 

35 

Agent for the purchase of a proposed Portfolio Investment shall remain effective for a period of thirty (30) days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio Manager or the Company may re-submit any proposed Portfolio Investment to the Administrative Agent for approval during or following the expiration of any such thirty
(30) day period. 

(d) Ineligibility of Non-Approved Portfolio Investments. The failure of the Administrative Agent to approve
the acquisition of a Portfolio Investment will not prohibit the Company from acquiring such Portfolio Investment; provided that any Portfolio Investment not so approved prior to its Trade Date shall be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment
until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved by the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 1.03. Conditions
to Purchases. No Purchase Commitment or Purchase shall be entered into or made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of both (i) the date on which such Purchase Commitment is entered into (if applicable) or such Purchase
would otherwise be made (such Portfolio Investments Trade Date) and (ii) the date on which such Purchase (if any) shall settle (the Settlement Date): 

(1) the information contained in the Notice of Acquisition accurately describes, in all material respects, such Portfolio
Investment; 

(2) with respect to a Purchase, the proposed Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment is not later than
the applicable Settlement Period (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after such Trade Date (provided that the Settlement Date and the Trade Date for a newly originated Portfolio Investment
shall be the same date); 

(3) no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default or event that, with notice or
lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default (a Default), has occurred and is continuing (unless (1) such Purchase was made or committed to prior to the Companys knowledge of or occurrence of a Default or
Event of Default (other than a Specified Default) or (2) such Purchase is otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent), and the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended; and 

(4) after giving pro forma effect to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment and any related Advance, the Borrowing Base Test
is satisfied. 

The Administrative Agent may waive any conditions to a Purchase Commitment or Purchase, as the case may be, specified above
in this Section 1.03 by written notice thereof to the Collateral Administrator, the Company and the Portfolio Manager. If the above conditions to a Purchase Commitment or a Purchase are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio
Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment. 

To the extent applicable, promptly following the Settlement Date for a Portfolio Investment and its receipt thereof (and at other times
thereafter promptly following the written request of the Administrative Agent (including via email)), the Collateral Agent shall provide to the Administrative Agent a copy of the executed assignment agreement pursuant to which such Portfolio
Investment was assigned, sold or otherwise transferred to the Company. 

36 

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments. The Company will not sell, transfer or
otherwise dispose of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, except that, subject to Section 6.02(w), the Company may sell any Portfolio Investment (including any Ineligible
Investment) or other asset so long as (and any trade ticket or other direction or instruction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall be deemed to constitute a certification that the following conditions have been satisfied),
(x) before and after giving effect thereto, no Market Value Event has occurred, no Market Value Trigger Event has occurred or will occur therefrom and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (unless (1) such
disposition was made or committed to prior to the Companys knowledge of or occurrence of a Default or Event of Default (other than a Specified Default) or (2) such disposition is otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and
(y) the sale of such asset by the Company shall be on an arms-length basis at fair market value and in accordance with each of the Companys and the Portfolio Managers standard market practices. In addition, subject to clauses
(x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, (a) within two (2) Business Days of any Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming an Ineligible Investment (other than, during the Ramp-Up
Period, a Specified Delayed Funding Term Loan), the Company shall enter into a binding commitment to sell such Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan which sale shall settle no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after such commitment
and shall pay any amount payable in connection with such sale and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent within two (2) Business Days of any other Portfolio Investment becoming an Ineligible Investment, the Company shall, subject
to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, enter into a binding commitment to sell such Portfolio Investment which sale shall settle no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after such commitment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the requirements under clause (x) of this paragraph shall not apply to any sales initiated following the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event to the extent consummated to effect a Market Value Cure. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (but subject to this Section 1.04): (i) following the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall have any right to cause the sale, transfer or other disposition of a Portfolio Investment or any other asset (including, without
limitation, the transfer of amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (other than any Permitted RIC Distribution in accordance with the definition thereof or the transfer of funds from the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts to another
Collateral Account or vice versa in accordance with this Agreement)) except (1) where such disposition was made or committed to prior to the Companys knowledge of or occurrence of a Default or Event of Default (other than a Specified
Default) or (2) such disposition is otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (ii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to sell Portfolio Investments (individually
or in lots, including a lot comprised of all of the Portfolio Investments) at the sole direction of, and in the manner (including, without limitation, the time of sale, sale price, principal amount to be sold and purchaser) required by the
Administrative Agent (provided that the Administrative Agent shall only require sales at the direction of the Required Lenders and at least equal to the then-current fair market value and in accordance with the Administrative Agents
standard market practices) and the proceeds from such sales shall be used to prepay the Advances outstanding hereunder and (iii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Portfolio Manager shall have no right to act on behalf of, or
otherwise direct, the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Person in connection with a sale of Portfolio Investments pursuant to any provision of this Agreement except with the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall take such actions as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing (including via e-mail) to facilitate the consummation of such sale. Any prepayments made pursuant to this paragraph shall automatically reduce the Financing Commitments as provided in Section
4.07(c). 

37 

In connection with any sale of Portfolio Investments required by the Administrative Agent
following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative Agent shall: 

(i) notify the
Company at the Designated Email Notification Address promptly upon distribution of bid solicitations regarding the sale of such Portfolio Investments; and 

(ii) direct the Company to sell such Portfolio Investments to the Designated Independent Dealer if the Designated Independent Dealer provides
the highest bid in the case where bids are received in respect of the sale of such Portfolio Investments, it being understood that if the Designated Independent Dealer provides a bid to the Administrative Agent that is the highest bona fide bid to
purchase a Portfolio Investment on a line-item basis where such Portfolio Investment is part of a pool of Portfolio Investments for which there is a bona fide bid on a pool basis proposed to be accepted by the Administrative Agent (in its sole
discretion), then the Administrative Agent shall accept any such line-item bid only if such line-item bid (together with any other line-item bids by the Designated Independent Dealer or any other bidder for other Portfolio Investments in such pool)
is greater than the bid on a pool basis. 

For purposes of this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as
invalid any bid submitted by the Designated Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents judgment (acting reasonably): 

(A)
either: 

(x) the Designated Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any
portion thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for the relevant Portfolio Investments; or 

(y) the Designated Independent Dealer would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, be able to obtain any consent
required under any agreement or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the relevant Portfolio Investments to the assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, to it; or 

(B) such bid is not bona fide, including, without limitation, due to (x) the insolvency of the Designated Independent Dealer or
(y) the inability, failure or refusal of the Designated Independent Dealer to settle the purchase of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or perform
its obligations generally. 

In connection with any sale of a Portfolio Investment directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section 1.04 and the application of the net proceeds thereof, the Company hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as the Companys attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed
any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the Company and in the name of the Company to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.04 (including, without limitation, the power
to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Section 1.04 or any direction or notice to the Collateral Agent in respect of the application
of net proceeds of any such sales). None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or any Affiliate of any thereof shall incur any liability to the Company, the
Portfolio Manager, any Lender or any other Person in connection with any sale effected at the direction of the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section 1.04, including, without limitation, as a result of the price obtained for any
Portfolio Investment, the timing of any sale or sales of Portfolio Investments or the notice or lack of notice provided to any Person in connection with any such sale, so long as, in the case of the Administrative Agent only, any such sale does not
violate Applicable Law. 

38 

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments. For purposes of
all calculations hereunder, any Portfolio Investment for which the Trade Date in respect of a sale thereof by the Company has occurred, but the Settlement Date for such sale has not occurred, shall be considered to be owned by the Company until such
Settlement Date. 

SECTION 1.06. Valuation of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments. For purposes of all valuations and
calculations hereunder, the principal amount and Market Value of all Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency on deposit in any Permitted
Non-USD Currency Account shall be converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate in accordance with the definition of such term in consultation with the Administrative Agent on the applicable date of valuation or calculation, as applicable. 

SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on an Advance may be derived from an interest rate benchmark
that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 3.01(h) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The
Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with
respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or
produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its
affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant
adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or
rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Company, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special,
punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information
source or service. 

ARTICLE II 

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01.
Financing Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, only during the Reinvestment Period, each Lender hereby severally agrees to make available to the Company Advances, in U.S. Dollars, in an aggregate amount
outstanding not exceeding the amount of such Lenders Financing Commitment. The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the earliest of (a) the close of business on the last day of the Reinvestment Period (including as result of the
occurrence of a Market Value Event) and (b) the Maturity Date. 

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved]. 

39 

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds. 

(a) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to an Advance set forth in Section 2.05 as of the Advance date, the Lenders
will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make the applicable Advance available to the Company on the related Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related Advance date if no Portfolio Investment is being acquired on
such date) as provided herein. 

(b) Except as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to make any Advance required hereunder
shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Company required hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof),
apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

(c) The Company shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder to pay any fees and expenses related to the Portfolio, to
purchase the Portfolio Investments identified in the related Notice of Acquisition, to make advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loans or Revolving Loans in accordance with the underlying instruments relating thereto or, if Parent or any
Affiliate thereof purchased the relevant Portfolio Investments or made advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loans or Revolving Loans, to repay the Parent or such Affiliate the amount advanced by such Person (provided that such payment to
the Parent or such Affiliate otherwise satisfies the conditions to Permitted Distributions set forth in the definition thereof); provided that, if the proceeds of an Advance are deposited in the Collection Account as provided in Section 3.01
prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio Investment but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment on the related Settlement Date, or if there are proceeds of such Advance remaining after such Purchase, then, subject to
Section 3.01(a), upon written direction from the Portfolio Manager the Collateral Agent shall apply such proceeds as provided in Section 4.05. The proceeds of the Advances shall not be used for any other purpose. 

(d) With respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Company, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A
(a Request for Advance) to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time, at least one (1) Business Day prior to
the Business Day specified as the date on which such Advance shall be made (except with respect to any Advance that is a Base Rate Advance, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time on the Business Day specified as the date on which such Base
Rate Advance shall be made) and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and
the related purchase (if any) of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s), (A) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied or (B) if such Advance is made during the Ramp-Up Period to fund the commitments under any Specified Delayed Funding Term
Loans, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied as if the relevant AR for the purposes of such test was 67.50%; provided, in the case of this subclause (B), that (i) such request for an Advance is accompanied by an LTV Reduction
Plan reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which proposal, shall be deemed reasonable if the Company proposes to submit an LTV Reduction Plan substantially similar to a Capital Call Confirmation Package or an MV Cure Plan permitted in
connection with the extension of a Market Value Cure Period and (ii) until such LTV Reduction Plan is effected, the Borrowing Base Test and Net Advances shall be calculated (without duplication) as if such amount
constituted cash then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts representing Principal Proceeds. Subject to any deemed request pursuant to Section 3.01(h), no Request for Advance shall request a Daily Simple SOFR Advance unless the
then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR. If the Company fails to specify a type of Advance in a Request for Advance, then the applicable Loans shall be made as a Term Benchmark Advance. If the Company delivers a Request for an Advance for a Base
Rate Advance after 11:00 a.m., New York City time on the same day such Base Rate Advance is requested to be made, then such request will be deemed to be a request for a Term Benchmark Advance for the same principal amount to be made as of the
immediately following Business Day. 

40 

(e) [Reserved.] 

(f) If two (2) Business Days prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, then the Portfolio
Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall be deemed to have requested an Advance on such date, and the Lenders shall make a corresponding Advance on the last day of the Reinvestment Period (with written notice to the Collateral Administrator by the
Administrative Agent) in accordance with Article III in an amount to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account, equal to the least of (i) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, (ii) the Financing Commitments in excess of the
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances and (iii) an amount such that the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied after giving effect to such Advance; provided that, if the Company provides evidence to the Administrative Agent
(satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) that it has cash from other sources that is available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to make any such future advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loan
or Revolving Loan, then the amount of any such Advance shall be reduced by the amount of such funds. After giving effect to such Advance, the Company shall cause the proceeds of such Advance and cash from other sources that are available in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement in an amount equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account. 

(g) If at any time during the Reinvestment Period, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exceeds 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount, the Company
shall deposit, within two (2) Business Days thereof, cash collateral in the Unfunded Exposure Account in an amount equal to such excess. 

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement shall not become effective
until the date (the Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): 

(a) Executed Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a
counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party
has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received
reasonably satisfactory evidence that the Loan Documents have been executed and are in full force and effect, and that the initial sales and/or contributions contemplated by the Sale Agreement shall have been consummated in accordance with the terms
thereof. 

(c) Opinions. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory written
opinions of counsel for the Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Parent, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (including,
without limitation, certain bankruptcy matters) in writing. 

41 

(d) Corporate Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have
received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of officers of the Company, the Parent and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity,
authority and capacity of each officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably
request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Company, the Parent and the Portfolio Manager and any other legal matters relating to the Company, the Parent, the Portfolio Manager, this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(e) Payment of
Fees, Etc. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Company in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date,
including any fees payable in accordance with the Initial Fee
Letter and, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses)
required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company hereunder. 

(f) PATRIOT Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under the
USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act) and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the
Company qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least 10 days prior to the
Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Company shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification. 

(g) Filings. Proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of
all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged hereunder have been delivered to the Administrative
Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(h) Certain Acknowledgements. The Administrative
Agent shall have received (i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Company as
debtor and that are filed in the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized, (ii) a UCC lien search indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Parent as debtor which cover any of the Portfolio
Investments and (iii) such other searches that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate. 

(i) Officers
Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.05(4) and 2.05(6) have been satisfied on and as of the
Effective Date. 

(j) Constituent Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a copies of the
constituent documents of the Company, the Parent and the Portfolio Manager, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(k) Initial Equity Commitment Letter. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received an executed copy of the Initial Equity Commitment Letter from the Parent. 

42 

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances. No Advance shall be made unless each of the
following conditions is satisfied as of the proposed date of such Advance: (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion):(1) the Effective Date shall have occurred; 

(2) the Company shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(d); 

(3) no Market Value Event has occurred; 

(4) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(5) the Reinvestment Period has not ended; 

(6) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and
correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent that
such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality
qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

(7) immediately after giving pro forma effect to such
Advance (and any related Purchase) hereunder: 

(x) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied or, if such Advance is made during
the Ramp-Up Period to fund the commitments under any Specified Delayed Funding Term Loans, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied as if the relevant AR for the purposes of such test was 67.50% in accordance with Section 2.03(d); and

(y) the aggregate principal balance of Advances then outstanding will not exceed the aggregate limit for Advances set
forth in the Transaction Schedule; and 

(8) the amount of such Advance shall be not less than $1,000,000. 

If the above conditions to an Advance are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in
consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which any Advance shall be provided. 

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option. The Company may, at any time during the Reinvestment Period, submit a Financing
Commitment Increase Option Request to increase the Financing Commitment by an aggregate amount (together with any prior increase in the Financing Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.06) of up to $100,000,000 (the Financing
Commitment Increase Cap) (any Financing Commitment resulting from approval of a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, an Increased Financing Commitment). Unless otherwise agreed among JPMCB and any Affiliate
thereof that is a Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Company, each increase to the Financing Commitment of the Lenders on a Commitment Increase Date shall be allocated to JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender in the amount(s)
designated by such Lenders to the Administrative Agent. Any portion of such increase remaining after allocation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (and after allocation of such increase to any additional Lender providing all or a
portion of such increase) shall be allocated to the other Lenders that have notified the Administrative Agent that they wish to participate in such increase on a pro rata basis (determined without giving effect to the Financing Commitments of JPMCB
and its Affiliates). The increasing Lenders shall fund the requested Advance in accordance with such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

43 

(a) each of the increasing Lenders and the Administrative Agent (in their sole discretion)
approve in writing (which may be by email) such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request; 

(b) no Market Value Event shall have
occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date after giving pro forma effect to the requested Increased Financing Commitment; 

(c) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date after giving pro forma effect to the requested
Increased Financing Commitment; 

(d) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan
Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the Financing Commitment
Increase Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which
by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

(e) the aggregate principal amount of
the Advances shall not be less than the Minimum Funding Amount (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent and the increasing Lenders in writing (including via email) in their sole discretion); 

(f) [reserved]; 

(g) the Company
shall have paid to the Administrative Agent on the Financing Commitment Increase Date, for the account of each increasing Lender, an upfront fee (pro rata based on its increased commitment) in an aggregate amount equal to 1.00% of the amount by
which the Financing Commitments are increased; and 

(h) any Financing Commitment Increase Option Request shall be in an amount not less
than $100,000,000 (or, if less, the remaining amount of the Financing Commitment Increase Cap); 

(i) [reserved]; and 

(j) receipt, if requested by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, of documentation similar to that provided pursuant to
Sections 2.04(c), (d) and (f)(ii) on the Effective Date. 

SECTION 2.07. Financing Commitment Scheduled
Increase.
TheEach Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase shall become effective on the date that is the one (1) year anniversary of the
Effective Date (the each Financing
Commitment Scheduled Increase Date), or such other date agreed to by the Administrative
Agent and,
the Lenders and the Company in writing (including via email), without further action by any party, subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) on such date of the following conditions precedent:

44 

(a) no Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date; 

(b) all of the representations
and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be
true and correct), in each case on and as of the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all
material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; and 

(c) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent on the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date, for the account of each
applicable Lender, an upfront fee in an aggregate amount as set forth in the Initial Fee Letter; and 

(d) the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate
of an officer of the Company, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.07(a) and 2.07(b) have been satisfied on and as of the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date. 

SECTION 2.08. Duration Extension Option. The Company may on one occasion, at any time following the first anniversary of the Effective
Date, submit a Duration Extension Request for an extension of the Scheduled Termination Date of the Financing Commitments by up to one (1) year (any such Financing Commitment so extended, an Extended Financing Commitment),
subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) the Administrative Agent and each Lender (in their sole discretion)
approves in writing (which may be by email) such Duration Extension Request, provided that if such Duration Extension is effective only upon the then current Maturity Date and one or more Lender does not agree to extend, then the approval of any
such non-extending Lender shall not be required and such Duration Extension shall not apply to any such non-extending Lender; 

(b)
[reserved]; 

(c) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, on the date of effectiveness of such Duration Extension, for the
account of each extending Lender, an upfront fee in an aggregate amount to be agreed between the Company and the extending Lenders; 

(d) no
Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the date of such Duration Extension; 

(e) [reserved]; 

(f) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the date of such Duration Extension; 

(g) the Company shall have taken any action as may be
reasonably requested by any Secured Party pursuant to Section 6.02(aa); 

45 

(h) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any
other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date of
such Duration Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and
warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; and 

(i) to the extent
necessary, the Collateral Agent (or the Administrative Agent or any other designee on its behalf) shall have filed, or received authorization to file, appropriate amendments or extensions to all previously filed financing statements and/or
continuation statements under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect or ensure the perfection of the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in all Collateral. 

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS
APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances. 

(a) Making the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Company as provided in Section 2.03, then each
Lender shall make such Advance on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Collateral Agent for deposit to the Collection Account. Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing any domestic or
foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Advance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Advances, except that prepayments made after the Reinvestment Period shall result in a reduction of Financing Commitments as provided in Section 4.07(e). 

(b) Interest on the Advances. (i) Subject to Section 3.01(h), all outstanding Advances shall bear interest (from and
including the date on which such Advance is made to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal to the Term SOFR Rate for each Calculation Period (or, if a Base Rate Advance, at
the applicable Base Rate for the relevant period) in effect plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all
outstanding Advances and any unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest (from and including the date of such Event of Default to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal to
the Term SOFR Rate for each Calculation Period (or, if a Base Rate Advance, at the applicable Base Rate for the relevant period) in effect plus the Adjusted Applicable Margin. 

(ii) Each Base Rate Advance shall be consolidated and converted into a Term Benchmark Advance in an amount equal to the
outstanding principal amount of such Base Rate Advance on the day that is two (2) Business Days following the date such Base Rate Advance was made. The initial interest rate for each such Term Benchmark Advance shall be calculated in accordance
with clause (i) above as if the Company had delivered a Request for Advance for a Term Benchmark Advance to be made at such time. 

(c)
Evidence of the Advances. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts
of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the
Register) in which it shall record (1) the amount of each Advance made hereunder, (2) the amount of any principal or interest due and 

46 

payable or to become due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder and (3) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and
each Lenders share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such
Register or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided
in this section. This Section 3.01(c) shall be construed so that the Advances are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and 881(c)(2) of the Code. 

Any Lender may request that Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and
deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Thereafter, the Advances
evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its
registered assigns). 

(d) Pro Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein, all borrowings of, and payments in respect of,
the Advances shall be made on a pro rata basis by or to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions of the Financing Commitments in respect of Advances held by them. 

(e) Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Company that the adoption of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, makes it unlawful,
or any Governmental Authority asserts that it is unlawful, for a Lender or the Administrative Agent to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder, then (1) the obligation of such Lender or the Administrative Agent
hereunder to fund or maintain Advances shall immediately be suspended until such time as such Lender or the Administrative Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that such performance is again lawful, (2) at the request of the Company, such
Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts (which will not require such party to incur a loss, other than immaterial, incidental expenses), until such time as the Advances are required to be prepaid as required
under clause (3) below, to transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates with respect to which such performance would not be unlawful, and (3) if such Lender or the
Administrative Agent is unable to effect a transfer under clause (2), then any outstanding Advances of such Lender shall be promptly paid in full by the Company (together with all accrued interest and all other amounts owing hereunder) but
not later than the earlier of (x) if the Company requests such Lender or the Administrative Agent to take the actions set forth in clause (2) above, 20 calendar days after the date on which such Lender or the Administrative Agent
notifies the Company in writing that it is unable to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement as specified in such clause (2) and (y) such date as shall be mandated by law; provided that, to the extent that any
such adoption or change makes it unlawful for the Advances to bear interest by reference to the Term SOFR Rate, then the foregoing clauses (1) through (3) shall not apply and the Advances shall bear interest (from and after the last
day of the Calculation Period ending immediately after such adoption or change) at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule; provided, further, that no
breakage costs shall be payable in connection with this Section 3.01(e). 

(f) Increased Costs. 

(i) If any Change in Law shall: 

47 

(A) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit,
liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender; 

(B) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this
Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or 

(C) subject any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than
(x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations,
or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to
such Lender or the Administrative Agent of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of principal, interest or
otherwise), then, upon written request by such Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will pay to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the
Administrative Agent, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(ii) If any Lender
determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence
of this Agreement or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the
policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the Company will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will
compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(iii) A certificate of a
Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be
delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

(iv) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section
shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such
Lenders or the Administrative Agents intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180 day period referred to above
shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. No Lender nor the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to any such compensation unless such Person is generally seeking such compensation from borrowers under substantially
similar facilities with substantially similar assets and from whom such Person is entitled so seek such compensation. 

48 

(v) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will
take such commercially reasonable actions as the Company may reasonably request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided that no Lender or the Administrative
Agent shall be obligated to take any actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, be disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, due to a loss of money). In
no event will the Company be responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates to any other entities to which any Lender provides financing. 

(vi) If any Lender (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests compensation under clause (e) above or this
clause (f), (B) defaults in its obligation to make Advances hereunder or (C) does not consent to a Material Amendment consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, then the Company may, at its sole expense and
effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06),
all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Company that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be obligated to so assign), provided
that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the date of such assignment and
(y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to
apply. No prepayment fee that may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such assignment. 

(g)
No Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section 3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every
such payment (after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof) shall not be less than
the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under this Agreement. 

(h) Alternate Rate of Interest. 

(i) Temporary Benchmark Unavailability. In the event that (A) the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a Calculation Period; provided that no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred
at such time or (B) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable Calculation Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or
maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) for such Calculation Period, then the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so notify the Company and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter (with a copy
to the Collateral Agent), and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (x) any Request for Advance with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate for
the applicable Calculation Period shall be ineffective and 

49 

(y) the obligations of the Lenders to make any Advances at the Term SOFR Reference Rate shall be suspended. Furthermore, if any Advance at the Term SOFR Reference Rate is outstanding on the date
of the Companys receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.01(h)(i), then on the last day of the Calculation Period (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such
Advance shall accrue interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin as of such day. 

(ii) Permanent Benchmark
Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the
then-current Benchmark, then: 

(a) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the
definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and
subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and 

(b) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as
the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(iii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (in consultation with the Company) from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any
amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iv) Notices from and Determinations by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the
Company and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (b) the implementation of any Benchmark
Replacement, (c) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (d) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below and (e) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), including any determination with respect to
a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in
its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.01(h). 

50 

(v) Unavailable Term Rate Tenors. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any
tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of
Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (b) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (a) above either
(A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark
(including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of definition of Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously
removed tenor. 

(vi) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement
of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company may revoke any request for or conversion to a Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance to be made or converted during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Company
will be deemed to have converted any request for, or request for conversion to, a Term Benchmark Advance into a request for, or conversion to, (A) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark
Transition Event or (B) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event. 

During any Benchmark Unavailability
Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination
of the Base Rate. 

Furthermore, if any Daily Simple SOFR Advance or any Term Benchmark Advance is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of
notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Benchmark applicable to such Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such currency is implemented
pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), (1) any Term Benchmark Advance shall on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the
Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark
Transition Event, on such day and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance. 

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved]. 

51 

SECTION 3.03. Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances shall be made without deduction
or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including FATCA). If any Applicable Law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Company, then the Company shall be entitled to make such
deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be
increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Lender or the Administrative Agent receives an
amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the
Company. The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, within ten
(10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Lender or the Administrative Agent
or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender or the Administrative Agent and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on
behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall indemnify the
Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and
without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so) and (ii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender
by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by
the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d). 

(e) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this
Section 3.03, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of
such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

52 

(f) Status of Secured Parties. (i) Any Secured Party that is entitled to an
exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent,
such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if
reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative
Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such
documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.03(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such
Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B) any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably
requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following
is applicable: 

(i) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United
States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, copies of executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax
pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or any applicable successor form establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(ii) copies of executed IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c)
of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Company or the Parent within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and is not a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) copies of executed IRS
Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form; or 

(iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial
owner, copies of executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial
owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

53 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the
Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), copies of executed forms of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together
with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional
documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such
Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing
of its legal inability to do so; and 

(E) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company an electronic copy of an IRS Form W-9 upon
becoming a party under this Agreement attesting to the fact that it is a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a U.S. financial institution
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1471-3(a)(3)(iii) and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold under Section 1441 and FATCA. 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund
of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but
only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid
by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any
penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph
(g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net
after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the
indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes
that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

54 

(h) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 3.03 shall
survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under
any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE IV 

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION
4.01. Interest Proceeds. The Company shall notify the Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect to each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Interest Proceeds to the Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency Account. To the extent Interest Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Interest Proceeds on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Collection Account or remitted to the
Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be credited) to the Collection Account all Interest Proceeds received by it promptly (and, in any case, within one (1) Business Day) upon receipt thereof in accordance with
the written direction of the Portfolio Manager; provided that Interest Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. Interest Proceeds on deposit in the
Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts shall be converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate at least two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date and deposited into the
Collection Account for application as described above at the written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or upon the occurrence of a Market Value
Event, the Administrative Agent). 

Subject to Section 4.06, Interest Proceeds shall be retained in the Collection Account (or any
Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Cash Equivalents denominated
in the applicable currency of such account selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent) (Eligible
Investments). Eligible Investments shall mature no later than the end of the then-current Calculation Period. In the absence of any such written instruction, all such amounts on deposit in the Collection Accounts shall remain uninvested.

Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) shall be withdrawn by
the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to
make payments in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions in accordance with this Agreement. 

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds. The Company shall instruct the Portfolio Investment Obligor (or any applicable servicer) with respect
to each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Principal Proceeds to the Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable. To the extent Principal Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the
Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Principal Proceeds received on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be credited)
to the Collection Account all Principal Proceeds received by it promptly (and, in any case, within one (1) Business Day) upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager; provided that Principal
Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts shall be converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot
Rate no later than two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date and deposited into the Collection Account for application as described above at the written direction of the
Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or upon the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent). 

55 

All Principal Proceeds shall be retained in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD
Currency Account, as applicable) and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Administrative Agent in Eligible Investments denominated in the applicable currency of such account selected by the Portfolio Manager
(unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent). All investment income on such Eligible Investments shall constitute Interest Proceeds. In the
absence of any such written instruction, all such amounts on deposit in the Collection Accounts shall remain uninvested. 

Principal
Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) towards the purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased in
accordance with this Agreement, (iii) to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account or (iv) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions in accordance with this Agreement, in each case with prior notice to the
Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, Principal Proceeds received in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 1.04 following a Market Value Event shall be used to prepay Advances as set forth
therein at the written direction of the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Fees.

(a) The Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances (together with accrued interest thereon) to the Administrative Agent
for the account of each Lender on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Collateral Accounts shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Secured Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each
Additional Distribution Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

(b) Accrued interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears
on each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the proviso to Section 3.01(b) shall be payable on demand
and (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment. 

(c) (i) Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the right from time to time to prepay
outstanding Advances (which prepayment shall result in a termination of Financing Commitments to the extent required pursuant to Section 4.07) in whole or in part. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 4.03(c)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before
the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the
Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure, each partial prepayment of outstanding Advances shall be in an amount not less than $1,000,000. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest. 

56 

(ii) At the request of any Lender, any prepayment pursuant to Section
4.03(c)(i) that is made on a date other than an Interest Payment Date shall be accompanied by any costs incurred by such Lender in respect of the breakage of its funding at the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the related Calculation Period
(excluding for the avoidance of doubt any loss of profit). 

(d) If the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than
the Financing Commitment of the Lenders in the aggregate on any date on or after the Effective Date and prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, the Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender (other
than a Defaulting Lender), a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of Payments which shall accrue at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily Unused Facility Amount of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date
to but excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, and on the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment fees shall be computed on the
basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(e) The Company agrees to pay the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, an upfront fee on the Effective Date, in an aggregate
amount as set forth in the Initial Fee Letter. Once paid, such
fees or any part thereof shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

(f) If the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Advances is less than the Minimum Funding Amount on any date on or after the Effective Date and prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, then the Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, an undrawn
fee (the Undrawn Fee) in accordance with the Priority of Payments which shall accrue at a per annum rate equal to the Undrawn Fee Rate on the average daily Undrawn Amount during the period from and including such date to but
excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued Undrawn Fees shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date occurring after the date on which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than the Minimum
Funding Amount to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate and (ii) the last day of the Reinvestment Period. All Undrawn Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the
actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(g) Without limiting Section 4.03(c), the
Company shall have the obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part on any date with proceeds from sales of Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set
forth in Section 8.01(h). All such prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest and shall be applied to the repayment of the longest outstanding Advance. 

(h) If any Lender does not consent to a Material Amendment consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, then the Company
may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, prepay the Advances of such Lender or require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the
restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Company that shall assume such
obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be obligated to so assign); provided that such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts
payable to it hereunder through the date of such assignment. No prepayment fee or premium (including pursuant to Section 4.07(a)) that may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such prepayment or
assignment made pursuant to this Section 4.03(h). 

57 

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account. 

(a) The Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with a Market Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure Account or remitted
to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in writing as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, all cash amounts in the MV Cure
Account shall be invested in overnight Eligible Investments at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (as directed by the Required Lenders). All amounts contributed to the Company by the Parent in connection with a Market Value Cure shall
be paid free and clear of any right of chargeback or other equitable claim. 

(b) Amounts on deposit in the MV Cure Account may be withdrawn
by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and remitted to the
Company with prior notice to the Administrative Agent (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, to the Lenders for prepayment of Advances and reduction of
Financing Commitment); provided that the Company may not direct any withdrawal from the MV Cure Account if the Borrowing Base Test is not satisfied (or would not be satisfied after such withdrawal). 

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments. On (w) each Interest Payment Date, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) each Agent Business
Day designated by the Administrative Agent (with two (2) Agent Business Days notice (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, provided that any such notice received after 10:00 a.m. New York
City time on an Agent Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the immediately succeeding Agent Business Day) after the occurrence of a Market Value Event and (z) each Agent Business Day designated by the Administrative Agent (with
two (2) Agent Business Days notice (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, provided that any such notice received after 10:00 a.m. New York City time on an Agent Business Day shall be
deemed to have been received on the immediately succeeding Agent Business Day) after the occurrence of an Event of Default and the declaration of the Secured Obligations as due and payable (each date set forth in clauses (y) and (z) above,
an Additional Distribution Date), the Collateral Agent shall distribute all amounts in the Collection Account (and any Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds then on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) in the
following order of priority (the Priority of Payments): 

(a) to pay (i) first, amounts due or payable to the
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including fees, out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities) and (ii) second, any other accrued and unpaid fees and
out-of-pocket expenses (other than the commitment fee and undrawn fee payable to the Lenders, but including Lender indemnities) due hereunder, up to a maximum amount under this clause (a) of $100,000 per calendar quarter on each Interest
Payment Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest
Payment Date occurring in the same calendar quarter); provided that, if an Event of Default has occurred and the Administrative Agent has terminated the Financing Commitments and declared the Secured Obligations due and payable, the cap shall
be increased to $200,000 per calendar quarter for payment to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary in connection with any actions it has taken with respect to enforcement of rights on the Collateral; 

(b) to pay interest due in respect of the Advances and any increased costs and commitment fees and undrawn fees payable to the Lenders (pro
rata based on amounts due); 

58 

(c) to pay (i) on each Interest Payment Date, all prepayments of the Advances permitted
or required under this Agreement (including any applicable premium) and (ii) on the Maturity Date (and, if applicable, any Additional Distribution Date), principal of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full; 

(d) prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period, in the event of an Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account up to
the Unfunded Exposure Amounts; 

(e) following the end of the Reinvestment Period, solely with respect to Principal Proceeds, to pay
principal of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full; 

(f) to pay all amounts set forth in clause (a) above not paid due to
the limitation set forth therein; 

(g) to make any Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions directed pursuant to this
Agreement; and 

(h) (i) on any Interest Payment Date, to deposit any remaining amounts in the Collection Account (or, with respect to
any such amounts denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) as Principal Proceeds and (ii) on the Maturity Date and any Additional Distribution Date, any remaining amounts to the Company.

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally. 

(a) All payments to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated in writing to
the Company, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). The Administrative Agent shall give at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice to the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Administrator (on which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) and the Portfolio Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders in respect of the Advances and the amounts
payable to the Portfolio Manager. At least two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator in respect
of the interest due on such Interest Payment Date. All payments not made to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders shall be made as directed in writing by the Administrative Agent. Subject to Section 3.03 hereof, all
payments by the Company hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. All payments hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. All amounts in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account to be disbursed hereunder will be converted into U.S. Dollars
at the Spot Rate no later (x) than two (2) Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, (y) the Maturity Date, if the Maturity Date occurs prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and (z) each Additional Distribution
Date. All interest calculated using the Term SOFR Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and all interest calculated using the Base Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days in each case,
payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(b) At any time following the
occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Securities Intermediary or the Bank, as applicable, to exchange amounts held in each
Permitted Non-USD Currency Account for U.S. Dollars or to exchange amounts held in the Collateral Accounts for one or more Permitted Non-USD Currencies, in each case at the Spot Rate for application hereunder. 

59 

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments. 

(a) (i) Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.07(a) the Company shall be entitled at its option (A) on any Business
Day that JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent, (B) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or (C) at any time following the Non-Call Period, up to but not more than three (3) times
during any Calculation Period, to either (i) terminate the Financing Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances, all accrued and unpaid interest, all applicable premium and all other Secured Obligations (other than unmatured
contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) or (ii) reduce in part the portion of the Financing Commitments that exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any termination or reduction, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 4.07(a)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time,
two (2) Business Days before the date of termination or reduction, as applicable. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date of termination or reduction, as applicable, and the principal amount of the Financing Commitments
to be so terminated or reduced, as applicable. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial reduction of Financing Commitments shall be in an amount not less
than $2,000,000. 

(ii) Each commitment termination or reduction other than pursuant to clauses (A) or (B) of
Section 4.07(a)(i) that is made, whether in full or in part, during the period beginning immediately following the expiry of the Non-Call Period and ending upon the date that is six (6) months after the expiry of the Non-Call Period,
shall be accompanied by a premium equal to 1.00% of the amount of Financing Commitments so terminated or reduced, as applicable; provided that any such premium shall not be payable in connection with any repayments or reductions in connection
with Section 4.03(h) and any premium amount payable under this clause (ii) may be reduced with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (on such terms and conditions as the Administrative Agent may
require). 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) The Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced by all amounts that are used to prepay or repay Advances following
the occurrence of (i) a Market Value Event or (ii) an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the Secured Obligations without any payment of any premiums or prepayment fees. 

(d) All unused Financing Commitments as of the last day of the Reinvestment Period shall automatically be terminated. 

(e) The Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced by the amount of any repayment or prepayment of Advances following the last day of
the Reinvestment Period. 

ARTICLE V 

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 

SECTION
5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager. The Company hereby appoints the Portfolio Manager as its portfolio manager under this Agreement to perform the investment management functions of the Company set forth herein, and the
Portfolio Manager hereby accepts such appointment. For so long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to Section 1.04, the services to be provided by the Portfolio Manager
shall consist of (x) selecting, purchasing, managing and directing the investment, reinvestment and disposition 

60 

of Portfolio Investments, delivering Notices of Acquisition on behalf of and in the name of the Company and (y) acting on behalf of the Company for all other purposes hereof and the
transactions contemplated hereby. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and restrictions imposed on it herein and in each other Loan Document and to not act in contravention of any Loan Document. The Company hereby irrevocably
appoints the Portfolio Manager as its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its expense, in connection with the performance of its duties provided for herein. Without
limiting the foregoing: 

(a) The Portfolio Manager shall perform its obligations hereunder with reasonable care, using a degree of skill
not less than that which the Portfolio Manager exercises with respect to assets of the nature of the Portfolio Investments that it manages for itself and others having similar investment objectives and restrictions and consistent with practices and
procedures followed by institutional managers of national standing relating to assets of the nature and character of the Portfolio; and 

(b) The Portfolio Manager shall not (and shall not cause the Company to) take any action that it knows or reasonably should know would
(1) violate the constituent documents of the Company, (2) violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, (3) require registration of the Company as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), or (4) cause the Company to violate the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any instruments relating to the Portfolio Investments. 

The Portfolio Manager may employ third parties (including its Affiliates) to render advice (including investment advice) and assistance to the
Company and to perform any of the Portfolio Managers duties hereunder, provided that the Portfolio Manager shall not be relieved of any of its duties or liabilities hereunder regardless of the performance of any services by third
parties. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have the right to remove or replace the Portfolio Manager as investment adviser or portfolio manager hereunder. 

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. To the extent able through the exercise of its best
efforts, the Portfolio Manager agrees to cause the Company to (i) comply with all covenants and restrictions imposed on the Company hereunder and (ii) refrain from acting in contravention of this Agreement. The Portfolio Manager represents
to the other parties hereto that all of the information contained in the related Notice of Acquisition is true, correct and complete in all material respects; provided that, to the extent any such information was furnished to the Company by
any third party, such information is as of its delivery date true, complete and correct in all material respects to the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager. 

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification. The Portfolio Manager shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Agents, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the Lenders and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person) from and against any
and all losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities of any kind, including reasonable and documented out of pocket legal fees and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel to each group of affiliated Indemnified Persons (collectively,
Liabilities), and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Person on a current basis for all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel), incurred by such Indemnified Person in
connection with investigating, preparing, responding to or defending any investigative, administrative, judicial or regulatory action, suit, claim or proceeding, relating to or arising out of (a) any breach by the Portfolio Manager of any of
its material obligations hereunder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the obligation set forth in Section 6.02(k) to comply with any applicable conflicts procedure set forth in its constituent documents), (b) the failure of any of
the representations or warranties of the Portfolio Manager set forth herein to be true in all material respects when made or when deemed 

61 

made or repeated, (c) any exercise by the Company of its voting rights as set forth in Section 6.03 which results in equitable subordination with respect to any Portfolio Investment
in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding, except to the extent that such Liabilities or expenses (x) result from the performance or non-performance of the Portfolio Investments, or
(y) are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person, (d) any liabilities that arise to the extent due
to their or the Companys own fraud, gross negligence, recklessness, bad faith or willful misconduct (including any affirmative act taken with the knowledge that it would cause liability under this Agreement), in each case as are adjudicated in
a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or (e) an Event of Default pursuant to Sections 7.01(e)(i)-(iv) and (vi) with respect to the Company. 

This Section 5.03 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, resignation or removal of the Agents or the Collateral Administrator
and the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder. 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (a) through (e), (l),
(n), (o), (t) through (u), (w), and (aa), the Portfolio Manager) represents, each on behalf of itself, to the other parties hereto that as of the date hereof and each Trade Date (or as of such other date as maybe
expressly set forth herein): 

(a) it is duly organized, formed, registered or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, formation, registration or incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and
to consummate the transactions herein and therein contemplated; 

(b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each
such other Loan Document, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party constitutes its legal, valid and
binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, (B) equitable limitations
on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (C) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing); 

(c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing instruments and will not violate in any material respect any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of
any court or regulatory body and will not result in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any consent, under any material agreement, instrument or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be
bound or affected; 

(d) it is not subject to any Adverse Proceeding; 

62 

(e) it has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and
authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that are necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and
each such consent and authorization is in full force and effect except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(f) it is not required to register as an investment company as defined in the 1940 Act; 

(g) it has not issued any securities that are or are required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and it is not a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(h) it has no Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness
incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) if
applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan; 

(i) (x) it is not a
benefit plan investor within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules; (y) it has not within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to or been required to contribute to, or has any direct liability with respect to, any
Plan; and (z) no ERISA Affiliate has within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or been required to contribute to, or has any liability with respect to any Plan; 

(j) as of the date of this Agreement it is, and after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is not entering into this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors; 

(k) it is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; 

(l) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, it has complied with all
Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with governmental authorities, decrees and orders with respect to its business and properties and the Portfolio; 

(m) it does not have any Subsidiaries or own any Investments in any Person other than the Portfolio Investments or Investments
(i) acquired by the Company as permitted hereunder, or (ii) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving
a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof; 

(n) (x) it has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and
corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (y) no information (other than
projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry information or information relating to third parties) heretofore furnished by or on behalf of it in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this
Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such information) contains (or, to the extent any such information was furnished by or relating to a third party, to its
knowledge contains), when taken as a whole, as of its delivery date, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
materially misleading and (z) as of the Effective Date, to the best of its knowledge, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement
is true and correct in all respects; 

63 

(o) all of the conditions to the acquisition of the Portfolio Investments specified in
Section 1.03 have been satisfied or waived; 

(p) it has timely filed all material federal, state and other Tax returns required by
Applicable Law to have been filed by it; all such federal, state and other Tax returns are true and correct in all material respects; and it has paid or withheld (as applicable) all material Taxes owing or required to be withheld by it (if any)
shown on all such federal, state and other Tax returns, except any such Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP
on its books and records; 

(q) it is and will be treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

(r) the Company is and will be wholly owned by the Parent, which is a U.S. Person; 

(s) prior to the date hereof, the Company has not engaged in any business operations or activities other than as an ownership entity for
Portfolio Investments and similar Loan or debt obligations and activities incidental thereto; 

(t) neither it nor any of its controlled
Affiliates is (i) a Sanctioned Person; (ii) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a Sanctioned Country or any country or territory which is designated as a High-Risk Jurisdiction subject to a Call for Action by
the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction; (iii) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does
not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision; or (iv) a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a
jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 of the PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. It is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions
and also in compliance with all applicable provisions of the PATRIOT Act; 

(u) it has implemented and maintains in effect, or is subject
to, policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by it, its agents and their respective directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, and it and its officers and directors
and, to its knowledge, its employees, members and agents are in compliance in all material respects with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in it being
designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) it or its directors, officers, managers or employees or (ii) to the knowledge of it, any director, manager or agent of it that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the
credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person; 

(v) it has good and marketable title to all Portfolio Investments and other
Collateral free of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar in effect naming or purportedly naming it or any of its Affiliates as debtor and
covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording office, except such as may have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as Secured Party pursuant hereto, as necessary or advisable in connection with the Sale
Agreement or which has been terminated; 

64 

(w) it is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any of
their respective Affiliates; 

(x) there are no judgments for Taxes with respect to it and no claim is being asserted with respect to its
Taxes other than any judgments or claims, (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in
accordance with GAAP on its books and records or (ii) the failure of which to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(y) upon the making of each Advance, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will have acquired a perfected, first
priority and valid security interest (except, as to priority, for any Permitted Liens) in the Collateral acquired with the proceeds of such Advance, free and clear of any adverse claim (other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability;

(z) the Portfolio Manager intends to elect or has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act; 

(aa) the Portfolio Manager is not required to register as an investment adviser under the 1940 Act; 

(bb) no ERISA Event has occurred; 

(cc) all proceeds of the Advances will be used by the Company only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. No part of the proceeds
of any Advance will be used by the Company to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate
or be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board. No Advance is secured, directly or indirectly, by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock; and 

(dd) since its formation, the Company has complied with Section 6.02 (a)-(c). 

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager. The Company (and, with respect to (A) the Portfolio Manager,
clauses (e), (g), (k), (o), (r), (bb), (gg) and (hh): 

(a) shall at all times: (i) maintain
at least one independent manager or director (who is in the business of serving as an independent manager or director); (ii) maintain its own separate books and records (other than tax returns and documents related thereto in accordance with
subclause (iii) below), bank accounts and shall not list its asset as assets on the financial statement of any other Person, provided, however, that the Companys assets may be included in the financial statement of the Parent if
(A) an appropriate notation is made on such consolidated financial statements of the Parent to indicate the separateness of the Company from the Parent and to indicate that the Companys assets and credit are not available to satisfy the
debts and obligations of the Parent and (B) such assets are also listed on the Companys own separate balance sheet; (iii) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity separate from any other Person;
(iv) have a board of managers separate from that of any other Person; (v) file its own Tax returns, except to the extent that the Company is treated as a disregarded entity for Tax purposes and is not required to file any Tax
returns under Applicable Law, and pay any Taxes so required to be paid under Applicable Law solely from its own assets, except for those Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (vi) not commingle its assets with assets
of any other Person; (vii) [reserved]; (viii) conduct its business solely in its own name and comply with all organizational formalities necessary to maintain its separate existence; (ix) pay its own liabilities only out of its own
funds; (x) except 

65 

as permitted under any equity commitment letter contemplated hereunder, maintain an arms-length relationship with the Parent and each of its other Affiliates; (xi) not hold out its
credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; (xii) allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including, without limitation, for shared office space; (xiii) use
separate stationery, invoices and checks bearing its own name; (xiv) except to secure its own obligations as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its assets as security for the obligations of any other Person; (xv) correct any
known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; (xvi) intend to maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities and pay its operating expenses and liabilities from its own assets;
(xvii) not acquire the obligations or any securities of its Affiliates except as permitted under the Loan Documents; (xviii) cause the managers, officers, agents and other representatives of the Company to act at all times with respect to
the Company consistently and in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of the Company; (xix) maintain at least one special member, who, upon the dissolution of the sole member or the withdrawal or the disassociation of the sole
member from the Company, shall immediately become the member of the Company in accordance with its organizational documents; (xx) not identify itself or any of its Affiliates as a division or department of any other Person; (xxi) hold all
of its assets solely in its own name; (xxii) maintain a sufficient number of employees, if any, in light of its contemplated business operations and pay the salaries of its employees (if any) solely from its own funds, it being understood that
as of the date hereof the Company does not require any employees for the operation of its business; (xxiii) not maintain its assets in such a manner that will be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from
those of any other Person; and (xxiv) only enter into a contract or agreement with any member, principal or Affiliate of the Company in the ordinary course of business and upon terms and conditions that are commercially reasonable,
intrinsically fair and substantially similar to those that could be obtained in an arms-length transaction with unaffiliated third parties. 

(b) shall not (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions required or permitted to be performed under the
preceding clause (a) including, other than with respect to any warrants received in connection with a Portfolio Investment, controlling the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of any other Person except as otherwise
permitted hereunder (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not prohibit it from taking, or refraining to take, any action under or with respect to a Portfolio Investment); (ii) fail to be Solvent; (iii) release, sell, transfer, convey
or assign any Portfolio Investment unless in accordance with the Loan Documents; (iv) except for capital contributions or capital distributions permitted under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and properly reflected on its books and
records, enter into any transaction with any of its Affiliates except on commercially reasonable terms similar to those available to unaffiliated parties in an arms-length transaction; (v) identify itself as a department or division of
any other Person; or (vi) own any material asset or property other than the Collateral and the related assets and incidental personal property necessary for the ownership or operation of these assets. 

(c) shall take all actions consistent with and shall not take any action contrary to the DescriptionStructure of the Transaction & Assumptions Relating to the and Borrower and the Debtor Party
sectionsParties section in the opinions of
Richards, Layton &
FingerVenable LLP, dated the date hereof, relating
to certain true sale and non-consolidation matters; 

(d) shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other
than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan; 

66 

(e) shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and
Sanctions and shall maintain in effect and enforce, or be subject to, policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by it and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, managers, officers, employees and agents with
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions; 

(f) shall not amend (1) any of its constituent documents or (2) any document to which it is
a party in any manner that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; 

(g) shall not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this
Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be expressly
permitted hereby, (B) permit any Lien to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part thereof, any interest therein or the proceeds thereof, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or (C) take
any action that would cause the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as applicable, except for Permitted
Liens; 

(h) shall not, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), which
consent may be withheld in the sole and absolute discretion of the Required Lenders, enter into any hedge agreement; 

(i) shall not change
its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by it (or by the Collateral Agent on its behalf) in accordance with subsection (a) above materially misleading or change
its jurisdiction of organization, unless the Company shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent at least five (5) days prior written notice thereof, and shall promptly file, or authorize the filing of, appropriate
amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements (and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent together with written confirmation to the effect that all
appropriate amendments or other documents in respect of previously filed statements have been filed); 

(j) shall do or cause to be done all
things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited liability company, limited partnership or corporation, as applicable, and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights, franchises,
licenses and permits material to its business in the jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company, limited partnership or corporation, as applicable, in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which such qualification is necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents or any of the Collateral; 

(k) shall
comply with (A) all Applicable Law (whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (B) with
respect to the performance of its respective obligations or the exercise of its respective rights, any applicable conflicts procedure set forth in its constituent documents, except, in each case, where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(l) shall not merge into or consolidate with any
Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate in whole or in part, in each case, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; 

67 

(m) except for Investments permitted by Section 6.02(u) and without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not form, or cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any Loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments (by way of transfer of property, contributions to
capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted herein and pursuant to the other Loan
Documents (including, without limitation, Portfolio Investments); 

(n) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that (i) it
does not become a benefit plan investor within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules, (ii) neither it nor the Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to, or has any direct liability with respect to, any
Plan and (iii) no ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to or has any liability with respect to any Plan; 

(o) except for the security interest granted hereunder and as otherwise permitted hereunder, shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any
other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral or any interest therein (other than Permitted Liens), and it shall defend the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the
Secured Parties) and the Lenders in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under it (other than Permitted Liens); 

(p) 

(i) shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following financial statements, reports and information: (i) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the
end of each fiscal year of the Parent, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related consolidated statements of income for such year and the related
consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to
this clause (i) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parents annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the
Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year),
an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated statements of income of the Parent and
its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Parent and its
consolidated Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause
(ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parents quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are
made so available; (iii) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the end of each calendar month, until such time as the Initial Equity Commitment Letter is no longer outstanding, a list of Unfunded Capital
Commitments (including details of any Pending Capital Call and Returned Capital) with customary related reporting to the Administrative Agent (or confirmation that there has been no change in such information since delivery of the last report
thereof); (iv) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the end of 

68 

each calendar month, details of each Portfolio Investment that is a Partial PIK Portfolio Investment and the quantum of interest payable under such Partial PIK Portfolio Investments that is
actually being paid in kind rather than in cash (with such update to be substantially in the form of Schedule 8 and which may be delivered via email), and (v) from time to time, such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as
the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request; 

(ii) shall promptly furnish to the Administrative
Agent as soon as available, but no later than the date any financial statements are due pursuant to Section 6.02(p)(i) or (ii), a compliance certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B (a Compliance
Certificate), certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be true and correct in all material respects, (i) stating whether any Default or Event of Default exists; (ii) stating that the Company is in compliance with the
covenants set forth in this Agreement, including a certification that the Collateral has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent; (iii) stating that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article IV, or in any
other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date thereof, except to the extent that such representations and
warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and (iv) certifying that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects, the
financial condition and the results of operations of the Parent on the dates and for the periods indicated, on the basis of GAAP, subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normally recurring year-end adjustments; 

(q) shall pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon it or
upon its income, profits or property; provided that it shall not be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings diligently conducted and for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure of which to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(r) shall permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably
request, and at the Companys expense, (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments and (B) to visit its properties in connection with the collection, processing or managing of
the Portfolio Investments for the purpose of examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments or such Persons performance under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with any officer or employee or
auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters (including, if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Company with respect to review of the Portfolio Investments). The
Company agrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance shall not interfere in any material respect with the
Companys or the Portfolio Managers business and operations. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, such visits and inspections shall occur only (i) upon five
(5) Business Days prior written notice, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) no more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such inspections and only two (2) Business Day prior notice will be required before any inspection. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (r),
neither the Company, the Portfolio Manager nor any Affiliates thereof will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that
(x) constitutes trade secrets or non-financial proprietary 

69 

information, (y) in respect of which access or inspection by, or disclosure to, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by
Applicable Law or (z) is subject to any other confidentiality obligations (contractual or otherwise) that prevent disclosure to the Administrative Agent; 

(s) shall not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of
the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, including Regulations T, U and X; 

(t) shall not make any Restricted Payments without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Company may
make Permitted Distributions and Permitted RIC Distributions at any time subject to the requirements set forth in the definitions thereof and in accordance with Section 4.05; 

(u) shall not make or hold any Investments, except (A) the Portfolio Investments or (B) Investments the Company shall have acquired
or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof; 

(v) shall not request any Advance, and the Company shall not directly or knowingly indirectly, use, and shall procure that its directors,
officers, employees and agents shall not directly or knowingly indirectly use, the proceeds of any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value,
to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent
permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto; 

(w) other than pursuant to the Sale Agreement and in accordance with Section 1.04, in connection with a Permitted Securitization or
otherwise with the consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not transfer to any of its Affiliates any Portfolio Investment purchased from any of its Affiliates (other than sales to Affiliates conducted on terms and conditions consistent with those
of an arms-length transaction and at fair market value); 

(x) shall post on a password protected website maintained by the
Administrative Agent to which the Portfolio Manager will have access or deliver via email to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each Portfolio Investment Obligor in respect of a Portfolio Investment, without duplication of any other reporting
requirements set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (i) any management discussion and analysis, (ii) any financial reporting packages (including all financial statements) and (iii) subject to applicable
confidentiality restrictions, notifications of credit events, in each case provided by such Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect to such Portfolio Investment Obligor and the applicable Portfolio Investment (including any attached or included
information, statements and calculations) promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business Days) following the receipt thereof by the Company or the Portfolio Manager, provided that, in the case of any credit event described in the
foregoing clause (iii), the Company shall post on such website and deliver via email to the Administrative Agent notice of any such material event promptly upon obtaining knowledge thereof. The Company shall cause the Portfolio Manager to provide
such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Portfolio Investment or Portfolio Investment Obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager with neither undue burden nor expense);

70 

(y) shall not elect to be classified as other than a disregarded entity or partnership for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, nor shall the Company take any other action or actions that would cause it to be classified, taxed or treated as a corporation or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax
purposes (including transferring interests in the Company on or through an established securities market or secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof)), within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the Code (and Treasury Regulations
thereunder); 

(z) shall only have partners or owners that are treated as U.S. Persons or that are disregarded entities owned by a U.S.
Person and shall not recognize the transfer of any interest in the Company that constitutes equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes to a Person that is not a U.S. Person; 

(aa) shall from time to time (including, without limitation, in connection with any Duration Extension Request) execute and deliver all such
supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to secure the rights and remedies
of the Secured Parties hereunder and to grant all or any portion of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security interest (and the priority thereof) of this Agreement or to carry out the purposes hereof, perfect, publish notice of or protect
the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement, preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the Collateral Agent against the claims of all
Persons and parties, pay any and all Taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral and use its commercially reasonable efforts to minimize Taxes and any other costs arising in connection with its activities or give, execute,
deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document, agreement or other papers that may be reasonably necessary or desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant to this
Agreement or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or their respective designee(s) to file
a UCC financing statement in customary form, and such financing statements may describe as the collateral covered thereby all assets of the debtor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or words to that effect, notwithstanding that
such collateral description may be broader in scope than the collateral described herein; 

(bb) shall, upon the request of the
Administrative Agent following the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company and the delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 6.02(o), participate in not more than one conference call with Lenders arranged by the
Administrative Agent to provide discussion and analysis with respect to the Portfolio Investments at a time at which the Company and the Administrative Agent mutually agree; 

(cc) [reserved]; 

(dd)
[reserved]; 

(ee) shall not maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts other than the Collateral Accounts; 

(ff) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, shall not cancel or terminate any of the underlying instruments in respect of a Portfolio
Investment to which it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of any of such agreements unless (in each case) the Administrative Agent shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole
discretion; 

(gg) shall not make or incur any capital expenditures except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance
with this Agreement; 

71 

(hh) shall not act on behalf of a Sanctioned Person or in a Sanctioned Country, and none of
the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective controlled Affiliates, owners, directors or officers is a Sanctioned Person. The Company does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager will not cause the Company to own or
acquire, any security issued by, or interest in, any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions; 

(ii) shall give notice to the Administrative Agent promptly in writing upon (and in no event later than, with respect to subparagraphs
(2) and (5), one (1) Business Day, and otherwise three (3) Business Days, after) actual knowledge, or upon due inquiry would have had actual knowledge, of the occurrence of any of the following: 

(1) any Adverse Proceeding; 

(2) any Default or Event of Default; 

(3) any adverse claim asserted against any of the Portfolio Investments, the Collateral Accounts or any other Collateral; 

(4) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result
in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; 

(5) a Portfolio Investment which
constitutes an Eligible Investment hereunder becomes an Ineligible Investment; and 

(6) for so long as the Initial Equity
Commitment Letter is outstanding, one or more Investors having Capital Commitments aggregating 10% or greater of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Investors shall default in their obligation to fund any Capital Call in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Documents and the applicable constituent documents and such failure continues for a period of ten (10) Business Days; 

(jj) shall ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof are at all times
deposited in or credited to a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account except to the extent that any such proceeds are transferred to another Collateral Account in accordance with this Agreement or any such Portfolio Investment is sold in accordance with
this Agreement; 

(kk) shall ensure that the Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount (or, during
the Ramp-Up Period, shall not exceed 35.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount);provided that any Unfunded Exposure Amount shall be cash collateralized as required in accordance with Section 2.03(g); and 

(ll) shall ensure that, for so long as the Initial Equity Commitment Letter remains outstanding, that the Unfunded Capital Commitments of the
Investors are at all times during such period equal to or greater than 115% of the aggregate amount of the Companys unfunded commitments under all Specified Delayed Funding Term Loans from time to time. 

72 

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. If the Company or the
Portfolio Manager receives any formal written notice or other formal written communication concerning any amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any related underlying instrument or rights
thereunder (each, an Amendment) with respect to any Portfolio Investment or any related Underlying Definitive Documents, or makes any affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies
thereunder, in each case which in the good faith and commercially reasonable judgement of the Portfolio Manager is not solely ministerial and clerical in nature, it will give prompt (and in any event, not later than three (3) Business
Days) notice thereof to the Administrative Agent. In any such event, the Company shall exercise all voting and other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise of such rights or remedies as the Portfolio Manager shall deem
appropriate under the circumstances; provided that any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification of the type specified in the definition of Material Amendment shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent
(and any such amendment supplement, waiver or other modification effected without such approval shall result in such Portfolio Investment being an Ineligible Investment); provided further, that if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, the Company will exercise all voting and other powers of ownership as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall instruct (it being understood that if the terms
of the related underlying instrument expressly prohibit or restrict any such rights given to the Administrative Agent, then such right shall be limited to the extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction is not violated). In any such
case, following the Companys receipt thereof, the Company shall promptly provide to the Administrative Agent copies of all executed amendments to Underlying Definitive Documents, executed waiver or consent forms or other documents executed or
delivered in connection with any Amendment. 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

If any of the
following events (Events of Default) shall occur: 

(a) (A) the Company shall fail to pay any amount owing by it in
respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other amounts) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise and solely in the
case of amounts other than principal and interest, (i) such failure continues for a period of two (2) Business Days following such failure, or (ii) in the case of a default in payment resulting solely from an administrative error or
omission by the Collateral Agent, such failure continues for a period of four (4) Business Days following such failure or (B) the Parent shall fail to pay any amount owing by it in respect of any equity commitment letter then outstanding
when and as the same shall become due and payable; 

(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company
or the Portfolio Manager or, for so long as the Initial Equity Commitment Letter remains outstanding, the Parent (collectively, the Credit Risk Parties) herein or in any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof
or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, or other document (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry information or information relating to third parties) furnished pursuant hereto or in
connection herewith or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the
Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute a failure) and, if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk
Party of written notice of such inaccuracy from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party otherwise becoming actually aware of such inaccuracy; 

73 

(c) (A) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or
agreement contained in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (vii), (xi), (xiv) or (xix), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h),(i), (l), (m), (o), (t),
(v), (w), (hh) or (ll), Section 8.02(b), (B) any Credit Risk Party shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or agreement contained herein (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio
Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute such a failure) or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause (B), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure
shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such
failure (or if such failure could not reasonably be expected to be cured within 30 days, such the Company commences and diligently pursues such cure and such failure is cured within 45 days) or (C) any Credit Risk Party shall fail to comply
with Section 6.02(kk) (including the payment of any amount in connection with the sale of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan to the extent required to comply with Section 6.02(kk)) and such failure shall continue for a period
of two (2) Business Days; provided that such failure shall not be deemed to be continuing if the Company enters into a binding commitment within such two (2) Business Day period to sell Revolving Loans or Delayed Funding Term Loans
in amount sufficient to comply with Section 6.02(kk) which sale shall settle no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after such commitment; 

(d) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization,
administration or other relief in respect of any Credit Risk Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect in any
jurisdiction or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official in any jurisdiction for any Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding
or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(e) any Credit Risk Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other
relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition
described in clause (d) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, or similar official for such Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets,
(iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the
foregoing; 

(f) any Credit Risk Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become
due; 

(g) the passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Company in respect of the winding up on a voluntary basis of the
Company; 

(h) any final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent
jurisdiction for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $1,000,000 (after giving effect to insurance, if any, available with respect thereto) shall be rendered against the Company, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired; 

(i) an ERISA Event
occurs; 

(j) a Change of Control occurs; 

(k) the Company or the pool of Collateral shall become required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the 1940
Act; 

74 

(l) [reserved]; 

(m) a LTV Default has occurred and is not remedied within either (i) one Business Day or (ii) in the event such LTV Default occurs
during a Market Value Cure Period, such Market Value Cure Period; or 

(n) (i) failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure
Account when required in accordance with Section 2.03(f) other than in the case that any Lender fails to make the Advance required in accordance with Section 2.03(f), (ii) failure of the Company to satisfy its obligations in
respect of unfunded obligations with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, which failure shall remain uncured for not less than five (5) Business Days or (iii) failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure
Account when required in accordance with Section 2.03(g); provided that the failure of the Company to undertake any action set forth in this clause (n)(i) or (n)(iii) is not remedied within two (2) Business Days;

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article), and at any
time thereafter in each case during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), take either or both of the following
actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Financing Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable
in whole (or in part, in which case any Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued
interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in
case of any event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon
and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS;
COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control. 

(a) Establishment and Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. The Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the
Securities Intermediary does hereby establish, each of the Collection Account, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, the MV Cure Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account (collectively, with any subaccount of such accounts, the Collateral
Accounts). The Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain the Collateral Accounts as a securities intermediary (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the
Collateral Agent under this Agreement. In the event any Collateral Account is re-characterized as a deposit account, the Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain such Collateral Account as a bank (within the meaning of
Section 9-102(a)(8) of the UCC) (in such capacity, the Bank), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement. The Securities Intermediary hereby certifies that it is a bank or
trust company that in the ordinary course of business maintains securities accounts and deposit accounts for others and in that capacity has established the Collateral Accounts. The Securities Intermediary shall have the right to open such
subaccounts of any such Collateral Accounts as it deems necessary or appropriate for convenience of administration of this Agreement, provided in each case that such subaccounts are subject to the terms of this Agreement (including this
Article VIII). 

75 

(b) Collateral Agent in Control of Collateral Accounts. Each of the parties hereto
hereby agrees that (1) each Collateral Account shall be deemed to be a securities account (within the meaning of Section 8-501(a) of the UCC, (2) all property credited to any Collateral Account shall be treated as a
financial asset for purposes of Article 8 of the UCC and (3) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent will be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each financial asset credited to each Collateral
Account. The parties hereto agree that the Securities Intermediary shall act only on entitlement orders or other instructions with respect to the Collateral Accounts originated by the Collateral Agent and no other Person (and without further consent
by any other Person); and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have exclusive control and the sole right of withdrawal over each Collateral Account. The only permitted withdrawals from the Collateral Accounts shall be
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

(c) Subordination of Lien, Etc. If the Securities Intermediary has or
subsequently obtains by agreement, operation of law or otherwise a security interest in any Collateral Account or any security entitlement credited thereto, the Securities Intermediary hereby agrees that such security interest shall be subordinate
to the security interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The property credited to any Collateral Account will not be subject to deduction, set-off, bankers lien, or any other right in favor of any Person other
than the Collateral Agent (except that the Securities Intermediary may set-off (1) all amounts due to the Securities Intermediary in respect of its customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and operation of the Collateral
Accounts, and (2) the face amount of any payments received by check, wire transfer, ACH or otherwise which have been credited to any Collateral Account but are subsequently returned unpaid because of uncollected or insufficient funds). 

(d) Property Registered, Indorsed, etc. to Securities Intermediary. All securities or other property represented by a certificated
security, promissory note or an instrument underlying any financial assets credited to any Collateral Account shall be registered in the name of the Securities Intermediary, indorsed to the Securities Intermediary in blank or credited to another
securities account maintained in the name of the Securities Intermediary, and in no case will any financial asset credited to any Collateral Account be registered in the name of the Company, payable to the order of the Company or specially indorsed
to the Company except to the extent the foregoing have been specially indorsed to the Securities Intermediary or in blank. 

(e)
Jurisdiction; Governing Law of Collateral Accounts. The establishment and maintenance of each Collateral Account and all interests, duties and obligations related thereto shall be governed by the law of the State of New York and the
securities intermediarys jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC) shall be the State of New York. As permitted by Article 4 of the Hague Convention on the Law
Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the Hague Convention), the parties hereto agree that the law of the State of New York shall govern each Securities Account and the issues specified
in Article 2(1) of the Hague Convention. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall be construed as an amendment to any other account agreement governing any securities account. Terms used in this Section 8.01 without
definition have the meanings given to them in the UCC. 

(f) No Duties. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Securities
Intermediary shall not have any additional duties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents other than those expressly set forth in this Section 8.01, and the Securities Intermediary shall satisfy those duties expressly set forth in
this Section 8.01 so long as it acts without gross negligence, fraud, reckless disregard or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Securities Intermediary shall

76 

not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, and the Securities Intermediary shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers. The
Securities Intermediary shall be subject to all of the rights, protections and immunities given to the Collateral Agent hereunder, including indemnities. In the event the Securities Intermediary receives instructions from the Company to effect a
securities transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.1, the Company acknowledges that upon its written request and at no additional cost, it has the right to receive the notification from the Securities Intermediary after the completion of such
transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.4(a) or (b). The Company agrees that, absent specific request, such notifications shall not be provided by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and in lieu of such notifications, the Securities Intermediary
shall make available periodic account statements in the manner required by this Agreement. 

(g) Ownership of Collateral Accounts; Tax
Forms. For the avoidance of doubt, each Collateral Account (including income, if any, earned on the investments of funds in such Collateral Account) will be owned by the Company, for federal income tax purposes. The Company is required to
provide to the Securities Intermediary (i) an IRS Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8 no later than the date of this Agreement, and (ii) any additional IRS forms (or updated versions of any previously submitted IRS forms) or other
documentation at such time or times required by Applicable Law or upon the reasonable request of the Securities Intermediary as may be necessary (x) to reduce or eliminate the imposition of U.S. withholding taxes and (y) to permit the
Securities Intermediary to fulfill its tax reporting obligations under Applicable Law with respect to the Collateral Accounts or any amounts paid to the Company. If any IRS form or other documentation previously delivered becomes obsolete or
inaccurate in any respect, the Company shall timely provide to the Securities Intermediary accurately updated and complete versions of such IRS forms or other documentation. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, both in
its individual capacity and in its capacity as Securities Intermediary, shall have no liability to the Company or any other person in connection with any tax withholding amounts paid or withheld from the Collateral Accounts pursuant to Applicable
Law arising from the Companys failure to timely provide an accurate, correct and complete IRS Form W-9 or an appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable, or such other documentation contemplated under this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, no
funds shall be invested with respect to such Collateral Accounts absent the Securities Intermediary having first received the IRS forms and other documentation required by this paragraph. 

(h) Investment of Funds on Deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. All amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be
invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Eligible Investments; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an
Event of Default or following a Market Value Event, all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested, reinvested and otherwise disposed of at the written direction of the Administrative Agent delivered to the Collateral
Agent. In the absence of any such written instruction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, all such amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall remain uninvested. Income
earned on such Eligible Investments shall be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account. 

(i) Unfunded Exposure
Account. 

(i) Amounts may be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account from time to time in accordance with
Section 4.05 and from funds otherwise available to the Company. Amounts shall also be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account as set forth in Section 2.03(f) and Section 2.03(g). 

77 

(ii) While no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market
Value Event has occurred and subject to satisfaction of the Borrowing Base Test (after giving effect to such release), the Portfolio Manager may direct, by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the
Collateral Administrator and which instruction shall be deemed to constitute a certification that the aforementioned conditions have been satisfied), the release of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account for the purpose of funding the
Companys unfunded commitments with respect to Delayed Funding Term Loans and Revolving Loans or for deposit into the Collection Account so long as no payment pursuant to Section 2.03(g) would be required after giving effect to the
withdrawal. Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) (with a copy
to the Collateral Administrator), the Securities Intermediary shall transfer all amounts in the Unfunded Exposure Account to the Collection Account to be applied pursuant to Section 4.05. Upon the direction of the Company by means of an
instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent), any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account in excess of outstanding funding
obligations of the Company shall be released to the Collection Account to prepay the outstanding Advances. 

SECTION 8.02. Collateral
Security; Pledge; Delivery. 

(a) Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of
all the Companys obligations to the Agents, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (collectively, the Secured Parties) under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (collectively, the
Secured Obligations), the Company hereby pledges and assigns to the Collateral Agent and grants a continuing security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in all of the Companys
right, title and interest in, to and under (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) all accounts, payment intangibles, general intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, instruments, deposit
accounts, letter-of-credit rights, investment property, and any and all other property of any type or nature owned by it (all of the property described in this clause (a) being collectively referred to herein as
Collateral), including, without limitation: (1) each Portfolio Investment, (2) all of the Companys interests in the Collateral Accounts and all investments, obligations and other property from time to time credited
thereto, (3) the Sale Agreement, any other Loan Document and all rights related to each such agreement, (4) all other property of the Company and (5) all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for, any
of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and products of any thereof. 

(b) Delivery and Other Perfection. In furtherance of the
collateral arrangements contemplated herein, the Company shall (1) Deliver to the Collateral Agent the Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Company; and (2) if any of the securities, monies or other property pledged by the
Company hereunder are received by the Company, forthwith take such action as is reasonably necessary to ensure the Collateral Agents continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or
other property to the Collateral Agent). 

(c) Remedies, Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall (but only if and to the extent directed in writing by the Required Lenders) do any of the following (and the Collateral Agent shall promptly notify the Company of any such instruction from the Required
Lenders, with any delay or failure to so notify the Company not affecting the validity or legality of any action taken or not taken by the Collateral Agent in accordance with this clause (c)): 

78 

(i) Exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to other rights and
remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may, without notice except as specified below, sell the
Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral Agents or its designees offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the
Collateral Agent or a designee of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) may deem commercially reasonable. The Company agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten
(10) calendar days prior notice to the Company of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make
any sale of the Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent or its designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without
further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned; 

(ii) Transfer all or any part of the
Collateral into the name of the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, as applicable, or a nominee thereof; 

(iii)
Enforce collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any
nature of any party with respect thereto; 

(iv) Endorse any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Companys name to
allow collection of the Collateral; 

(v) Take control of any proceeds of the Collateral; 

(vi) Execute (in the name, place and stead of any of the Company) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments
of conveyance or transfer with respect to all or any of the Collateral; and/or 

(vii) Perform such other acts as may be
reasonably required to do to protect the Collateral Agents or Administrative Agents rights and interest hereunder. 

(d)
Compliance with Restrictions. The Company and the Portfolio Manager agree that in any sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent or its designee are hereby authorized
to comply with any limitation or restriction in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is necessary in order to avoid any violation of Applicable Law (including compliance with such procedures as may restrict the number
of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective bidders and purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent and agree that they are purchasing for their
own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of such Collateral), or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any governmental regulatory authority or official, and the Company and
the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance shall not, in and of itself, result in such sale being considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Collateral Agent be liable or accountable
to the Company or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by the reason of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with any such limitation or restriction. 

(e) Private Sale. The Collateral Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at any
private sale pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Company and the Portfolio Manager hereby waive any claims against each Agent and Lender arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the
Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale. 

79 

(f) Collateral Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Company hereby appoints the
Collateral Agent as the Companys attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the
Company and in the name of the Company, from time to time in the Collateral Agents discretion (exercised at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be), after the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. The Company hereby
acknowledges, consents and agrees that the power of attorney granted pursuant to this clause is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is coupled with an interest. 

(g) Further Assurances. The Company covenants and agrees that, from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent (as directed
by the Administrative Agent), the Company will execute and deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and things as the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in order fully to effect the
purposes of this Agreement and to protect and preserve the priority and validity of the security interest granted hereunder or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral;
provided that no such document may alter the rights and protections afforded to the Company or the Portfolio Manager herein. 

(h)
Termination. Upon the payment in full of all Secured Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the security interest granted herein shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the
Collateral shall revert to the Company. Upon notice of any such termination by the Company, the Collateral Agent will, at the Companys direction and sole expense, deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities Intermediary to deliver, without
any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company or its
nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such termination. 

(i) Release of Security Interest upon
Disposition of Collateral. Upon any sale, transfer or other disposition of any Collateral (or portion thereof) that is permitted hereunder, the security interest granted hereunder in such Loan or other Collateral (or the portion thereof which
has been sold or otherwise disposed of) shall, immediately upon the sale or other disposition of such Loan or other Collateral (or such portion) and without any further action on the part of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, be
released. Upon any such release, the Collateral Agent will deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments
representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee such documents, in each case at the sole cost of the Company and as the Company shall reasonably
request to evidence such release. 

(j) Certain Uniform Commercial Code Terms. As used in this Section 8.02, the terms
Account, Chattel Paper, Commodity Account, Commodity Contract, Deposit Account, Document, Electronic Chattel Paper, General Intangible,
Instrument, Investment Property, Letter-of-Credit Right, Proceeds, Promissory Note and Tangible Chattel Paper have the respective meanings set forth in Article 9 of the NYUCC,
and the terms Certificated Security, Clearing Corporation, Entitlement Holder, Financial Asset, Indorsement, Securities Account, Securities Intermediary,
Security, Security Entitlement and Uncertificated Security have the respective meanings set forth in Article 8 of the NYUCC. 

80 

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.01.
Appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (each, an Agent and collectively, the
Agents) as its agent and authorizes such Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral hereunder, it being understood and agreed that all
powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties at the direction of the Administrative Agent. 

Each financial institution serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as
any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company as if it were not an
Agent hereunder. 

None of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall have any duties or obligations
except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) none of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Administrator shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties,
regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) none of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers,
except that the foregoing shall not limit any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to include such rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by (i) in the case of the
Collateral Agent (A) in respect of the exercise of remedies under Section 8.02(c), the Required Lenders, or (B) in all other cases, the Administrative Agent or (ii) in the case of any Agent, the Required Lenders (or such other
number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided herein), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, none of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any
duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company that is communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving in the capacity of such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any
capacity. None of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with the consent or at the request
or direction of (i) the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement or other Loan Documents or (ii) the Administrative Agent (in the case of the Collateral Administrator and the
Collateral Agent only) or the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action or forbearance). None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities
Intermediary shall be deemed to have actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any matter, including any Default, Event of Default, Market Value Event, Market Value Cure Failure or failure of the Borrowing Base Test unless and until a
Responsible Officer has received written notice thereof from the Company, a Lender or the Administrative Agent. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be responsible
for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in
connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, 

81 

(iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, value or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other agreement, instrument or document or the Collateral, or (v) the satisfaction
of any condition set forth herein, other than, in the case of the Administrative Agent, to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities
Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be required to risk or expend its own funds in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder if it reasonably believes it will not receive reimbursement therefor hereunder. Without
limitation to the immediately preceding sentence, none of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator nor the Securities Intermediary shall be required to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document if taking such action
(A) would subject such Person to Tax in any jurisdiction where it is not then subject to Tax or (B) would require such person to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified. 

Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for
relying upon (including as to the truth and correctness of the statements and opinions expressed therein), any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, direction, opinion, document, electronic communication or other writing
reasonably believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall
not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and
shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts selected with due care. 

In the event the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall receive conflicting instruction from the
Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, the instruction of the Required Lenders shall govern. None of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall have any duties or obligations under or in respect
of any other agreement (including any agreement that may be referenced herein) to which it is not a party nor shall the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent be chargeable with knowledge of any of the terms or
conditions of any such agreement. The grant of any permissive right or power to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary hereunder shall not be construed to impose a duty to act. The Collateral Agent may rely
upon instructions and information provided by (i) the Administrative Agent as if provided by the Required Lenders directly and (ii) the Portfolio Manager as of provided by the Company directly. 

It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Collateral Administrator nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, and shall
not be under any duty to monitor or determine, compliance with the Eligibility Criteria or the Concentration Limitations in any instance, to determine if the conditions of Deliver have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine
compliance by any other Person with the requirements of this Agreement. 

Each of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary and the
Collateral Administrator may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. None of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Administrator shall be
responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by such Agent with due care. Each of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator and any such sub-agent may perform any and
all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and its Affiliates (the Related Parties) for such Agent,
the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (or such other Person). The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of each Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (or such
other Person), as the case may be. 

82 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each
of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Administrative Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days notice to each other Agent, the Lenders, the Portfolio Manager, the Securities Intermediary and
the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days
after the retiring Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Administrative Agent, as applicable (each, a Retiring Agent), gives notice of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent may, on behalf
of the Lenders, appoint a successor (with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Company) which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial
institution. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and shall have accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the Retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, such Retiring Agent may petition a
court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor,
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Retiring Agent, and the Retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After the Retiring Agents
resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or
omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral
Agent and the Securities Intermediary may be removed at any time with 30 days notice by the Company (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent), with notice to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary, the Lenders and the Portfolio Manager. Upon any such removal, the Company shall have the right (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) to appoint a successor to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and/or
the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. If no successor to any such Person shall have been so appointed by the Company and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice of removal by the
Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable (each, a Removed Agent), then the Administrative Agent may appoint a successor (with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the consent of the Company) which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities
Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Removed Agent, and the Removed Agent shall be discharged from
its duties and obligations hereunder. After the Removed Agents removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Removed Agent, its sub-agents and their
respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

83 

Upon the request of the Company or the Administrative Agent or the successor agent, such
retiring or removed agent shall, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring or removed agent, and shall duly assign, transfer and
deliver to such successor agent all property and money held by such retiring or removed agent hereunder. Upon request of any such successor agent, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and
certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor agent all such rights, powers and trusts. 

Any Person into which any Agent, the
Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Person shall be a party, or any Person
succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of such Person shall be the successor of such Person hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper with any party hereto or any further act on the part of any of the
parties hereto. 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on
such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this
Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding, in no
event shall any Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential loss or damages (including lost profits), even if such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the
Securities Intermediary, as the case may be, has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

Each Agent,
the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of such Agent or the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, unless it shall be
conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Agent or the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any
certificate, statement, direction or opinion furnished to it in connection with this Agreement. 

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Collateral Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond, electronic communication or other document or
have any responsibility for preparing, filing or recording any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder. 

No Agent shall be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts include but are not
limited to acts of God, strikes, epidemics, pandemics, lockouts, riots and acts of war. In connection with any payment, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator are entitled to rely conclusively on any instructions provided to them by
the Administrative Agent. 

84 

Before the Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator acts or
refrains from acting, it may require, and may conclusively rely on, a certificate (which may be constituted by written directions provided in accordance with this Agreement) of an officer of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as
applicable. The Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such certificate, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad
faith on its part in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

The Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or
Collateral Administrator may, from time to time, request that the parties hereto deliver a certificate (upon which the Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) setting forth the names of
individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Agreement or any related document together with a specimen signature of such authorized officers and the Collateral Agent, Securities
Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the then current certificate until receipt of a superseding certificate, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on its part in each case as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from
time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering (Applicable Bank Law), the entity serving as Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or
Collateral Administrator is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with such entity. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator upon its reasonable request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent, the
Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator to comply with Applicable Bank Law, in each case, subject to confidentiality obligations. 

The rights, protections and immunities given to the Agents in this Section 9.01, Section 9.02(e) and Section 9.02(h) shall likewise be
available and applicable to the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. 

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating
to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator. 

(a) Collateral Agent May Perform. The Collateral Agent shall from
time to time take such action (at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders) for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein or any other exercise of
rights, remedies or discretionary actions hereunder and the Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Agent in writing to take any action incidental thereto; provided that with respect to actions which are incidental to the actions
specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or
refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the Administrative Agent; provided further that in each case the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take any such action in the absence of such direction and shall have no
obligation to comply with any such direction if it reasonably believes that the same (1) is contrary to Applicable Law or (2) is reasonably likely to subject the Collateral Agent to any loss, liability, cost or expense, unless the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be, issuing such instruction provides indemnification or otherwise make provision reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for payment of same (which provision may be payment of
such cost or expense by the Company in accordance with the Priority of Payments if such arrangement is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent). The Collateral Agent shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken
by it in accordance with such direction. In absence of such direction with respect to any action or inaction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such action unless and until the Collateral Agent shall have received such
direction, and the Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. 

85 

If, in performing its respective duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent, the
Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator, as applicable, is required to decide between alternative courses of action, such Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall request written instructions from
the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants
selected with due care in performing its respective duties hereunder. In exercising its rights over the Collateral Account set forth in Section 8.01(b), the Collateral Agent shall act in accordance with the instructions of the Administrative
Agent (in accordance with this Agreement). 

(b) Reasonable Care. The Collateral Agent is required to exercise reasonable care in the
custody and preservation of any of the Collateral in its possession; provided that (i) the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any of the Collateral if it takes such
action for that purpose as permitted by this Agreement and (ii) the Collateral Agent shall have failed to exercise reasonable care if it fails to comply with any request pursuant to this Agreement at any time. The Collateral Agent will not be
responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any liens thereon. 

(c) Collateral Agent Not Liable. Except to the extent arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable by reason of its compliance with the terms of this Agreement with respect to (1) the investment of funds held thereunder in Eligible Investments (other than for losses attributable to
the Collateral Agents failure to make payments on investments issued by the Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as collateral agent, in accordance with their terms) or (2) losses incurred as a result
of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment prior to its stated maturity. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for any act or omission of the Company, the Lenders party hereto, the Securities Intermediary, the Administrative Agent or any
other person, and absent written notice to a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent to the contrary, the Collateral Agent may assume that such person is in compliance with its obligations under this Agreement or any other document related to
this transaction. The Collateral Agent and its Affiliates shall be permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in such Agents economic self-interest for (1) serving as investment adviser, administrator,
shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Eligible Investments, (2) using Affiliates to effect transactions in certain Eligible Investments, and (3) effecting transactions in certain
investments. Such compensation shall not be considered an amount that is reimbursable or payable pursuant to this Agreement. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any
liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Portfolio Investments or other Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible or chargeable with knowledge of or responsible for any terms or conditions
contained in any Loan Document (or any other agreement) to which it is not a party. 

(d) Certain Rights and Obligations of the
Collateral Agent; Release. Without further consent or authorization from any Lenders, the Collateral Agent may execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of a sale or
other disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted or required hereunder or to which the Required Lenders have otherwise consented. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event of a
foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, any Agent or Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any 

86 

such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender in its individual capacity unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree), shall be
entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase
price for any Collateral payable by the purchaser at such sale. 

(e) Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral
Administrator Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator such fees as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the
Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager, may agree in writing, subject to the Priority of Payments. The Company further agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, or reimburse the
Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator for paying, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees and, in the case of the Securities Intermediary, expenses incurred by any
sub-agent, sub-custodian or bailee of the Securities Intermediary, in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the Priority of Payments. 

(f) Execution by the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral Agent, the
Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator are executing this Agreement solely in their capacity as Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator, respectively, hereunder and in no event shall have any
obligation to make any Advance, provide any Advance or monitor, track or perform any obligation of the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

(g)
Reports by the Collateral Administrator. The Company hereby appoints The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association as Collateral Administrator and directs the Collateral Administrator to prepare, commencing on the Effective
Date, the reports substantially in the form reasonably agreed by the Company, the Collateral Administrator and the Administrative Agent which shall include daily position and cash flow reports with respect to the Portfolio Investments. All
information reported with respect to (i) an individual Portfolio Investment related Eligible Currency and (ii) calculations, tests or other determinations requiring the aggregation of Portfolio Investments or other Collateral (or groups
thereof), such information shall be reported in U.S. Dollars based upon the Spot Rate. The Company and the Portfolio Manager shall cooperate with the Collateral Administrator in connection with the matters described herein, including calculations
relating to the reports contemplated herein or as otherwise reasonably requested hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager shall supply in a timely fashion any determinations, designations, classifications or
selections made by it relating to a Portfolio Investment, including in connection with the acquisition or disposition thereof, and any information maintained by it that the Collateral Administrator may from time to time reasonably request with
respect to the Portfolio Investment and reasonably need to complete the reports required to be prepared by the Collateral Administrator hereunder or reasonably required to permit the Collateral Administrator to perform its obligations hereunder. The
Collateral Administrator shall endeavor to deliver a draft of each such report to the Portfolio Manager and the Portfolio Manager shall review, verify and approve the contents of the aforesaid reports. To the extent any of the information in such
reports conflicts with data or calculations in the records of the Portfolio Manager, the Portfolio Manager shall notify the Collateral Administrator of such discrepancy and use reasonable efforts to assist the Collateral Administrator in reconciling
such discrepancy. Upon reasonable request by the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager further agrees to provide to the Collateral Administrator from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on a timely basis, any information
relating to the Portfolio Investments and any proposed purchases, sales or other dispositions thereof as to enable the Collateral Administrator to perform its duties hereunder. 

87 

(h) Information Provided to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator.
Without limiting the generality of any terms of this Section, neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative
Agent, the Company or the Required Lenders to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of
this Agreement, and, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the
Collateral Agents or Collateral Administrators, as applicable, part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of
any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any obligation to determine or calculate any Net Asset Value, the Borrowing Base Test, the Unfunded Exposure Amount, the
Unfunded Exposure Shortfall Amount, the Unfunded Exposure Equity Amount, any Market Value or the Traded Market Value, and shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon such amounts as reported by the Company, Portfolio Manager or the Administrative
Agent. The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon information provided by the Administrative Agent with respect to the determination of all interest, fees, expenses and other amounts due and
payable to the Lenders and the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate and any Base Rate. Delivery of reports or information, other than such reports or documents directly addressed to the Collateral Agent, or expressly required to be delivered
by the Collateral Agent (if prepared by the Collateral Agent acting in such capacity), shall not constitute constructive knowledge or notice of any condition without formal notice. 

None of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be under any obligation to monitor, determine or verify the
unavailability or cessation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or any applicable Base Rate). None of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to
perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or any applicable Base Rate), including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other
transaction party, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. 

(i) Foreign Exchange Transactions. If the Collateral Agent receives an instruction to effect any foreign exchange transactions (which
instruction shall be given at least one Business Day prior to such conversion date), or cannot comply with instructions without effecting foreign exchange transactions, the Collateral Agent is authorized to enter into spot foreign exchange
transactions (FX Transactions) with the Company in connection with the Accounts and may provide such foreign exchange services to the Company themselves or through any BNYM Affiliates. The Collateral Agent may convert currency
itself or through any BNYM Affiliate and, in those cases, the Collateral Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant BNYM Affiliate through which currency is converted acts as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker or
fiduciary on behalf of any other person and may earn revenue, including, without limitation, transaction spreads and sales margin, that it will retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other things, the difference between the
exchange rate assigned to the FX Transaction made under this Agreement and the rate that the Collateral Agent or any BNYM Affiliate receives when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account. The Collateral Agent or the relevant BNYM
Affiliate makes no representation that the exchange rate used or obtained for any FX Transaction under this Agreement will be the most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or as to the method by which that rate will be determined. The
Collateral Agent or the relevant BNYM Affiliate may establish rules or limitations concerning any foreign exchange facility made available to the Company. Any such FX Transactions will be subject to terms and conditions (the FX
Terms) separately disclosed. In addition, the Collateral Agent may transmit any FX Transaction to a sub- custodian or depository or as otherwise 

88 

agreed between the Company and the Collateral Agent. In such cases, the relevant FX Transaction may not be processed and priced as described in the FX Terms. The Collateral Agent may rely
conclusively on the bases for the prevailing market rate and shall not be held liable for any associated losses (including without limitation any losses incurred on account of the difference between an indicative market rate quoted by the Collateral
Agent and the actual market rate prevailing in respect of an executed trade); and the Collateral Agent may retain for its own account any fees and spread on foreign exchange transactions customarily charged by the Collateral Agent in connection with
any foreign exchange transaction(s) settled pursuant to this Agreement. For the purposes for this clause (i), BNYM Affiliate means any subsidiary, affiliate or other related body corporate of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and
which shall exclude any third party affiliates or other entities of whatever description which are not part of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation group of companies. 

SECTION 9.03. Acknowledgements of the Lenders. 

(a) Each Secured Party hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Secured Party that the Administrative Agent
has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Secured Party from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually
and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Secured Party (whether or not known to such Secured Party), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Secured Party shall promptly, but in
no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each
day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Secured Party shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the
Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense
based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Secured Party under this Section 9.03 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Each Secured Party hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates
(i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or
(ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Secured Party agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise
becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Secured Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later
than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and
including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

89 

(c) The parties hereto hereby agree that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or
portion thereof) are not recovered from any Secured Party that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Secured Party with respect to such amount and
(y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Company, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is,
comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Company for the purpose of making such Payment. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall this Section 9.03 or the making of any erroneous Payment, or any fees, costs
and expenses of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates incurred in connection with any recovery or attempted recovery thereof, modify or be interpreted to modify or accelerate the due date for, or have the effect of modifying or
accelerating the due date for, any Secured Obligations of the Company relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Secured Obligations that would have been payable had such erroneous Payment not occurred. 

(d) Each partys obligations under this Section 9.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent
or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, any Secured Party, the termination of the Financing Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

SECTION 9.04. Notices. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required
Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such
manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the
Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled
to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets
on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the
equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition
vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Secured Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under
this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided
that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall
provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination
of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.05 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall
be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Secured Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any
such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Secured Obligations that are assigned
to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured 

90 

Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Secured Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be
reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Secured Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Secured Obligations shall automatically be
cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Secured Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or
vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments
issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by such credit bid. 

SECTION 9.05. Certain ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such
Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules) with respect to such
Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments or this Agreement; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable, and all of
the conditions for exemptive relief are satisfied, with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement; 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this
Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and
(D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the
Financing Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in
writing between the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Company, provided that the Companys consent may not be unreasonably withheld. 

91 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is
true with respect to a Lender or a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of each Agent and their respective Affiliates,
and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager, that none of the Agents or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender
involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the
Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(c) Each Agent hereby informs
the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions
contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Advances, the Financing Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it
extended the Advances or the Financing Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Advances or the Financing Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent
fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or
fees similar to the foregoing. 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01.
Non-Petition; Limited Recourse. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager and the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the
Required Lenders) hereby agrees not to commence, or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of the Company or any similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one
year and one day (or if longer, any applicable preference period plus one day) after the payment in full of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions are a material inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this
Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or the Company may seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, winding-up,
liquidation or similar proceedings. The Company shall promptly object to the institution of any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps
to cause the dismissal of any such proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this Section 10.01 shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take
any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described in this Section that was instituted by the Company or against the Company by any Person other than a party hereto. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company or the Portfolio
Manager contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of
such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is solely a corporate obligation of the Company and
(solely with respect to the express obligations of the Portfolio Manager hereunder) the 

92 

Portfolio Manager and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the
Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained in this
Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by the Company or the Portfolio Manager of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation,
of every such incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.02. Notices. All notices and other communications in respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications
hereof, or requests, waivers or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic messaging system of .pdf or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the
addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule (or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to each other party hereto). All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to
have been duly given when (a) transmitted by facsimile, (b) personally delivered, (c) in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt, or (d) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or any other
electronic messaging system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid. 

Each of the Collateral Agent, Collateral
Administrator and Securities Intermediary, (collectively BNYM) shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given pursuant to this Agreement or
any other Loan Document and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company and the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, shall provide to BNYM an incumbency certificate listing and the Administrative Agent shall provide to BNYM a
list, in each case, of officers with authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers) and the incumbency certificate shall contain specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate or list,
as applicable, shall be amended by the Company, Administrative Agent and Portfolio Manager as applicable, whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company, Administrative Agent or Portfolio Manager, as applicable, elects
to give BNYM Instructions using Electronic Means and BNYM in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, BNYMs understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company, Administrative Agent and Portfolio Manager
each understands and agrees that BNYM cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that BNYM shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency
certificate or list, as applicable, provided to BNYM have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company, Administrative Agent and Portfolio Manager shall each be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions
to BNYM and that the Company, Administrative Agent and Portfolio Manager and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys
upon receipt by the Company, Administrative Agent or Portfolio Manager as applicable. BNYM shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from BNYMs reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions
notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company, Administrative Agent and Portfolio Manager each agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to
submit Instructions to BNYM, including without limitation the risk of BNYM acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated
with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to BNYM and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company, Administrative Agent and Portfolio Manager as applicable;
(iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify BNYM immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, facsimile transmission, secure electronic
transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by BNYM, or another method or system specified by BNYM as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. 

93 

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver. No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and
no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff. 

(a) The Company shall pay (1) all fees and reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and their Related Parties, including the fees, charges and
disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, and such other local counsel as required for the Agents, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, collectively, in
connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be
consummated) (including due diligence with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby) and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the
Lenders, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator and such other local counsel as may be required for all of them, and, in the case of the Collateral
Agent and the Securities Intermediary, expenses incurred by any sub-agent, sub-custodian or bailee of the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary, in connection herewith, including the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection
with this Agreement, including their rights under this Section, or in connection with the Advances provided by them hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or
negotiations in respect of such Advances. 

(b) The Company shall indemnify the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities
Intermediary, the Lenders and their Related Parties (each such Person being called an Indemnitee), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Indemnitee and such other local counsel as required for any Indemnitees, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of
(1) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations (including, without limitation, any breach of
any representation or warranty made by the Company or the Portfolio Manager hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any limitation included in any such representation or warranty relating to materiality or causing a Material
Adverse Effect)) or the exercise or enforcement of the parties thereto of their respective rights (including, without limitation, the approval or disapproval by the Administrative Agent of the acquisition of any Portfolio Investment in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement) or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (2) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, or (3) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating
to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any
Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith,
fraud or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or its officers, directors or employees. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

94 

(c) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Company nor any Indemnitee shall
assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against the Company or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (including but not limited to lost profit) arising out of, in
connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. 

(d) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and
from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to
or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under
this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 

(e) This Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties
hereunder. 

SECTION 10.05. Amendments. Subject to Section 3.01(h)(ii), no amendment, modification or waiver in respect
of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including, without limitation, a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission or electronic mail) and executed by each of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator,
the Required Lenders, the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided however that the Administrative Agent may waive any of the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements set forth in Schedule 3 or Schedule 4 in its sole discretion;
provided further that none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be required to execute any amendment that affects its rights, duties, protections or immunities; provided further
that any Material Amendment shall require the prior written consent of each Lender affected thereby; provided further that (i) the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Company only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement
or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), so long as such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or
the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice (which may be by electronic mail) thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the
Lenders, a written notice (which may be by electronic mail) from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment and (ii) the Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the Required Lenders), in its sole and
absolute discretion, consent to any action or omission as set forth in this Agreement and may grant waivers, concessions and other indulgences in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or
consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that
(x) the Financing Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender; and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by
its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

95 

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted
assignment or transfer by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and the Portfolio Manager may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative
Agent. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Subject to the conditions set forth below, any Lender may assign to any other Person, all or a portion of its rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, it being understood that it shall
not be unreasonable for the Company to withhold consent to an assignment to a Competitor) of the Administrative Agent and the Company; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Financing
Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (or any Affiliate thereof) immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment; provided, further, that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to any Person (including a
Competitor) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event. 

Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) [reserved]; (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an
assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; and (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assignment and assumption
agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof below, from and after
the effective date specified in each assignment and assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this
Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment and assumption covering all of
the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto as a Lender but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 5.03 and 10.04). 

The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each
assignment and assumption delivered to it and the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the parties hereto shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as
a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Lender and the Portfolio Manager, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon
reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed assignment and assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and assumption and record the information contained
therein in the Register. 

96 

(c) Any Lender may sell participations to one or more banks, broker-dealers, insurance
companies or other entities (a Lender Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances owing to it);
provided that (1) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (2) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (3) the Company,
the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, (4) other than following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, no participation may be sold to a Competitor without the prior written consent of the Company, and (5) other than following the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent has consented to the sale of such participation (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that
such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Lender Participant, agree to any Material Amendment that affects such Lender Participant. 

(d) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participants interest in the Advances or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant
Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant or any information relating to a Lender Participants
interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other
obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or any successor provision. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as
Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. The Company agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03 (subject to the requirements and
limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the participation)) to the same extent as if
it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) relating to
replacement of Lenders as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03, with respect to any
participation, than the Lender that sells the participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Lender Participant acquired the
applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the replacement of Lenders provisions set forth in Section
3.01(f) with respect to any Lender Participant. 

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

97 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this
Agreement (collectively, Proceedings) shall be tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City. With respect to any Proceedings,
each party hereto irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives any objection which it
may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings,
that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts
of any place where such party or any of its assets may be found or located, nor will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 

(c) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON BEHALF OF THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable
to any Advance, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum
Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder, together with all Charges
payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section
10.08 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the
Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act. Each
Lender and Agent that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies the Company, which information includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender or Agent to identify the Company in accordance with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation. 

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts; Severability. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by facsimile
or other written form of communication or electronic transmission (including .pdf file, .jpeg file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, including Orbit, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform
identified by the
BorrowersCompany and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Agent or Collateral Administrator), each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears
thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. The words delivery, execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this
Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually
executed signature, to the extent and as provided for in any 

98 

Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on
the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. In the event that any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or
obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be
considered signed or executed by such authorized officer on behalf of the applicable Person. None of the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary shall have any duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or
authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 

SECTION 10.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are
not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any
Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down
and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a)
the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(1) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(3) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 10.13.
Confidentiality. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its
Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors to the extent such Information is disclosed to such persons on a need to know basis (it being understood that the Persons
to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory
authority); provided, that such regulatory authority and self-regulatory authority shall have jurisdiction over such Person, (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, in which
case such Person agrees to inform the Company to the extent permitted by law, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, the 

99 

sale of any Portfolio Investment following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of
rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.13, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in,
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (other than any assignee to whom the Company has declined consent to the assignment thereto (to the extent such consent is otherwise required)), or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty
(or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Company and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company, (viii) to the extent such Information (ix) becomes publicly available other than as a result
of a breach of this Section 10.13 by the delivering party or its Affiliates or (y) becomes available to any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other
than the Company or (ix) to the extent permitted or required under this Agreement or the Account Control Agreement. Notwithstanding the forgoing, in no event shall any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any
Lender share any information with a Competitor except as a potential assignee or participant in accordance with Section 10.06. For the purposes of this Section 10.13, any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information
as provided in this Section 10.13 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its
own confidential information. 

[remainder of page intentionally blank] 

100 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

Company

SCI BDC SPV I LLC, as Company

By:

Title:

Portfolio Manager

SENIOR CREDIT INVESTMENTS, LLC, as the Portfolio Manager

By:

Title:

Administrative Agent

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By 

Name:

Title:

Collateral Agent

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By 

Name:

Title:

Collateral Administrator

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator

By 

Name:

Title:

Securities Intermediary

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Securities Intermediary

By 

Name:

Title:

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By 

Name:

Title:

SCHEDULE 1 

Transaction Schedule 

1. Types of Financing Available Financing Limit

Advances Yes 

On and after the Effective Date and prior to the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date and prior to a Financing Commitment Increase
Date: $200,000,000;

On and after thea Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date but without giving effect to a Financing Commitment Increase Date:, up to $400,000,000 as determined in accordance with the Financing Commitment
Scheduled Increase definition;

On and after a Financing Commitment
Increase Date, if any, following the Effective Date: (a) either (i) $200,000,000 (if before the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date) or (ii) up to
$400,000,000 (if after theas determined in accordance with the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase definition
(if after a Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date), plus (b) additional amounts (not to exceed $100,000,000) approved pursuant to Section 2.06 (being Increased Financing Commitments);

(in each case, subject to the requirements of Section
2.05(7)).

2. Lenders Financing Commitment

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 

Prior to the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date and any Financing Commitment Increase Date: $200,000,000 (being the
Initial Financing Commitment);

On and after
thea Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date but without giving effect to a Financing Commitment Increase
Date:, up to $400,000,000 as
determined in accordance with the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase definition;

On and after a Financing Commitment Increase Date, if any, as approved by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.06,

in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section
4.07.

3. Scheduled Termination Date: 

With respect to the Initial Financing Commitment, the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase and any Increased Financing Commitments, the date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective DateDecember 7, 2029;

With respect to any Extended Financing Commitment, the Scheduled Termination Date
thereof as determined pursuant to Section 2.08;

4. Interest Rates 

Applicable Margin for Advances: 

With respect to interest based on the Term SOFR Rate,
2.702.15% per annum (subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b));

With respect to interest based on the Base Rate,
1.701.15% per annum (subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

5. Account Numbers 

Collection Account: 

[***]

MV Cure Account: 

[***] 

Unfunded Exposure Account: 

[***] 

Permitted Non-USD Currency Account: To be established at a later date with the Bank at the direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf)

6. Market Value Trigger: On any date of determination, the applicable AR plus 8.00%

7. Purchases of Restricted Securities 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Portfolio Investment may constitute, at the time of initial purchase, a Restricted Security. As used herein, Restricted Security means any security
that forms part of a new issue of publicly or privately issued securities (a) with respect to which an Affiliate of any Lender that is a broker or a dealer, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
participated in the distribution as a member of a selling syndicate or group within 30 days of the proposed purchase by the Company and (b) which the Company proposes to purchase from any such Affiliate of any Lender.

Addresses for
Notices

The Company: 

[***] 

[***]

The Portfolio Manager: 

[***] 

[***]

The Administrative Agent: 

[***] 

[***]

with a copy to 

[***] 

[***]

The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Bank and the Collateral Administrator: 

[***] 

JPMCB: 

[***] 

[***]

with a copy to:

[***] 

[***]

Each other Lender: The address (or facsimile number or electronic mail address) provided by it to the Administrative Agent. 

SCHEDULE 3 

Eligibility Criteria

1. 

Such obligation is a Loan (including any Delayed Funding Term Loan, Revolving Loan, Senior Secured Loan or
Second Lien Loan) and is not (i) a security (including a Synthetic Security, a Zero-Coupon Security, a Structured Finance Obligation, a Participation Interest, a Mezzanine Obligation or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other unsecured
obligation of a Portfolio Investment Obligor), or (ii) a letter of credit or an interest therein. 

2. 

Such obligation does not require the making of any future advance or payment by the Company to the issuer
thereof or any related counterparty (other than unmatured contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) except in connection with a Delayed Funding Term Loan or a Revolving Loan in each case, denominated in an Eligible Currency.

3. 

Such obligation is (i) eligible to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Company and pledged to the
Collateral Agent, in each case denominated in an Eligible Currency and (ii) able to be sold by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or their respective designees, including following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Market
Value Event and, to the extent there is an express prohibition (other than customary transfer restrictions) on the pledging or transfer of such obligation, a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member, board of directors or any
similar governing body of the Portfolio Investment Obligor authorizing and consenting to the pledge or transfer of such obligation shall have been obtained. 

4. 

Such obligation is purchased at a price that is at least 80% of the par amount of such obligation.

5. 

Such obligation is denominated and payable in an Eligible Currency and is issued by a Portfolio Investment
Obligor organized in an Eligible Jurisdiction. 

6. 

It is an obligation upon which no payments are subject to deduction or withholding for or on account of any
withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction unless the related Portfolio Investment Obligor is required to make gross-up payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding Taxes (subject to customary conditions to such
payments which the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Company) in its good faith reasonable judgment expects to be satisfied). 

7. 

Such obligation is not subject to an event of default (as defined in the underlying instruments for such
obligation) in accordance with its terms (including the terms of its underlying instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the related loan agreement, but not to exceed five (5) Business Days) and no
Indebtedness of the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereon ranking pari passu with or senior to such obligation is in default with respect to the payment of principal or interest or is subject to any other event of default that would trigger a default
under the related loan agreement (after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the related loan agreement, but not to exceed five (5) Business Days). 

8. 

The timely repayment of such obligation is not subject to non-credit-related risk as determined by the
Portfolio Manager in its good faith and reasonable judgment. 

9. 

It is not at the time of purchase or commitment to purchase the subject of an offer other than an offer
pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation in exchange for consideration consisting solely of cash in an amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of such debt obligation plus any accrued and unpaid
interest. 

10. 

Such obligation is not an Equity Security and does not provide, on the date of acquisition, for conversion or
exchange at any time over its life into an Equity Security. 

11. 

Such obligation either (i) provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash at least
semi-annually or (ii) provides for a portion of the interest thereon to be paid in kind, in which case such obligation provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash at least semi-annually with an applicable Effective Interest Rate
of at least the greater of (x) 50.00% of the applicable Effective Interest Rate and (y) the floating interest rate component of the Effective Interest Rate plus 2.752.00% per annum (any such obligation under this clause (ii), a Partial PIK Portfolio Investment). As used herein, Effective Interest
Rate means, in respect of an obligation or Portfolio Investment, the effective interest rate for such obligation or Portfolio Investment, taking into account any fixed interest rate component, any floating interest rate component and any
applicable interest rate margin (in each case, however defined). 

12. 

Such obligation will not cause the Company or the pool of Collateral to be required to register as an
investment company under the 1940 Act. 

13. 

The Portfolio Investment has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent. 

14. 

In the case of a Portfolio Investment that is a Loan, (i) the Administrative Agent is an Eligible
Assignee (as such term, or comparable term, is defined in the documents evidencing such Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio Investment is otherwise permitted to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Administrative Agent and
(ii) if the administrative agent with respect to such Portfolio Investment is an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager, the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an assignment agreement duly executed by the administrative agent
in respect of such Portfolio Investment, naming the Administrative Agent as assignee. 

15. 

Such Portfolio Investment does not constitute an ARR Portfolio Investment. 

16. 

The Portfolio Investment Obligor has an LTM EBITDA of U.S. $40,000,000 or greater. 

SCHEDULE 4 

Concentration Limitations

The Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied on any date of determination if, in the aggregate, the Portfolio
Investments (other than any Ineligible Investments) owned (or in relation to a proposed purchase of a Portfolio Investment, proposed to be owned) by the Company comply with all the requirements set forth below: 

1. 

Portfolio Investments issued by a single Portfolio Investment Obligor and its affiliates may not exceed (a) prior to a Permitted Securitization, (i) during the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the date that is three (3) months after
the Effective Date, 13.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount, (ii) during the period beginning on the date that is three (3) months and one (1) day after the Effective Date and ending on the date that is six (6) months after the
Effective Date, 10.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount, (iii) during the period beginning on the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day after the Effective Date Effective Date and ending on the date that is twelve
(12) months after the Effective Date, 8.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount, and (iv) thereafter, 4.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount (provided that Portfolio Investments comprising Senior Secured Loans (which, for the
purposes of this clause shall include unitranche Loans and exclude any Second Lien Loans or First Lien Last Out Loans, in each case as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) issued by up to three (3) Portfolio Investment
Obligors and their respective affiliates may each constitute up to an aggregate principal balance equal to 7.50% of the Collateral Principal
Amount). and (b) on and after a Permitted Securitization, (i) subject to clause (ii), during the period beginning
on the date of such Permitted Securitization and ending on the date that is six (6) months after the date of such Permitted Securitization, 8.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount, and (ii) thereafter (or at any time prior to the six
(6) month anniversary of the date of such Permitted Securitization if the Company elects by written notice to the Administrative Agent), 4.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount (provided that Portfolio Investments comprising Senior Secured
Loans (which, for the purposes of this clause shall include unitranche Loans and exclude any Second Lien Loans or First Lien Last Out Loans, in each case as determined
by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) issued by up to
three (3) Portfolio Investment Obligors and their respective affiliates may each constitute up to an aggregate principal balance equal to 7.50% of the Collateral Principal Amount) (the Single Issuer Concentration Limit).

2. 

Not less than 90.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Loans (which, for the
purposes of this clause shall include unitranche Loans and exclude any Second Lien Loans or First Lien Last Out Loans, in each case as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and cash and Eligible Investments on deposit in the
Collection Account as Principal Proceeds; provided, that on and from the two (2) year anniversary of the Effective Date the Company may, by notification to the Administrative Agent in writing, irrevocably amend the minimum floor
requirement in this Concentration Limitation from 90% to 80% (the Concentration Limitations Election). 

3. 

Not more than 10.00% (or, following the Concentration Limitations Election, 20.00%) of the Collateral Principal
Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are First Lien Last Out Loans or Second Lien Loans. 

4. 

Portfolio Investments issued by Portfolio Investment Obligors and their affiliates domiciled in (x) the
United States of America may not be less than 90% of the Collateral Principal Amount or (y) any Eligible Jurisdiction other than the United States of America may constitute up to 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount. 

5. 

Not more than 20.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are issued by
Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to the same Moodys Industry Classification; provided that Portfolio Investments that are issued by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to the Moodys Industry Classifications set
forth in rows 15, 16 and/or 23 may each constitute up to 25.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount; provided further that, during the first four (4) months following
either (i) the Effective Date or (ii) the occurrence of a Permitted
Securitization, Portfolio Investments that are issued by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to one only of the Moodys Industry Classifications set forth in rows 15, 16 or 23 may constitute up to 30.00% of the Collateral
Principal Amount. As used herein, Moodys Industry Classifications means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 6 hereto, as applicable, which classification (x) shall be determined by the Portfolio Manager
(with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Purchase Date for the applicable Portfolio Investment and (y) shall be updated, upon reasonable prior notice to the Portfolio Manager if Moodys
publishes revised industry classifications. 

6. 

Not more than 25.00% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments with a Net
Leverage Ratio of over 7.00:1.00 (measured on a quarterly basis). 

7. 

Not less than 90% of the Collateral Principal Amount may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and not more than 10%
of the Collateral Principal Amount may be denominated in all Permitted Non-USD Currencies in the aggregate; provided that, (i) not more than 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may be denominated in any one Permitted Non-USD Currency.

8. 

Not more than 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Partial PIK Portfolio Investments and not
more than 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Partial PIK Portfolio Investments where a portion of the interest thereon is actually being paid in kind rather than in cash.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ck0001959568-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0001959568-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0001959568-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g903155dsp19.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001959568

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity Registrant Name Senior Credit Investments, LLC

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 814-01685

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-1313185

Entity Address, Address Line One 520 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 12th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 284-3474

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.jefferies.com//20241231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0001959568-20241231.xsd 
ck0001959568-20241231_lab.xml 
ck0001959568-20241231_pre.xml 
d903155d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-002364-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d903155d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001959568 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

false 
0001959568 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
Senior Credit Investments, LLC 
DE 
814-01685 
92-1313185 
520 Madison Avenue 
12th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
(212) 
284-3474 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>