<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-009694.txt : 20250320
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-009694.hdr.sgml : 20250320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320162730
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-009694
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				862759890
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40931
		FILM NUMBER:		25756846

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		595 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(845) 579-5992

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		595 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20045926_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false12-31000185602800018560282025-03-142025-03-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):March 14, 2025

Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-40931

86-2759890

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

595 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York,
New York 

10022

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212) 967-5294

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

SDIG

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

As previously reported, on August 21, 2024, Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the Initial Merger Agreement and, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Initial Merger Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2024, the Merger Agreement) by and among the Company, Bitfarms Ltd., a corporation organized under the
Business Corporations Act (Ontario) (Bitfarms), Backbone Mining Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Bitfarms (BMS), HPC & AI Megacorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct,
wholly owned subsidiary of BMS (Merger Sub). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, on March 14, 2025, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a
wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Bitfarms (the Surviving Corporation). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Initial Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1, as amended by
Amendment No. 1 to the Initial Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2.

At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the
Company Class A Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive 2.520 common shares of Bitfarms, without par value (Bitfarms Common Shares), and each issued and outstanding
share of Class V common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Company Class V Common Stock and, together with the Company Class A Common Stock, the Company Common Stock) was automatically cancelled and ceased to exist. Any holder
of Company Class A Common Stock who was otherwise entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Bitfarms Common Shares pursuant to the Merger (after taking into account all the Company Class A Common Stock held immediately prior to the Effective
Time by such holder) received in lieu thereof an amount of cash, without interest, equal to such fraction of a share of Bitfarms Common Shares multiplied by the closing price per share of Bitfarms Common Shares on the Business Day immediately prior
to the Effective Time.

Immediately prior to the Effective Time, (1) each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series C Preferred Stock)
issued and outstanding as of such time converted into 250 shares of Company Class A Common Stock in accordance with the Certificate of Designations of the Series C Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware,
effective February 20, 2023, and all shares of Series C Preferred Stock ceased to exist, and (2) pursuant to Section 3.6(q) of the Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Stronghold Digital Mining Holdings LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (Company Holdco), the Company required each member of Company Holdco (other than the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries) to exchange all of the issued and outstanding Company Holdco Units held by such member,
together with the surrender for cancellation of a corresponding number of shares of Company Class V Common Stock, for a corresponding number of shares of Company Class A Common Stock, resulting in zero Company Class V Common Stock issued and
outstanding thereafter.

At the Effective Time, each Company restricted stock unit award that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and granted prior to
August 21, 2024 vested in full, and each Company restricted stock unit was treated as a share of Company Class A Common Stock for all purposes of the Merger Agreement, including the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration. 
Additionally, at the Effective Time, each Company restricted stock unit award that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and granted during the interim period between August 21, 2024 and March 14, 2025, was automatically converted
into a Bitfarms restricted stock unit award on substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such restricted stock unit award as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that the number of shares of Bitfarms Common
Shares subject to such Bitfarms restricted stock unit award equaled the number of shares of Company Class A Common Stock subject to such Company restricted stock unit award multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. Further, at the Effective Time, (1) each
outstanding vested or unvested compensatory option to purchase shares of Company Class A Common Stock (each, a Company Option), other than any such option held by a former employee or former non-employee director of, or other service provider to,
the Company or its subsidiaries (each, a Former Employee Option), was automatically converted into an option to acquire Bitfarms Common Shares (each, a Bitfarms Option) on substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such
Company Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that (a) the number of shares of Bitfarms Common Shares subject to such Bitfarms Option equaled the number of shares of Company Class A Common Stock underlying the Company Option
multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, and (b) the exercise price of each Bitfarms Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Bitfarms Option equaled the exercise price per share of the Company Class A Common Stock under such Company Option divided
by the Exchange Ratio, and (2) each Former Employee Option was automatically cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Bitfarms Common Shares equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Company Class A Common
Stock subject to such Former Employee Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and (y) (i) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration Value (as defined herein) over the exercise price per share of Company Class A Common Stock
applicable to such Former Employee Option, divided by (ii) the Exchange Ratio multiplied by the volume-weighted average price of a share of Bitfarms Common Shares reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) for the five consecutive trading
day period ending on the trading day immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Merger Consideration Value).

2

At the Effective Time, in accordance with the terms of each outstanding and unexercised warrant to purchase shares of Company Class A Common Stock (each, a Company Warrant), except as otherwise
mutually agreed by the holder of any Company Warrant and Bitfarms, each Company Warrant was converted into a warrant to acquire shares of Bitfarms Common Shares (each, a Bitfarms Warrant) on substantially the same terms and conditions as were
applicable to such Company Warrant as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. The number of shares of Bitfarms Common Shares subject to such Bitfarms Warrant was the number of shares of Company Class A Common Stock underlying the Company
Warrant multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, and the exercise price of each Bitfarms Common Shares under such Bitfarms Warrant was the exercise price of the Company Class A Common Stock under such Company Warrant divided by the Exchange Ratio.

The issuance of Bitfarms Common Shares in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities
Act) pursuant to Bitfarms registration statement on Form F-4, as amended (File No. 333-282657), which was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 28, 2025.

The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, is a summary only, does not purport to be
complete, and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Initial Merger Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to the Initial Merger Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and Exhibit 2.2 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and are incorporated by reference into this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The events described in this Current Report on Form 8-K took place in connection with the completion of the Merger.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, on March 14, 2025, the Company terminated all outstanding lender commitments, including under (i)
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2022 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2023, and the Third Amendment to Credit
Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2024), by and among the Company, WhiteHawk Capital Partners LP, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties and lenders party thereto from time to time (as amended, the Credit Agreement),
and (ii) that certain Promissory Note, dated as of March 28, 2023, by and between Company Holdco and Bruce-Merrilees Electric Co (as amended, the B&M Note). In connection with the termination of the Credit Agreement and the B&M Note, on
March 14, 2025, all outstanding obligations for principal, interest and fees under the Credit Agreement and B&M Note were paid off in full, and all liens securing such obligations were released.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

Prior to the completion of the Merger, shares of Company Class A Common Stock were listed and traded on Nasdaq under the trading symbol SDIG. In
connection with the completion of the Merger, the Company notified Nasdaq that the Merger had occurred and requested that Nasdaq withdraw the listing of the Company Class A Common Stock prior to the opening of the market on March 17, 2025. Upon the
Companys request, Nasdaq filed a notification of removal from listing on Form 25 with the SEC with respect to the delisting of the Company Class A Common Stock and the deregistration of the Company Class A Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The Company Class A Common Stock ceased being traded prior to the opening of the market on March 17, 2025, and is no longer listed on Nasdaq.

In addition, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 requesting that the reporting obligations of the Company under Sections 13 and 15(d)
of the Exchange Act be suspended and that the registration of Company Class A Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act be terminated.

3

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 1.02, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form
8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

At the Effective Time, each holder of shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a
shareholder of the Company other than the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is
incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, at the Effective Time, a change in control of the Company occurred and the Company became a wholly
owned, indirect subsidiary of Bitfarms.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers. 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, Gregory A. Beard, Indira Agarwal, Thomas Doherty, Sarah P. James, Thomas J. Pacchia, and Thomas R.
Trowbridge, IV, such members comprising all of the directors of the Company prior to the Effective Time, resigned as directors of the Company effective as of the Effective Time. None of these resignations were a result of any disagreement with the
Company, its management or its board of directors.

Also effective as of the Effective Time, each officer of the Company ceased his or her respective service as an officer of the Company.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of the Company, as the
Surviving Corporation, was amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Additionally, the bylaws of the Company, as the Surviving Corporation, were amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit 3.2 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

The foregoing disclosures are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 of this Current Report
on Form 8-K, which are incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits.

The following exhibits are furnished in accordance with the provisions of Item 601 of Regulation S-K:

4

Exhibit 

Number 

Description

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc., Bitfarms Ltd., Backbone Mining Solutions
LLC, and HPC & AI Megacorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-40931, filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024).

2.2 

Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 12, 2024, by and among Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc., Bitfarms Ltd., Backbone Mining Solutions LLC, and HPC &
AI Megacorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-40931, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2024).

3.1* 

Certificate of Merger and Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc., dated March 14, 2025.

3.2* 

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc., dated March 17, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC; provided, that the Company may
request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any exhibits or schedules so furnished.

* 

Filed herewith.

5

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.

(Registrant)

Date: March 20, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Ben Gagnon

Ben Gagnon

Chief Executive Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20045926_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

ANNEX B

Form of Certificate of Merger

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER

of

HPC & AI MEGACORP, INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

with and into

STRONGHOLD DIGITAL MINING, INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

(Under Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware)

Dated: March 14, 2025

Pursuant to Section 251(c) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (as amended, the DGCL),
Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the merger of HPC & AI Megacorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub), with and into the Company (the Merger), does hereby certify:

FIRST: The name, jurisdiction of
organization, state of domicile and type of entity of each of the constituent entities to the Merger are as follows:

Name 

Jurisdiction of Organization 

and State of Domicile 

Type of Entity

HPC & AI Megacorp, Inc. 

Delaware 

Corporation

Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. 

Delaware 

Corporation

SECOND: An Agreement and Plan
of Merger by and among Bitfarms Ltd., a corporation organized under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario), Backbone Mining Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Merger Sub and the Company, dated as of August 21, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), has been approved, adopted, executed and acknowledged by each constituent entity with respect to
the Merger in accordance with Section 251 of the DGCL.

THIRD: Upon the effectiveness of
the Merger, the separate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and the Company shall be the surviving corporation (the Surviving Entity). The name of the Surviving Entity shall be
Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.

FOURTH: Upon the effectiveness
of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Entity shall be amended and restated in its entirety in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

FIFTH: An executed copy of
the Merger Agreement is on file at the office of the Surviving Entity at 595 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, County of New York, New York, NY 10022.

SIXTH: An executed copy of the
Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving Entity on request, without cost, to any stockholder of the constituent corporations.

SEVENTH: The Merger shall become
effective upon the filing of this Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with the DGCL.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Certificate of Merger to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

STRONGHOLD DIGITAL MINING, INC.

By: 

/s/ Gregory A. Beard

Name:

Gregory A. Beard

Title:

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

[Signature Page to the Certificate of Merger]

EXHIBIT A

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF

STRONGHOLD DIGITAL MINING, INC.

EXHIBIT A

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE
OF INCORPORATION

OF

STRONGHOLD DIGITAL MINING, INC.

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, County of Kent, Dover, DE, 19904.
The name of the Corporations registered agent at that address is Cogency Global Inc.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware as set forth in Title 8 of the Delaware Code (as amended from time to time, the GCL).

ARTICLE IV

The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation has authority to issue is One Thousand One Hundred (1,100) shares, all of which shall be
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share.

ARTICLE V

The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.

ARTICLE VII

To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director or Officer (as defined below) shall be personally liable to the Corporation
or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or Officer, except for liability of: (i) a director or Officer for any breach of the directors or Officers duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
stockholders; (ii) a director or Officer for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) a director under Section 174 of the GCL; or (iv) a director or Officer for any transaction
from which the director or Officer derived an improper personal benefit or (v) an Officer in any action by or in the right of the Corporation. Any amendment, repeal or elimination of this Article VII shall not affect its application with respect to
an act or omission by a director or Officer occurring before such amendment, repeal or elimination.All references in this Article VII to an Officer shall mean only a person who, at the time of an act or omission as to which liability is
asserted, falls within the meaning of the term officer, as defined in Section 102(b)(7) of the GCL.

ARTICLE VIII

Each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made
a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or
officer of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, as applicable, or by reason of anything done or not done by such person in any such capacity (a Covered Person), to the extent the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or
officer, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all losses, claims,
damages, costs, fines, penalties, expenses (including attorneys and other professionals fees and expenses), liabilities or judgments or amounts that are paid in settlement, of or incurred by such Covered Person in connection with such proceeding, and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to
indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Covered Person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. The right to indemnification conferred by this Article VIII shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in
defending or otherwise participating in any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition.

The rights conferred on any Covered Person by this Article VIII shall not be exclusive of any other rights which any Covered
Person may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Corporation, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.

Any repeal or amendment of this Article VIII by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any
other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, will, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in
respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision.

This Article VIII shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law,
to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered Persons.

ARTICLE IX

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now
or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20045926_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

BY-LAWS

OF

STRONGHOLD DIGITAL MINING, INC.

A Delaware Corporation

Effective March 17, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I OFFICES 1 

Section 1.1 

Registered Office 

1

Section 1.2 

Other Offices 

1

ARTICLE II MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 1

Section 2.1 

Place of Meetings 

1

Section 2.2 

Annual Meetings 

1

Section 2.3 

Special Meetings 

2

Section 2.4 

Notice 

2

Section 2.5 

Adjournments and Postponements 

3

Section 2.6 

Quorum 

4

Section 2.7 

Voting 

4

Section 2.8 

Proxies 

5

Section 2.9 

Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting 

6

Section 2.10 

List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 

7

Section 2.11 

Record Date. 

8

Section 2.12 

Stock Ledger 

10

Section 2.13 

Conduct of Meetings 

10

Section 2.14 

Inspectors of Election 

11

ARTICLE III DIRECTORS 11

Section 3.1 

Number and Election of Directors 

11

Section 3.2 

Vacancies 

12

Section 3.3 

Duties and Powers 

12

Section 3.4 

Meetings 

12

Section 3.5 

Organization 

13

Section 3.6 

Resignations and Removals of Directors 

14

Section 3.7 

Quorum 

14

Section 3.8 

Actions of the Board by Written Consent 

14

Section 3.9 

Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone 

15

Section 3.10 

Committees 

15

Section 3.11 

Compensation 

16

Section 3.12 

Interested Directors 

17

ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 17

Section 4.1 

General 

17

Section 4.2 

Election 

18

i

Section 4.3 

Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation 

18

Section 4.4 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

19

Section 4.5 

President 

19

Section 4.6 

Vice Presidents 

20

Section 4.7 

Secretary 

21

Section 4.8 

Treasurer 

21

Section 4.9 

Assistant Secretaries 

22

Section 4.10 

Assistant Treasurers 

22

Section 4.11 

Other Officers 

22

ARTICLE V STOCK 23

Section 5.1 

Form of Certificates 

23

Section 5.2 

Signatures 

23

Section 5.3 

Lost Certificates 

24

Section 5.4 

Transfers 

24

Section 5.5 

Dividend Record Date 

25

Section 5.6 

Record Owners 

25

Section 5.7 

Transfer and Registry Agents 

25

ARTICLE VI NOTICES 26

Section 6.1 

Notices 

26

Section 6.2 

Waivers of Notice 

27

ARTICLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 28

Section 7.1 

Dividends 

28

Section 7.2 

Disbursements 

28

Section 7.3 

Fiscal Year 

28

ARTICLE VIII INDEMNIFICATION 29

Section 8.1 

Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation 

29

Section 8.2 

Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation 

29

Section 8.3 

Authorization of Indemnification 

30

Section 8.4 

Good Faith Defined 

31

Section 8.5 

Indemnification by a Court 

32

Section 8.6 

Expenses Payable in Advance 

32

Section 8.7 

Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 

33

Section 8.8 

Insurance 

33

Section 8.9 

Certain Definitions 

34

Section 8.10 

Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 

35

Section 8.11 

Limitation on Indemnification 

35

Section 8.12 

Indemnification of Employees and Agents 

35

ii

ARTICLE IX FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES 36

Section 9.1 

Forum for Adjudication of Certain Disputes 

36

ARTICLE X AMENDMENTS 37

Section 10.1 

Amendments 

37

Section 10.2 

Entire Board of Directors 

37

iii

BY-LAWS

OF

STRONGHOLD DIGITAL MINING, INC.

(hereinafter called the Corporation)

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1.1Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be located at 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, DE 19904, County of Kent.

Section 1.2Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board of Directors) may from time to time determine.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within or
without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of the stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be
held solely by means of remote communication in the manner authorized by Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

Section 2.2Annual Meetings. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by
the Board of Directors. Any other proper business may be transacted at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Section 2.3Special Meetings. Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation), Special Meetings of Stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by either (a) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (b) the
President, (c) any Vice President, if there be one, (d) the Secretary or (e) any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, and shall be called by any such officer at the request in writing of (i) the Board of Directors, (ii) a committee of the Board of
Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings or (iii) stockholders owning a majority of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. At a Special Meeting of Stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).

Section 2.4Notice. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting, in the form of a writing or electronic
transmission, shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the
record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting and, in the case of a Special Meeting, the purpose or
purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by law, notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting
as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting.

2

Section 2.5Adjournments and Postponements. Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned or postponed
from time to time by the chairman of such meeting or by the Board of Directors, without the need for approval thereof by stockholders to reconvene or convene, respectively at the same or some other place. Notice need not be given of any such
adjourned or postponed meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned or postponed meeting are
announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken or, with respect to a postponed meeting, are publicly announced. At the adjourned or postponed meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the
original meeting. If the adjournment or postponement is for more than thirty (30) days, notice of the adjourned or postponed meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.4 hereof shall be given to each stockholder of record
entitled to vote at the meeting. If, after the adjournment or postponement, a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned or postponed meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such
adjourned or postponed meeting in accordance with Section 2.11, and shall give notice of the adjourned or postponed meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned or postponed meeting as of the record date fixed
for notice of such adjourned or postponed meeting.

3

Section 2.6Quorum. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the Corporations capital stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of
enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to
adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 2.5, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

Section 2.7Voting. Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders, other than
the election of directors, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of votes of the Corporations capital stock represented at the meeting in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such question,
voting as a single class. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to Section 2.11(a), each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall
be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Section 2.8. 

The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officers discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.

4

Section 2.8Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may
authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, by filing such proxy with the Secretary at or before the meeting at which it is to be used, but no such proxy shall be voted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless
such proxy provides for a longer period. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant
such authority:

(i)A stockholder may execute a document authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished in the manner permitted by the DGCL by
the stockholder or such stockholders authorized officer, director, employee or agent.

(ii)A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of an electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder
of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such transmission must either set
forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the transmission was authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors, such other
persons making that determination shall specify the information on which they relied.

5

Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the document (including any electronic transmission) authorizing another person or persons to act
as proxy for a stockholder may be substituted or used in lieu of the original document for any and all purposes for which the original document could be used; provided, however, that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original document.

Section 2.9Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any
Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of
outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by
delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of the stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the
Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective
to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 2.9 to the Corporation,
written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having
custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of the stockholders are recorded. Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for
which the original writing could be used; provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing. Prompt notice of the
taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of
the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation as provided above in this Section 2.9.

6

Section 2.10List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten
(10) days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of
each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting (i) on a reasonably accessible
electronic network; provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal
place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of
the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to
be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such
list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.

7

Section 2.11Record Date.

(a)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon
which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date,
such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting
shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall be at the close of
business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice
of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the
Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix, as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting, the same
or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.11.

8

(b)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record
date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall
be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an
officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of the stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in
writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

9

Section 2.12Stock Ledger. The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required
by Section 2.10 or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.

Section 2.13Conduct of Meetings. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the
stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such
rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by
the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on
at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and
constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments
by participants.

10

Section 2.14Inspectors of Election. In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the
President shall appoint one (1) or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One (1) or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or
alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one (1) or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of
the Corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspectors
ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by applicable law.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 3.1Number and Election ofDirectors. The Board of
Directors shall consist of not less than one (1) nor more than five (5) members, the exact number of which shall initially be fixed by the Incorporator and thereafter from time to time by the Board of Directors. Except as provided in Section 3.2, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at each Annual Meeting of Stockholders and each director so elected shall hold office until the next Annual Meeting of
Stockholders and until such directors successor is duly elected and qualified, or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors need not be stockholders.

11

Section 3.2Vacancies. Unless otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies on the Board of Directors or any committee thereof arising through
death, resignation, removal, an increase in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors or such committee or otherwise may be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director. The directors so chosen shall, in the case of the Board of Directors, hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal and, in the
case of any committee of the Board of Directors, shall hold office until their successors are duly appointed by the Board of Directors or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.

Section 3.3Duties and Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all such
powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 3.4Meetings. The Board of Directors and any committee thereof may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular
meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors or such committee, respectively. Special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, the President, or by any director. Special meetings of any committee of the Board of Directors may be called by the chairman of such committee, if there be one, the
President, or any director serving on such committee. Notice thereof stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director (or, in the case of a committee, to each member of such committee) either by mail not less than
forty-eight (48) hours before the date of the meeting, by telephone, or in the form of a writing or electronic transmission on twenty-four (24) hours notice, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary
or appropriate in the circumstances.

12

Section 3.5Organization. At each meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the chairman of such committee, as the
case may be, or, in his or her absence or if there be none, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman of such meeting. Except as provided below, the Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each
meeting of the Board of Directors and of each committee thereof. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such
meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the members of each committee
of the Board of Directors may appoint any person to act as secretary of any meeting of such committee and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation may, but need not if such committee so elects, serve in such capacity.

13

Section 3.6Resignations and Removals of Directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign from the Board of Directors or any committee thereof at any time, by giving
notice in writing, including by electronic transmission, to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation and, in the case of a committee, to the chairman of such committee, if there be
one. Such resignation shall take effect at the time therein specified or, if no time is specified, immediately; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Except
as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time by the affirmative vote of
the holders of at least a majority in voting power of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of directors. Any director serving on a committee of the Board of Directors may be removed from such
committee at any time by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.7Quorum. Except as otherwise required by law, or the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, a majority of
the entire Board of Directors or a majority of the directors constituting such committee, as the case may be, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors or committee members, as applicable,
present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors or such committee, as applicable. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the directors present
thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 3.8Actions of the Board by Written Consent. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be
taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission,
and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee.

14

Section 3.9Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors of the
Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear
each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 3.9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 3.10Committees. The Board of Directors may designate one (1) or more committees, each committee to consist of one (1) or more of the directors of the Corporation. The
Board of Directors may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee,
and in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or
members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another qualified member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the
resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed
to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article
III, the resolution of the Board of Directors establishing any committee of the Board of Directors and/or the charter of any such committee may establish requirements or procedures relating to the governance and/or operation of such
committee that are different from, or in addition to, those set forth in these By-Laws and, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between these By-Laws and any such resolution or charter, the terms of such resolution or charter shall be
controlling.

15

Section 3.11Compensation. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance
at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as director, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for service as committee members.

16

Section 3.12Interested Directors. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one (1) or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other
corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one (1) or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director
or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because any such directors or officers vote is counted for such purpose if: (i) the
material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes
the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest
and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is
fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting
of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 4.1General. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors,
in its discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director) and one (1) or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and other officers. Any number of offices may be held by the same
person, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, need such
officers be directors of the Corporation.

17

Section 4.2Election. The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after each Annual Meeting of Stockholders (or action by written consent of stockholders in lieu of the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders), shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; and
each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officers successor is elected and qualified, or until such officers earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer elected by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the
Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.

Section 4.3Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities owned
by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the President or any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the
Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may
exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer
like powers upon any other person or persons.

18

Section 4.4Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of
Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, unless the Board of Directors designates the President as the Chief Executive Officer, and, except where by law the signature of the President
is required, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall possess the same power as the President to sign all contracts, certificates and other instruments of the Corporation which may be authorized by the Board of Directors. During the absence or
disability of the President, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall exercise all the powers and discharge all the duties of the President. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other
powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.

Section 4.5President. The President shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors and, if there be one, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, have general
supervision of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The President shall execute all bonds, mortgages, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation
requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except that the other officers of the Corporation may sign and execute documents when so authorized by these
By-Laws, the Board of Directors or the President. In the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if there be none, the President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, provided the President is also a director, the Board of Directors. If there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if the Board of Directors shall otherwise designate, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation. The President shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.

19

Section 4.6Vice Presidents. At the request of the President or in the Presidents absence or in the event of the Presidents inability or refusal to act (and if there be no
Chairman of the Board of Directors), the Vice President, or the Vice Presidents if there are more than one (in the order designated by the Board of Directors), shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers
of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. Each Vice President shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe. If there be no Chairman of the Board of
Directors and no Vice President, the Board of Directors shall designate the officer of the Corporation who, in the absence of the President or in the event of the inability or refusal of the President to act, shall perform the duties of the
President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President.

20

Section 4.7Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings thereat in a book
or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special
meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President, under whose supervision the Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall
be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of Directors or the President may choose another
officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept or filed, as the case may be.

Section 4.8Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of
receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The
Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board
of Directors so requires, an account of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or
sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of the Treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of the Treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal
from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the Treasurers possession or under the Treasurers control belonging to the Corporation.

21

Section 4.9Assistant Secretaries. Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the
Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretarys inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary, and when so
acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.

Section 4.10Assistant Treasurers. Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the
Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer, and in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of the Treasurers inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer, and when so
acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer. If required by the Board of Directors, an Assistant Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be
satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of Assistant Treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of the Assistant Treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from
office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the Assistant Treasurers possession or under the Assistant Treasurers control belonging to the Corporation.

Section 4.11Other Officers. Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to
them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

22

ARTICLE V

STOCK

Section 5.1Form of Certificates. Shares of stock in the Corporation shall be uncertificated and shall not initially be represented by certificates, except to the extent as
may be required by applicable law, as requested by a shareholder or as may otherwise be authorized by the Board of Directors. In the event shares of stock are represented by certificates, such certificates shall be registered upon the books of the
Corporation and signed by (i) the Chairman of the Board or the President or a Vice President and (ii) by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation certifying the number of shares owned by
such stockholder in the Corporation. Any certificates for shares of stock shall be consecutively numbered and shall be entered in the books of the Corporation as they are issued and shall exhibit the holders name and the number of shares.

Section 5.2Signatures. Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer
agent or registrar at the date of issue.

23

Section 5.3Lost Certificates. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issuance of a new certificate, the Board of Directors may, in
its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as the Board of Directors shall require
and/or to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such new
certificate.

Section 5.4Transfers. Stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by applicable law and in these By-Laws. Transfers of stock shall be made on the
books of the Corporation, and in the case of certificated shares of stock, only by the person named in the certificate or by such persons attorney lawfully constituted in writing and upon the surrender of the certificate therefor, properly endorsed
for transfer and payment of all necessary transfer taxes; provided, however, that such surrender and endorsement or payment of
taxes shall not be required in any case in which the officers of the Corporation shall determine to waive such requirement. With respect to any certificated shares, every certificate exchanged, returned or surrendered to the Corporation shall be
marked Canceled, with the date of cancellation, by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or the transfer agent thereof. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been
entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred.

24

Section 5.5Dividend Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not
precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such
purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 5.6Record Owners. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends,
and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of
any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.

Section 5.7Transfer and Registry Agents. The Corporation may from time to time maintain one (1) or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices or agencies at such
place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

25

ARTICLE VI

NOTICES

Section 6.1Notices. Whenever written notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or
stockholder, such notice may be given by mail, addressed to such director, member of a committee or stockholder, at such persons address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed
to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under applicable
law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission if consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written
notice to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed to be revoked if (i) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two (2) consecutive notices by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (ii) such inability
becomes known to the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, that the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. Notice given by electronic transmission, as described above, shall be deemed given:
(i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive
notice; (iii) if by a posting on an electronic network, together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and (iv) if by any other form of
electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. Notice to directors or committee members may be given personally or by telegram, telex, cable or by means of electronic transmission.

26

Section 6.2Waivers of Notice. Whenever any notice is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director, member of a
committee or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be
deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the
beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders or any regular or special
meeting of the directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws.

27

ARTICLE VII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 7.1Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if
any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 3.8),
and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporations capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from
time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences
of indebtedness of the Corporation, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.

Section 7.2Disbursements. All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the
Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

Section 7.3Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

28

ARTICLE VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 8.1Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or
in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 8.3 the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a
manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful. The termination
of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful.

Section 8.2Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of
the Corporation. Subject to Section 8.3, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of
the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except
that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the
court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses
which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

29

Section 8.3Authorization of Indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VIII (unless ordered by a
court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer of the Corporation is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the
applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made,
with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, (ii) by a committee of such
directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such
determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director or officer of the
Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.

30

Section 8.4Good Faith Defined. For purposes of any determination under Section 8.3, a person shall be deemed to
have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe such persons
conduct was unlawful, if such persons action is based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to such person by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of
their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or
other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The provisions of this Section 8.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the
circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2,
as the case may be.

31

Section 8.5Indemnification by a Court. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 8.3,
and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or any other court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the
extent otherwise permissible under Section 8.1 or Section 8.2. The basis of such indemnification by a court shall be a
determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1
or Section 8.2, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 8.3 nor the absence of
any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant
to this Section 8.5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification
shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application.

Section 8.6Expenses Payable in Advance. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it
shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VIII. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred
by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the Corporation may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate.

32

Section 8.7Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. 

The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking
indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to
action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Section 8.1 and Section 8.2 shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or
impairment after such action or omission has occurred. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified
in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the
DGCL, or otherwise.

Section 8.8Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such
person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of
this Article VIII.

33

Section 8.9Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence
had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation
serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. The term another enterprise as used in this Article VIII shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this Article VIII,
references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving

at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit
plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a
manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article VIII.

34

Section 8.10Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted
pursuant to, this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the
benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

Section 8.11Limitation on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article
VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 8.5), the Corporation shall not be obligated to
indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was
authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Section 8.12Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to
indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this Article VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation.

35

ARTICLE IX

FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES

Section 9.1Forum for Adjudication of Certain Disputes. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a
claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employeeor agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or
the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation arising out of or relating to any provision of the General
Corporation Law of Delaware or the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws (each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer,
stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware; provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and
exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as
applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. Unless the Corporation gives an Alternative Forum
Consent, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. Failure to enforce the foregoing provisions would cause the Corporation irreparable harm and the Corporation shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing
provisions. Any person or entity purchasing, otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 9.1. The existence of any prior Alternative Forum Consent shall not act as a waiver of the Corporations ongoing consent right as set forth above in this Section 9.1
with respect to any current or future actions or claims.

36

ARTICLE X

AMENDMENTS

Section 10.1Amendments. These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new By-Laws may be adopted by the stockholders
or by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new By-Laws be
contained in the notice of a meeting of the stockholders or Board of Directors, as the case may be, called for the purpose of acting upon any proposed alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new By-Laws. All such amendments, repeals or
adoptions of new By-Laws must be approved by either the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon or by a majority of the entire Board of Directors then in office.

Section 10.2Entire Board of Directors. As used in this Article X and in these By-Laws
generally, the term entire Board of Directors means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.

* * *

Adopted as of: March 17, 2025

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sdig-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sdig-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sdig-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40931

Entity Registrant Name Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001856028

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2759890

Entity Address, Address Line One 595 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 28th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 967-5294

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SDIG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://strongholddigitalmining.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20045926_8k.htm 
sdig-20250314.xsd 
sdig-20250314_lab.xml 
sdig-20250314_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-009694-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ef20045926_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001856028 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

false 
--12-31 
0001856028 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. 
DE 
001-40931 
86-2759890 
595 Madison Avenue 
28th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
967-5294 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
SDIG 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>