<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-034681.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-034681.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414161040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-034681
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTOZONE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				621482048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0830

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10714
		FILM NUMBER:		25836139

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 SOUTH FRONT ST
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9014956500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2198
		STREET 2:		DEPT 8074
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38101-2198
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000086678700008667872025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 10, 2025

AutoZone, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 1-10714 62-1482048

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

123 South Front Street, Memphis, Tennessee38103

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(901) 495-6500

(Registrant's telephone number,
including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share AZO New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 10 2025, AutoZone, Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement),
by and among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., and Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), pursuant to which the
Company agreed to issue and sell to the Underwriters, and the Underwriters agreed to purchase, $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of the Companys 5.125% Notes due 2030 (the Notes). The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and agreements of the Company and customary conditions to closing, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties and
termination provisions. The description of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1.1.

Certain
of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various financial
advisory, commercial banking and investment banking services for the Company and its affiliates, for which they received or will receive
customary fees and expense reimbursement. Certain of the Underwriters or their affiliates are lenders and/or agents under the Companys
existing revolving credit facilities.

The information provided in
Item 2.03 of this report is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

On
April 14, 2025, the Company completed the sale of the Notes. The Notes bear interest at a fixed rate equal to 5.125% per year, payable
semi-annually.

The
Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of August 8, 2003 (the Indenture), between the Company and Regions
Bank, as successor trustee, and were offered and sold pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on July 19, 2022, on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266209),
as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated April 10, 2025, filed with the Commission on April 14, 2025. Pursuant to the
Indenture, the Company executed an Officers Certificate dated April 14, 2025 setting forth the terms of the Notes (the Officers
Certificate).

The
Company will pay interest on the Notes on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2025. The Notes
will mature on June 15, 2030. The Notes are senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company and rank equally with the Companys
other senior unsecured liabilities and senior to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Company. The Notes are subject to customary
covenants restricting the Companys ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur debt secured by liens, to enter into sale and
leaseback transactions or to merge or consolidate with another entity or sell substantially all of its assets to another person. The Indenture
provides for customary events of default and further provides that the trustee or the holders of 25% in aggregate principal amount of
the outstanding Notes may declare the Notes immediately due and payable upon the occurrence of any event of default after expiration of
any grace period.

The Company may redeem the
Notes at the Companys option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, with at least 10 days but not more than
60 days notice, at the redemption prices described in the Officers Certificate. If a change of control triggering event,
as defined in the Officers Certificate, occurs, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem the Notes, holders of the
Notes may require the Company to repurchase the Notes at the prices described in the applicable Officers Certificate.

The above description of the
Officers Certificate and the Notes is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Officers Certificate pursuant to the
Indenture setting forth the terms of the Notes, and the form of the Notes, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2,
respectively.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 10, 2025, by and among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein.

4.1 Officers Certificate for the Notes, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated April 14, 2025, setting forth the terms of the Notes.

4.2 Form of 5.125% Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.1).

5.1 Opinion of Bass, Berry & Sims PLC.

5.2 Opinion of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP.

23.1 Consent of Bass, Berry & Sims PLC (included in Exhibit 5.1).

23.2 Consent of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2).

104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: April 14, 2025

AUTOZONE, INC.

By: /s/ Jamere Jackson

Name: Jamere Jackson

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

AUTOZONE, INC.

(a Nevada corporation)

$500,000,000 5.125% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2030

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

Dated: April 10, 2025

Table of Contents

Page

Section 1. Representations
and Warranties 2

Section 2. Sale
and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing 13

Section 3. Covenants
of the Company 14

Section 4. Payment of Expenses 18

Section 5. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations 19

Section 6. Indemnification 21

Section 7. Contribution 23

Section 8. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery 24

Section 9. Termination 25

Section 10. Default
by One or More of the Underwriters 25

Section 11. Notices 26

Section 12. No
Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship 26

Section 13. Integration 26

Section 14. Parties 27

Section 15. Governing
Law and Time 27

Section 16. Effect of Headings 27

Section 17. Counterparts 27

Schedule I S I-1

Schedule II S II-1

Schedule III S III-1

i

AUTOZONE, INC.

(a Nevada corporation)

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

April 10, 2025

BofA Securities, Inc.

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

as Representatives of the several Underwriters named

in Schedule I attached hereto (the Representatives)

c/o BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

c/o U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

To the addressees set forth above:

AutoZone, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to issue and sell to the several
Underwriters named in Schedule I hereto (the Underwriters), for whom BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as representatives (the Representatives),
$500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 5.125% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Securities) to be issued pursuant to
the provisions of an Indenture dated as of August 8, 2003 (as supplemented by an officers certificate to be dated as of April 14,
2025, the Indenture) between the Company and Regions Bank, successor in interest to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A., successor in interest to Bank One Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee).

The Company has filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration
No. 333-266209), including a base prospectus dated July 19, 2022 (the Base Prospectus), relating to the Securities
and has filed with, or transmitted for filing to, or shall promptly hereafter file with or transmit for filing to, the Commission (i) a
prospectus supplement (the Prospectus Supplement) specifically relating to the Securities pursuant to Rule 430B and
Rule 424 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), and (ii) the Base Prospectus. The term Registration
Statement means the registration statement (Registration No. 333-266209), as amended to the date of this Underwriting Agreement
(this Agreement), including the information (if any) deemed to be part of such registration statement at the time it became
effective including, if applicable, the Rule 430B Information. The term Rule 430B Information means any information
in the Prospectus Supplement that was omitted from the Registration Statement at the time it was declared effective but is deemed to be
a part of and included in the Registration Statement. The term Prospectus means the Base Prospectus together with the Prospectus
Supplement. The term preliminary prospectus means a preliminary prospectus supplement specifically relating to the Securities
that omitted the Rule 430B Information or that was captioned Subject to Completion and that was used after the Registration
Statement became effective and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, together with the Base Prospectus. As used herein,
the terms Base Prospectus, Prospectus, preliminary prospectus and General Disclosure
Package (as defined below) shall include, in each case, the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the term Registration
Statement shall include the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed by the
rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the 1933 Act Regulations) to be a part of or included
therein.

For purposes of this Agreement,
all references to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus or to any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing
shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system
(EDGAR).

All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included or stated
(or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include
all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by the 1933
Act Regulations to be part of or included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, prior
to the execution of this Agreement; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus
or preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the 1934 Act) which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by the 1933 Act Regulations to be part
of or included in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, as the case may be, after the execution of this Agreement.

Section 1. Representations
and Warranties.

(a) Representations
and Warranties by the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Representatives and to each Underwriter, as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Time (as defined below) (in each case, a Representation Date), as follows:

(i) Status
as a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. The Company is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933
Act Regulations (Rule 405).

At the time of filing
the Registration Statement, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within
the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations) of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not and
is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405.

2

(ii) Compliance
with Registration Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement
is an automatic shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405, that became effective under the 1933 Act upon
filing with the Commission and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the 1933
Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated by the
Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. The Company has not received
from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations objecting to use of the automatic shelf
registration statement form and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement
form. In addition, the Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the 1939 Act).

At the respective
times the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto (including the filing of the Companys most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K with the Commission (the Annual Report on Form 10-K)) became effective, at each deemed effective date
with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations and at each Representation Date, the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933
Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the 1939
Act Regulations) and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Time,
neither the Prospectus nor any amendments and supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material
respects and has been prepared in accordance with the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act Regulations (as
defined below).

Each preliminary
prospectus relating to the Securities (including the prospectus or prospectuses filed as part of the Registration Statement or any amendment
thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act) and the Prospectus, complied when so filed in all material respects with
the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the
offering of Securities will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the
Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3

As of each of the
Applicable Time (as defined below) and the time of filing of the Final Term Sheet (as defined in Section 3(b)), neither (x) the
Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus(es) (as defined below) issued at or prior to the Applicable Time and the Statutory Prospectus
(as defined below), all considered together (collectively, the General Disclosure Package), nor (y) any individual
Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below), when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

As used in this
subsection and elsewhere in this Agreement:

Applicable
Time means 2:10 p.m. (Eastern time) on April 10, 2025, or such other time as agreed by the Company and the Representatives.

Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations
(Rule 433), relating to the Securities that (i) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) is
a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be
filed with the Commission, or (iii) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description
of the Securities or of the offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with
the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors,
as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule III hereto.

Issuer Limited
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

Statutory
Prospectus as of any time means the prospectus supplement relating to the Securities, together with the base prospectus that is
included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to that time, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any
preliminary or other prospectus deemed to be a part thereof.

Each Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Securities
or until any earlier date that the issuer notified or notifies the Representatives as described in Section 3(e), did not, does not
and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any preliminary or other prospectus deemed to be a part
thereof that has not been superseded or modified.

4

The representations
and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter
through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any
Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 6(b) hereof.

(iii) Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion
of the Underwriters distribution of the Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities
other than a preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives
and included in Schedule III hereto. The Representatives shall provide notice to the Company if the distribution of the Securities
has not been completed as of the Closing Time, and at such later time as the distribution of the Securities has been completed.

(iv) Incorporated
Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective or at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and
will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder
(the 1934 Act Regulations) and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus and the General Disclosure
Package, (a) at the time the Registration Statement became effective, (b) at the earlier of the time the Prospectus was first
used and the date and time of the first contract of sale of Securities in the offering as set forth in this Agreement and (c) at
the Closing Time, did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(v) Independent
Accountants. The accountants who audited the financial statements and any supporting schedules thereto incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are an independent registered public accounting firm as
required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.

(vi) Financial
Statements. The financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, as well as those financial statements, schedules and notes of any other entity
included therein, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, or
such other entity, as the case may be, at the dates indicated and the statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows
of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, or such other entity, as the case may be, for the periods specified. Such financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) applied
on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as disclosed therein. The supporting schedules, if any, have been prepared
in conformity with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial
data included in the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein
and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply
with Regulation G under the 1934 Act and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K of the 1933 Act Regulations, to the extent applicable.

5

(vii) No
Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise disclosed therein, (A) there has been no material adverse change
in the financial condition, earnings, management or business affairs, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change
in the financial condition, earnings, management or business affairs, of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise,
whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect), (B) there have been no transactions
entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than those arising in the ordinary course of business, which are material
with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise and (C) there has been no dividend or distribution
of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock.

(viii) Good
Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws
of the State of Nevada and has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business
as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations
under, or as contemplated under, this Agreement. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in
good standing in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property
or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate,
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(ix) Good
Standing of Subsidiaries. Each significant subsidiary of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X promulgated under the 1933 Act) (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries), if any, has
been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has corporate, limited liability company or partnership power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, limited liability company or partnership, as the case may be, to transact
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing
of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise stated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, limited liability company member interests or partnership interests
of each Subsidiary have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by the Company, directly
or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity. None of the outstanding
shares of capital stock, limited liability company member interests or partnership interest of any Subsidiary was issued in violation
of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of such Subsidiary.

6

(x) Authorization
of this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(xi) Authorization
of the Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement. Such
Securities, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the consideration
therefor specified in this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation,
all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law),
and except further as enforcement thereof may be limited by requirements that a claim with respect to any Securities payable in a foreign
or composite currency (or a foreign or composite currency judgment in respect of such claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate
of exchange prevailing on a date determined pursuant to applicable law or by governmental authority to limit, delay or prohibit the making
of payments outside the United States. Such Securities will be in the form contemplated by, and each registered holder thereof is entitled
to the benefits of, the Indenture.

(xii) Authorization
of the Indenture. The Indenture has been, or prior to the issuance of the Securities thereunder will have been, duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Company and, upon such authorization, execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

(xiii) Descriptions
of the Securities and Indenture. The Securities being sold pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture conform in all material respects
to the statements relating thereto contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are in substantially the form of
a global note(s) filed or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

7

(xiv) Absence
of Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is (a) in violation of its charter or by-laws, or
other organizational documents, as applicable, (b) in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant
or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or
instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the
assets, properties or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject (collectively, Agreements and Instruments),
except for such defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect or (c) in violation
of any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their assets, properties or operations,
except for violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the Indenture and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or
issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (including the issuance
and sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described under the caption Use of Proceeds)
and compliance by the Company with its obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, (i) conflict with or constitute
a breach of or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any assets, properties or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, any Agreements and Instruments,
nor will such action result in any violation of (a) the provisions of the charter or by-laws, or other organizational documents,
as applicable, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ
or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their assets, properties or operations. As used herein, a Repayment Event means any event or
condition which gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders
behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.

(xv) Absence
of Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency
or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or to the knowledge of the Company threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its
subsidiaries which is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other
than as stated therein), or which might reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect,
or which might reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the assets, properties or operations thereof or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus, this Agreement or the Indenture, or the performance by the Company of its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The aggregate of all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or of which any of their respective assets, properties or operations is the subject which are not described in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, could
not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(xvi) Accuracy
of Exhibits. There are no contracts or documents which are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement which
have not been so disclosed or filed, as required.

(xvii) Absence
of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification or decree
of, any court or governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign, is necessary or required for the due authorization, execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or for the performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated under the Prospectus,
this Agreement or the Indenture, except such as have been already made, obtained or rendered, as applicable, and except such that the
failure to make, obtain or render would not result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially adversely affect the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Prospectus, this Agreement or the Indenture.

(xviii) Possession
of Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate patents, patent
rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential
information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual
Property) necessary to carry on the business now operated by them, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
any written notice or is otherwise aware of any infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual
Property or of any facts or circumstances which would render any Intellectual Property invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries therein, and which infringement or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling
or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy, individually or in the aggregate, would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xix) Title
to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries
and good title to all other properties owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests,
claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind, except (A) as otherwise stated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus or (B) those which do not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect and do not interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. All of the leases and subleases
of the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties
described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force
and effect, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any written notice of any claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such
Subsidiary of the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease where such claim or claims,
individually or in the aggregate, would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(xx) Investment
Company Act. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the
net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act).

(xxi) Environmental
Laws. Except as otherwise stated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or except as would
not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation
of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial
or administrative interpretation thereof including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution
or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous
Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations
and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (C) there are
no pending or threatened, to the Companys knowledge, administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters,
claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company
or any of its subsidiaries and (D) there are no events or circumstances that might reasonably be expected to form the basis of an
order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting
the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws.

(xxii) Accounting
Controls and Disclosure Controls. The Company and each of its consolidated subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and
to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization; (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences; and (E) the interactive data in XBRL incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects. Except
as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year,
there has been (I) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated)
and (II) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

10

The Company and
its consolidated subsidiaries employ disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding disclosure.

(xxiii) Compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or
officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related
to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.

(xxiv) Pending
Proceedings and Examinations. The Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or
8(e) of the 1933 Act, and the Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection
with the offering of the Securities.

(xxv) No
Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful
expense relating to political activity, (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government
official or employee from corporate funds, (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) or committed an offence under the Bribery
Act 2010 of the United Kingdom, as amended, or (iv) made any bribe or any unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or
other unlawful payment or benefit; and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, its affiliates have conducted
their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are
reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

(xxvi) Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and the
money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws)
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

11

(xxvii) Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by the
U.S. government (including, without limitation, by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department), the United
Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury or any other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions);
and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such
proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund any activities of or business with any person,
or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that
will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor
or otherwise) of Sanctions.

(xxviii) Cybersecurity.
(A) There has been no security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise relating to the Companys
or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data and databases (including the
data and information of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored
by the Company and its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries),
equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data): (B) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have
been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would result in, any security breach or incident, unauthorized
access or disclosure or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data and (C) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate
controls, policies, procedures, and technological safeguards designed to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy
and security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory
standards, except, with respect to clauses (A) and (B), as would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification.

(xxix) Outbound
Investment. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a covered foreign person, as that term is defined in
31 C.F.R. 850.209. The transactions contemplated in this Agreement will not result in the establishment of a covered foreign person
or the engagement by a person of a country of concern, as defined in 31 C.F.R. 850.221, in a covered activity, as
that term is defined in 31 C.F.R. 850.208. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries currently engages, or has plans to
engage, directly or indirectly, in a covered activity.

12

(b) Officers
Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company and delivered to any Underwriter or to counsel to the Underwriters
in connection with the offering of the Securities and dated a Representation Date shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the
Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby on such Representation Date.

Section 2. Sale
and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing.

(a) Securities.
The Company hereby agrees to sell to the several Underwriters, and each Underwriter, upon the basis of the representations and warranties
herein contained, but subject to the conditions hereinafter stated, agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the
principal amount of Securities set forth in Schedule I hereto opposite its name at a purchase price of 99.334% of the principal
amount of the Notes.

(b) Terms
of Public Offering. The Company is advised by the Representatives that the Underwriters propose to make a public offering of their
respective portions of the Securities as soon after this Agreement has become effective as in the Representatives judgment is advisable.
The Company is further advised by the Representatives that the Securities are to be offered to the public initially at 99.936% of the
principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued interest, if any, from April 14, 2025, to the date of payment and delivery.

(c) Payment.
Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Securities shall be made at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 1271
Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020 or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company,
at 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on April 14, 2025, or such other time not later than April 14, 2025, as shall be agreed
upon by the Representatives and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called Closing Time).

Payment shall be made to the
Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representatives
for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has
authorized the Representatives, for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Securities
which it has severally agreed to purchase. The Representatives, individually and not as representatives of the Underwriters, may (but
shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not
been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.

(d) Denominations;
Registration. The Securities or certificates for the Securities, as applicable, shall be in such denominations and registered in such
names as the Representatives may request in writing at least one full business day prior to the Closing Time. The Securities or certificates
for the Securities, as applicable, will be made available for examination and packaging by the Representatives in The City of New York
not later than 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.

13

Section 3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Representatives and with each Underwriter as follows:

(a) Compliance
with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements
of Rule 430B of the 1933 Act Regulations and will notify the Representatives immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the
effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement relating to the Securities
or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission with respect
to the Registration Statement, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or such new registration statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any
preliminary prospectus relating to the Securities, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of
the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A
of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. The Company will promptly effect the filings required under Rule 424(b),
in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such
steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing
by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file the Prospectus. The Company will make every reasonable effort
to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(b) Filing
of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet. The Company will give the Representatives notice of its
intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement relating to the Securities
or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus relating to the Securities (including any prospectus included
in the Registration Statement or amendment thereto) at the time it became effective or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount
of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives
or counsel to the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company has given the Representatives notice of any filings made pursuant
to the 1934 Act or 1934 Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time; the Company will give the Representatives notice
of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time to the Closing Time and will furnish the Representatives with copies
of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing and will not file or use any such document to which the
Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the Final
Term Sheet) reflecting the final terms of the Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives and substantially
in the form of Schedule II hereto, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an issuer free writing prospectus pursuant
to Rule 433; provided that the Company shall furnish the Representatives with copies of any such Final Term Sheet a reasonable amount
of time prior to such proposed filing and will not use or file any such document to which the Representatives or counsel to the Underwriters
shall reasonably object. To the extent the distribution of Securities has been completed, the Company will not be required to provide
the Representatives with reports it is required to file with the Commission under the 1934 Act.

14

(c) Delivery
of Registration Statement. The Company has furnished or will deliver to the Representatives and counsel to the Underwriters, without
charge and upon request, signed copies of the Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith
or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed
to be part thereof) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representatives, without
charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters.
The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted
copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d) Delivery
of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus as such
Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act.
The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under
the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed
with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(e) Continued
Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act and the 1934
Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus. If at any time when the Prospectus is required by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act to be delivered in connection
with sales of the Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the reasonable opinion
of outside counsel to the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement
will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the
light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion
of such outside counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement, to file a new registration statement, or to amend or supplement
the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company will (i) promptly
prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment, supplement or new registration statement as may be
necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, (ii) use its best efforts to have such amendment
or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not an automatic shelf registration statement with respect
to the Securities), and (iii) furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment, supplement or
new registration statement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. If at any time following the issuance of an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would
conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement (or any other registration statement relating to the Securities)
or the Statutory Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus relating to the Securities or included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives and will promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or
omission.

15

(f) Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Securities
for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representatives
may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of this Agreement; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation
or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing
business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Securities have been so qualified,
the Company will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in
effect for a period of not less than one year from the date of this Agreement.

(g) Earnings
Statement. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available
to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Underwriters the benefits
contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.

(h) Use
of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner specified in the Prospectus
under Use of Proceeds.

(i) Restriction
on Sale of Securities. During the period beginning on the date hereof and continuing to and including the Closing Time, the Company
will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant
any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of, any debt securities of the Company or warrants to purchase debt securities of the
Company substantially similar to the Securities (other than (i) the Securities or (ii) commercial paper issued in the ordinary
course of business).

(j) Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, will
file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act
and the 1934 Act Regulations.

(k) Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Representatives, and
each Underwriter represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not made
and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined
in Rule 433, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to
be filed with the Commission; provided, however, that prior to the preparation of the Final Term Sheet in accordance with Section 3(b),
the Underwriters are authorized to use the information with respect to the final terms of the Securities in communications conveying information
relating to the offering to investors. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company and the Representatives is hereinafter
referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat
each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and has complied
and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with
the Commission where required, legending and record keeping.

16

(l) Registration
Statement Renewal Deadline. If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the Renewal Deadline) of the initial effective
date of the Registration Statement, any of the Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline
file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Securities,
in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. If the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration
statement, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating
to the Securities, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration
statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company will take all other action reasonably necessary
or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement
relating to the Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement
or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.

(m) Notice
of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time when Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters
the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations or otherwise ceases
to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives,
(ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Securities, in a form
reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective
amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all
other action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Securities to continue as contemplated
in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations notice or for which the
Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement
or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.

(n) Filing
Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of
the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of
the 1933 Act Regulations.

(o) No
Stabilization. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause
or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities.

17

Section 4. Payment
of Expenses.

(a) Expenses.
The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the preparation,
printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment
thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters, the
Indenture and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities,
(iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Securities and any certificates for the Securities, as applicable, to the Underwriters,
including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters,
(iv) the fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel, accountants and other advisors or agents (including transfer agents
and registrars), as well as the fees and disbursements of the Trustee, and its respective counsel, (v) the qualification of the Securities
under state securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation, printing and delivery
of the Blue Sky Survey, and any amendment thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of each preliminary
prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto and any costs associated
with electronic delivery of any of the foregoing by the Underwriters to investors, (vii) the fees charged by nationally recognized
statistical rating organizations for the rating of the Securities, if applicable, (viii) the fees and expenses incurred with respect
to the listing of the Securities, if applicable, (ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (the FINRA) of
the terms of sale of the Securities, if applicable, (x) the fees and expenses of any Underwriter acting in the capacity of a qualified
independent underwriter (as defined in Section 20 of Schedule E of the bylaws of the FINRA), if applicable and (xi) the
costs and expenses (including without limitation any damages or other amounts payable in connection with legal or contractual liability)
associated with the reforming of any contracts for sale of the Securities made by the Underwriters caused by a breach of the representation
contained in the fifth paragraph of Section 1(a)(ii); provided that the Company shall not be responsible for reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters under (v) and (ix) above that exceed $15,000 in the aggregate. It being understood,
however, that, except as provided in this Section, the Underwriters will pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the fees of
their counsel, transfer taxes on resale of any securities by them and any advertising expenses connected with any offers they may make.

(b) Termination
of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or 9(a)(i) or
9(a)(iii) (only with respect to the Companys securities), hereof, the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of
their out-of-pocket accountable expenses actually incurred, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters.

18

Section 5. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Securities are subject to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 1 hereof or in certificates of any officer of
the Company delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder,
and to the following further conditions:

(a) Effectiveness
of Registration Statement; Filing of Prospectus. The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933 Act and no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose
shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional
information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters. The Company has not received
from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations objecting to use of the automatic shelf
registration statement form, and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement
form. The Prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information relating to the description of the Securities, the specific method of distribution
and similar matters shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without
reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), as applicable (or any required post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed
and become effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B).

(b) Opinions
of Counsel to the Company. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinions, dated as of the Closing
Time, of (i) Bass, Berry & Sims PLC, counsel to the Company, (ii) the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
of the Company and (iii) Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP, Nevada counsel to the Company, each in the form previously agreed
upon between the opining party and the Representatives, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other
Underwriters. To the extent applicable, each such counsel may state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have
relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company and its subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.

(c) Opinion
of Counsel to the Underwriters. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion and the favorable
negative assurance letter, in each case, reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, dated as of the Closing Time, of Latham &
Watkins LLP, counsel to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of each such letter for each of the other Underwriters.
In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State
of New York and the federal law of the United States, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representatives. Such counsel may
also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates
of officers of the Company and its subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.

19

(d) Officers
Certificate. At the Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which information
is given in the General Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the financial condition, earnings, management or business affairs,
or any development involving a prospective material adverse change in the financial condition, earnings, management or business affairs,
of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, and the Representatives
shall have received a certificate of the President or a Vice President of the Company and of the chief financial officer or chief accounting
officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has been no such material adverse change, (ii) the
representations and warranties in Section 1(a) are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made
at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be
performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, are pending or, to the best of such officers knowledge,
are threatened by the Commission.

(e) Accountants
Comfort Letter. At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from Ernst & Young
LLP a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, together with signed or reproduced copies of
such letter for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants
comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(f) Bring-down
Comfort Letter. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received from Ernst & Young LLP a letter, dated as of
the Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (e) of this
Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.

(g) Ratings.
At the Closing Time, the Securities shall have the ratings accorded by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization
(as defined by the Commission in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act), and the Company shall have delivered to the Representatives a
letter, dated as of such date, from each such rating organization, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representatives, confirming that
the Securities have such ratings. Since the date hereof, there shall not have occurred at the Closing Time, a downgrading in, or withdrawal
of, the rating assigned to the Securities or any of the Companys other securities by any such rating organization, and no such
rating organization shall have publicly announced, or provided notice that, it has under surveillance or review its rating of the Securities
or any of the Companys other securities.

(h) No
Objection. If the Registration Statement or an offering of the Securities is required to be filed with the FINRA for review, the FINRA
shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements.

(i) Additional
Documents. At the Closing Time, counsel to the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may
reasonably require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in
order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained;
and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel to the Underwriters.

20

(j) Termination
of Underwriting Agreement. If any condition specified in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to
be fulfilled, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time at or prior to the Closing
Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except
that Sections 6, 7, 8 and 15 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.

Section 6. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
of Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, and each of their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents and each other entity or person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of
Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act (collectively, the Underwriter Indemnified Parties) as
follows:

(i) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information
deemed to be a part thereof, if applicable, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact included in any preliminary prospectus relating to the Securities, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(ii) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement
of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever
based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission in each case as described in paragraph
6(a)(i) above; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of
the Company; and

(iii) against
any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives), reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency
or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue
statement or omission, in each case as described in paragraph 6(a)(i) above, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under
(i) or (ii) above;

provided, however, that this indemnity agreement
shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged
untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter
Indemnified Party through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the
Rule 430B Information, or any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus or
the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any
Underwriter consists of the information described as such in paragraph (b) below.

21

(b) Indemnification
of Company, Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or
omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B
Information, or any preliminary prospectus relating to the Securities, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the
Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed upon that the only such
information furnished by any Underwriter consists solely of (x) the names of such Underwriter as presented on the front and back
cover of the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and (y) third, eighth and ninth paragraphs under the heading Underwriting
contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(c) Actions
against Parties; Notification. Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying
party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying
party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result
thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement.
In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the
Representatives, and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties
shall be selected by the Company. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided,
however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified
party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel)
separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions
in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior
written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation,
or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of
which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified
parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release
of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not
include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

22

(d) Settlement
without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested in writing an indemnifying party
to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement
of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(ii) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into
more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid written request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have
received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying
party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such written request prior to the date of such settlement. Notwithstanding
the immediately preceding sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested in writing an indemnifying party to reimburse
the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, an indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated
by Section 6(a)(ii) effected without its written consent if (x) such indemnifying party reimburses such indemnified party
in accordance with such request to the extent it considers such request to be reasonable; and (y) such indemnifying party provides
written notice to the indemnified party substantiating the unpaid balance as unreasonable, in each case prior to the date of such settlement.

Section 7. Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute
to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on
the other hand, from the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable
law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the
relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions
which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.

The relative benefits received
by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities shall be deemed
to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of such Securities (before deducting expenses) received
by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus.

The relative fault of the
Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any
such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

23

The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even
if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the
equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses
incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding
by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission.

Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at
which the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which
such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

No person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who
was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

For purposes of this Section 7,
each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934
Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who
signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933
Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. The Underwriters respective obligations
to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be,
of Securities set forth opposite their respective names in Schedule I, and not joint.

Section 8. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates
of officers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto or thereto shall remain operative and in full force and
effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or controlling person, or by or on behalf of the Company,
and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Securities; provided, however, that the representations and warranties of the Company
shall be deemed to be made as of the date of execution of this Agreement and the Closing Time only.

24

Section 9. Termination.

(a) Underwriting
Agreement. The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to the Closing Time
if (i) there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given
in the General Disclosure Package, (1) any material adverse change in the financial condition, earnings, management or business of
the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, or (2) any
development involving a prospective material adverse change in or affecting the financial condition, earnings, management or business
of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the General Disclosure Package, in
any case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to market the
Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, or (ii) there has occurred any material adverse change in the
financial markets in the United States or, if the Securities include Securities denominated or payable in, or indexed to, one or more
foreign or composite currencies, in the international financial markets, or any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or a declaration
of a national emergency or war by the United States or other calamity or crisis or any material adverse change or development involving
a prospective material adverse change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect
of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Securities or to enforce
contracts for the sale of the Securities, or (iii) trading in any securities of the Company has been suspended or materially limited
by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the over-the-counter market has
been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been
required, by such exchange or by such market or by order of the Commission, FINRA or any other governmental authority, or (iv) a
banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal or New York authorities or, if the Securities include Securities denominated or
payable in, or indexed to, one or more foreign or composite currencies, by the relevant authorities in the related foreign country or
countries or a material disruption shall have occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United
States.

(b) Liabilities.
If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other
party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 6, 7, 8 and 15 shall survive such termination and
remain in full force and effect.

Section 10. Default
by One or More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Securities which
it or they are obligated to purchase hereunder (the Defaulted Securities), then the Representatives shall have the right,
within 36 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase
all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if,
however, the Representatives shall not have completed such arrangements within such 36-hour period, then:

(a) if
the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number or aggregate principal
amount, as the case may be, of Securities to be purchased hereunder, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and
not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations hereunder bear to the
underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or

(b) if
the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number or aggregate principal
amount, as the case may be, of Securities to be purchased hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any
non-defaulting Underwriter.

No action taken pursuant to
this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.

25

In the event of any such default
which does not result in a termination of this Agreement, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the
Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
or in any other documents or arrangements.

Section 11. Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted
by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives: BofA Securities, Inc
at c/o BofA Securities, Inc., 114 West 47th Street NY8-114-07-01 New York, New York 10036, Attention: High Grade Transaction
Management/Legal (facsimile: (212) 901-7881), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York,
New York 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk (fax no.: (212) 834-6081), U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. at c/o U.S.
Bancorp Investments, Inc., 214 N. Tryon St., 26th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202, Attention: Credit Fixed income, facsimile:
704-335-2393 and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, at 550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor, Charlotte,
North Carolina 28202, Attention: Transaction Management, Email: tmgcapitalmarkets@wellsfargo.com; and notices to the Company shall be
directed to it at 123 South Front Street, Memphis, Tennessee 38103, Attention: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (facsimile
number: (901) 495-8374).

Section 12. No
Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant
to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions,
is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand,
(b) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been
acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other
party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect
to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently
advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated
hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be
engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and (e) the Underwriters have
not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted
its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. Any review by the Underwriters of the Company,
the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Underwriters
and shall not be on behalf of the Company.

Section 13. Integration.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Underwriters,
or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

26

Section 14. Parties.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company, the Representatives and any other Underwriters and their
respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or
corporation, other than the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and
directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein or therein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof
and thereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors, and
said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person,
firm or corporation. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.

Section 15. Governing
Law and Time. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SPECIFIED TIMES
OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.

Section 16. Effect
of Headings. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect
the construction hereof.

Section 17. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic
signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act
or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have
been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

Section 18. Recognition
of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer
from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent
as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to
be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

As used in this Section 18:

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned
to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

27

Covered Entity means any
of the following:

(i) a covered entity
as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank
as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined
in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning assigned to
that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each
of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

[Signature Page Follows]

28

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this Agreement, along
with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement between the Representatives and the Company in accordance with its terms.

Sincerely,

AUTOZONE, INC.

By: /s/ Jamere Jackson

Name: Jamere Jackson

Title: Chief Financial Officer

By: /s/ Brian L. Campbell

Name: Brian L. Campbell

Title: Vice President & Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement]

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,

as of the date first above written on behalf of 

themselves and as Representatives of the underwriters

named in Schedule I hereto:

J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC 

By: /s/ Som Bhattacharyya 

Authorized Signatory 

Name: Som Bhattacharyya 

Title: Executive Director 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement]

BOFa Securities, Inc. 

By: /s/ Christoper
Cote 

Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement]

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC. 

By: /s/ Chris Cicoletti 

Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement]

Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC 

By: /s/
Carolyn Hurley 

Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement]

Schedule I

Underwriter Principal Amount of Notes

to be Purchased 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 75,755,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 75,755,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $ 75,755,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $ 75,755,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 75,755,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC $ 24,910,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC $ 24,910,000 

BBVA Securities Inc. $ 4,985,000 

Capital One Securities, Inc. $ 4,985,000 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. $ 4,985,000 

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC $ 4,985,000 

Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. $ 4,985,000 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $ 4,985,000 

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. $ 4,985,000 

Huntington Securities, Inc. $ 4,985,000 

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. $ 4,985,000 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $ 4,985,000 

Regions Securities LLC $ 4,985,000 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC $ 4,985,000 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. $ 4,985,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 4,985,000 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC $ 1,615,000 

Total $ 500,000,000 

S I-1

Schedule II

Final Term Sheet

[See attached.]

S II-1

Schedule III

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus dated April 10, 2025

S III-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Officers Certificate

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE

PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.2 OF THE INDENTURE

AUTOZONE, INC.

$500,000,000 5.125% Senior Notes due 2030

April 14, 2025

A.Pursuant
to resolutions of the Board of Directors of AutoZone, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), adopted at a duly noticed
and held meeting of the Board of Directors on October 8-9, 2024 (the Resolutions), the undersigned, Brian L. Campbell,
Vice President & Treasurer of the Company, and Scott Murphy, Vice President & Controller of the Company, certify that
pursuant to the Resolutions and Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2003 (the Indenture), between
the Company and Regions Bank, as successor in interest to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor in interest to
Bank One Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee), there is hereby established a series of Securities (as that term
is defined in the Indenture), the terms and form of which shall be as follows (capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Indenture):

(a)The
title of the series of the Securities shall be 5.125% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes).

(b)The
Notes shall be issued at a price of 99.334% of the principal amount thereof.

(c)The
aggregate principal amount of the Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (except for Notes authenticated and
delivered upon registration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Sections 3.7, 3.8, 3.11, 4.7 or
10.6 of the Indenture) initially shall be $500,000,000. The Company may, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, create and issue
additional Notes ranking equally and ratably with the Notes and otherwise identical to the Notes in all respects, except for the payment
of interest accruing prior to the issue date of such additional Notes and, in some cases, the first payment of interest following the
issue date of such additional Notes and the initial interest accrual date thereof, so that such further Notes shall form a single series
with the Notes.

(d)The
principal amount of the Notes shall be payable in full on June 15, 2030 subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture.

(e)The
Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.125% per annum from April 14, 2025, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which
interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 of each year (each an Interest
Payment Date), commencing on December 15, 2025 until the principal amount of the Notes has been paid or duly provided for.
The June 1 and December 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding an Interest Payment Date, shall
be a Regular Record Date for the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date.

(f)The
principal of and interest on the Notes shall be payable at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee in Atlanta, Georgia.

1

(g)The
Notes will be redeemable at the Companys option at any time in whole or from time to time in part. Prior to May 15, 2030 (one
month prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal
places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and
interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30- day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued
to, but not including, the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either
case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for
the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone
yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis
(using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15
closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be
deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from
the redemption date.

If on the third business day preceding the redemption
date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual
equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States
Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call
Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two
or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria
of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury
security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities
at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield
to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal
places.

2

The Companys actions and determinations
in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no
duty or obligation to calculate the redemption price or to confirm or verify the Companys calculation of the redemption price.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically
delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before
the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed.

Any notice of any redemption may be given prior
to the redemption thereof, and any such redemption or notice may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions
precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of an equity offering or other corporate transaction.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection
of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate
and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice
of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal
amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation
of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream (or another depositary), the redemption of the
Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the
redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

(h)The
Notes will be issued only in registered form in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

(i)The
Notes shall be issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities. Such Global Securities may be exchanged in whole
or in part for individual Securities in definitive form only on the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The initial Depository
for such Global Securities shall be The Depository Trust Company.

(j)The
Notes shall be denominated in Dollars and the payment of the principal of and interest on the Notes shall be in Dollars.

(k)The
Notes shall be defeasible as provided in Article IX of the Indenture.

(l)The
Notes shall not be subject to any mandatory sinking fund.

3

(m)If
a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs with respect to the Notes, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes
as described in Section 4.2 of the Indenture and clause (A)(g) of this Officers Certificate, Holders of Notes shall have
the right to require the Company to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral
multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the Change of Control
Offer) on the terms set forth in the Notes. In the Change of Control Offer, the Company shall be required to offer payment in cash
equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased
to the date of repurchase (the Change of Control Payment). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event
or, at the Companys option, prior to the date of the consummation of any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of
the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall be required to mail a notice to the Holders
of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control
Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the applicable notice, which date will be no earlier than
30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the Change of Control Payment Date), pursuant to
the procedures required by the Notes and described in such notice. The notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of the consummation of
the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or
prior to the applicable Change of Control Payment Date. The Company must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange
Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with
the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws
or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Triggering Event provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with the applicable
securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Triggering Event
provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflicts.

Capital Stock
of a corporation means the capital stock of every class whether now or hereafter authorized, regardless of whether such capital stock
shall be limited to a fixed sum or percentage with respect to the rights of the holders thereof to participate in dividends and in the
distribution of assets upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such corporation.

Change of
Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other
disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more series of related transactions, of all or substantially all
of the Companys assets and the assets of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person, other than the Company or one of its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person, other than the Company or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction
(including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys outstanding Voting
Stock or other Voting Stock into which the Companys Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured
by voting power rather than number of shares; (3) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person
consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Companys
outstanding Voting Stock or the Voting Stock of such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property,
other than any such transaction where the shares of the Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction
constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving Person or any direct or indirect parent
company of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or (4) the adoption of a plan relating to the
Companys liquidation or dissolution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not be deemed to involve a Change of Control
under clause (2) above if (i) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii)(A) the
direct or indirect Holders of the Voting Stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same
as the Holders of the Companys Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (B) immediately following that transaction
no Person (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly,
of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such holding company.

4

Change of
Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Rating Event.

Fitch
means Fitch Inc., and its successors.

Investment
Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys
and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Rating
Agencies selected by the Company.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and its successors.

Person
has the meaning given thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.

Rating Agencies
means (A) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P; and (B) if any of Fitch, Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the Notes
or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized
statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as
certified by a resolution of the Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P, or all of them, as the
case may be.

Rating Event
means the rating on the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies and the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade
Rating by at least two of the three Rating Agencies on any day during the period (which period will be extended so long as the rating
of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) commencing 60 days prior
to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and
ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control.

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Voting Stock
means, with respect to any specified Person that is a corporation as of any date, the Capital Stock of such person that is at the time
entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person.

(n)On
each Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall be required, to the extent lawful, to:

(i) 
accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to
the applicable Change of Control Offer;

(ii) deposit
with the paying agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered;
and

(iii)deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers' Certificate stating the aggregate principal
amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased.

5

The paying agent will promptly
mail to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Note, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate
and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of
any Notes surrendered; provided that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess
thereof. The Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event
if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by
the Company and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Company will
not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default under the Indenture,
other than a Default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

(o)Any
reference to a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, distribution, assignment, sale, transfer, disposition or similar term, shall be deemed
to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or an allocation of assets of a limited liability
company, limited partnership or trust (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, consolidation, amalgamation,
distribution, assignment, sale, transfer, disposition or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of
a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited
liability company, limited partnership or trust that is a subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such
a Person or entity).

(p)The
Company shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the
Company or any Subsidiary of any Property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Subsidiary to such Person
more than 270 days following the Companys or its Subsidiarys acquisition of such Property, with the intention of taking
back a lease of such Property (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction) unless the terms of such sale or transfer have been determined
by the Board of Directors to be fair and arms length and either:

(i) within
12 months after the receipt of the proceeds of the sale or transfer, the Company or any Subsidiary apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of the sale or transfer or the fair value of such Property at the time of such sale or transfer to the prepayment
or retirement (other than any mandatory prepayment or retirement) of Senior Funded Debt; or

(ii) the
Company or such Subsidiary would be entitled, at the effective date of the sale or transfer, to incur debt secured by a Lien on such Property
in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction, without equally and ratably securing
the Notes pursuant to Section 5.8 of the Indenture.

The foregoing restriction
in the paragraph above shall not apply to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction (i) for a term of not more than three years including
renewals; or (ii) between the Company and a Subsidiary or between Subsidiaries, provided that the lessor is the Company or a wholly
owned Subsidiary.

Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, at the time of determination, the present value discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease (as determined in good faith by the Company) of the obligations of the lessee under such
lease for net rental payments during the remaining term of the lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may,
at the Companys option, be extended).

6

Funded Debt
means debt which matures more than one year from the date of creation, or which is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor
so that it may become payable more than one year from such date or which is classified, in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles, as long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet for the most recently ended fiscal quarter (or if incurred
subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, would have been so classified) of the person for which the determination is being made.
Funded Debt does not include (1) obligations created pursuant to leases, (2) any debt or portion thereof maturing by its terms
within one year from the time of any computation of the amount of outstanding Funded Debt unless such debt shall be extendable or renewable
at the sole option of the obligor in such manner that it may become payable more than one year from such time, or (3) any debt for
which money in the amount necessary for the payment or redemption of such debt is deposited in trust either at or before the maturity
date thereof.

Senior Funded
Debt means all Funded Debt of the Company or its Subsidiaries (except Funded Debt, the payment of which is subordinated to the
payment of the Notes).

(q)The
definition of Permitted Liens as set forth in Section 1.1 of the Indenture is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
with the following with respect to the Notes:

(i) Liens
(other than Liens created or imposed under ERISA) for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet subject to penalties
for non-timely payment or Liens for taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves determined
in accordance with GAAP have been established (and as to which the Property subject to any such Lien is not yet subject to foreclosure,
sale or loss on account thereof);

(ii) statutory
Liens of landlords and Liens of mechanics, materialmen warehousemen, carriers and suppliers and other Liens imposed by law or pursuant
to customary reservations or retentions of title arising in the ordinary course of business, provided that any such Liens which are material
secure only amounts not yet due and payable or, if due and payable, are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce the same
or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves determined in accordance with GAAP have been
established (and as to which the Property subject to any such Lien is not yet subject to foreclosure, sale or loss on account thereof);

(iii) Liens (other
than Liens created or imposed under ERISA) incurred or deposits made by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business
in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security, laws or regulations, or to
secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, trade or government contracts, surety, indemnification, appeal,
performance and return-of-money bonds, letters of credit, bankers acceptances and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations
for the payment of borrowed money), or as security for customs or import duties and related amounts;

(iv) Liens in
connection with attachments or judgments (including judgment or appeal bonds), provided that the judgments secured shall, within 30 days
after the entry thereof, have been discharged or execution thereof stayed pending appeal, or shall have been discharged within 30 days
after the expiration of any such stay;

(v) Liens securing
indebtedness incurred (including capital leases) to finance the purchase price or cost of construction of Property (or additions, substantial
repairs, alterations or substantial improvements thereto), provided that such Liens and the indebtedness secured thereby are incurred
within twelve months of the later of acquisition or completion of construction (or addition, repair, alteration or improvement) and full
operation thereof;

7

(vi)Liens
securing industrial revenue bonds, pollution control bonds or similar types of tax-exempt bonds;

(vii)Liens
arising from deposits with, or the giving of any form of security to, any governmental agency required as a condition to the transaction
of business or exercise of any privilege, franchise or license;

(viii) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar charges or encumbrances
not, in any material respect, impairing the use of the encumbered Property for its intended purposes;

(ix) leases or
subleases granted to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(x)Liens on Property at the time such Property is acquired by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries;

(xi)Liens
on Property of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company;

(xii)Liens
on receivables from customers sold to third parties pursuant to credit arrangements in the ordinary course of business;

(xiii)Liens
existing on April 14, 2025 to secure Debt existing on April 14, 2025, or any extensions, amendments, renewals, refinancings,
replacements or other modifications thereto;

(xiv)Liens
securing Debt of a Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or to another Subsidiary of the Company that is not a subsidiary of the debtor;

(xv) Liens on
any Property created, assumed or otherwise brought into existence in contemplation of the sale or other disposition of the underlying
Property, whether directly or indirectly, by way of share disposition or otherwise;

(xvi)Liens
in favor of the United States of America or any State thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof,
to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments;

(xvii) Liens
to secure Debt of joint ventures in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an interest, to the extent such Liens are on Property
of, or equity interests in, such joint ventures;

(xviii) other
Liens on Property of the Company and its Subsidiaries securing Debt having an aggregate principal amount (or deemed amount, in the case
of Attributable Debt) not to exceed, as of any date of incurrence of such secured debt pursuant to this clause (xviii) and after
giving effect to such incurrence and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the greater of (1) $1.5 billion and (2) 15%
of the Company's Consolidated Net Tangible Assets;

8

(xix) Liens arising
solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies
as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a depositary institution;

(xx) Liens arising
from financing statement filings regarding operating leases;

(xxi) Liens securing
the financing of insurance premiums payable on insurance policies; provided, that such Liens shall only encumber unearned premiums with
respect to such insurance, interests in any state guarantee fund relating to such insurance and subject and subordinate to the rights
and interests of any loss payee, loss payments which shall reduce such unearned premiums;

(xxii) Liens
securing cash management obligations (that do not constitute indebtedness), or arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment
or similar arrangements for sale of goods and contractual rights of set-off relating to purchase orders and other similar arrangements,
in each case in the ordinary course of business; and

(xxiii) Liens
on any property or assets of Foreign Subsidiaries securing debt of such Foreign Subsidiaries (but not debt of the Company or any domestic
subsidiary).

(r)Section 7.1(e) of
the Indenture is hereby amended with respect to the Notes by replacing the reference to $35 million set forth therein with
a reference to $200 million.

(s)Clauses
(g), (h) and (i) of Section 10.1 of the Indenture are hereby deleted in their entirety and the following clauses (g), (h),
(i), (j) and (k) are hereby inserted with respect to the Notes to read as follows:

(g)to
make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder in any material respect, as evidenced by an officers certificate
delivered to the Trustee (upon which it may fully rely);

(h)conform
the text of the Indenture or the Securities to any provision of the related Description of Notes in the related prospectus
supplement;

(i)establish additional series of Securities as permitted by this indenture; or

(j)comply
with requirements of the SEC in order to maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA; or

(k)evidence
the acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee.

(t)The
Notes shall be entitled to the benefit of the covenants in Article V of the Indenture.

(u)The
Notes constitute senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment among themselves and with all other
existing and future senior, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the Company.

(v)There
shall be no Events of Default other than those provided in Section 7.1 of the Indenture and the failure by the Company to comply
with the provisions of clauses A.(m) or (n) hereof.

9

(w)The
Notes shall have additional terms and conditions as set forth in, and shall be substantially in the form of, Annex A attached hereto,
with such modifications thereto as may be approved by the authorized officer or officers executing the same.

(x)The
Trustee shall be the trustee for or on behalf of the Holders of the Notes.

B.The
undersigned hereby approve the sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes by the Company to the Underwriters listed in Schedule
I to that certain Underwriting Agreement dated April 10, 2025 and in accordance with and pursuant to the terms thereof at a net purchase
price to the Company of 99.334% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest, if any from April 14, 2025, and with an initial
price to the public of 99.936% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest, if any from April 14, 2025.

The Indenture, as supplemented
by this Officers Certificate, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Officers Certificate shall be deemed part
of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided.

This Officers Certificate
may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and
hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature
covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other
applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly
and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

THIS OFFICERS CERTIFICATE
AND THE SECURITIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF.

(Signature page follows)

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has
hereunto signed his name as of the date first set forth above.

By: /s/
Jamere Jackson

Name: Jamere
Jackson

Title: Chief Financial Officer

By: /s/ Brian
L. Campbell

Name: Brian L. Campbell

Title: Vice President & Treasurer

By: /s/ Scott
Murphy

Name: Scott Murphy

Title: Vice President & Controller

[Signature Page to Officers
Certificate Pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture (2030 Notes)]

ANNEX A

Form of Note

[See attached.]

[Annex A to Officers'
Certificate Pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture ([2030] Notes)]

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING
OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY. THIS NOTE IS
EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED
IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY, BY A NOMINEE OF
THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY
OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY. UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE COMPANY
OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &
CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO.
OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR
VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

No. [] 

CUSIP: 053332BM3 $[]

AUTOZONE, INC.

[FORM OF] 5.125% Senior Notes due 2030

Original Issue Date: [], 20[]

Interest Payment Dates: June 15 and December 15

Maturity Date: June 15, 2030

Interest Rate: 5.125%

AUTOZONE, INC., a Nevada
corporation (hereinafter called the Company, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter
referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of[] dollars ($[]) (the Principal Amount) on the Maturity Date shown above, except as provided below, and to pay
interest thereon at the rate per annum shown above. (Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture
referred to below unless otherwise indicated.) The Company will pay interest semiannually on the Interest Payment Dates, commencing on
December 15, 2025. Interest on this Note will accrue from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or
duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the Original Issue Date shown above. The interest so payable,
and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the person in whose
name this Note (or one or more predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest,
which shall be the June 1 or the December 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest
Payment Date.

2

Payment of the principal of
and interest on this Note will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee in Atlanta, Georgia, in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

If the Company defaults in
a payment of interest on this Note, it shall pay the defaulted interest, plus, to the extent permitted by law, any interest payable on
the defaulted interest, to the persons who are Securityholders of this Note on a subsequent special record date. The Company shall fix
that record date and payment date. At least ten (10) days before that record date, the Company shall mail to the Trustee and to each
Securityholder a notice that states that record date, the payment date and the amount of interest and any interest thereon to be paid.
The Company may pay defaulted interest and any interest thereon in any other lawful manner.

This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of securities of the Company (the Securities) of the Series hereinafter specified, all issued under
and pursuant to an indenture, dated as of August 8, 2003, together with the Officers Certificate dated April 14, 2025
(the Officers Certificate), establishing the terms of the Notes (the Indenture), between the Company
and Regions Bank (as successor in interest to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to Bank One Trust
Company, N.A.)), as Trustee (the Trustee), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby
made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company
and Holders of the Securities. The aggregate principal amount of Securities that may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture
is unlimited. The Securities may be issued in one or more Series, which different Series may be issued in various aggregate principal
amounts, may mature at different times, may bear interest, if any, at different rates, may be subject to different redemption provisions,
if any, may be subject to different sinking, purchase or analogous funds, if any, may be subject to different covenants and Events of
Default and may otherwise vary as in the Indenture provided. This Note is one of a Series designated as the 5.125% Senior
Notes due 2030 of the Company (herein referred to as the Notes), initially issued in an aggregate principal amount
of five hundred million dollars ($500,000,000). The Company may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the holders of
the Notes, create and issue additional Notes ranking equally and ratably with the Notes and otherwise identical in all respects, except
for the issue price, the issue date, the payment of interest accruing prior to the issue date of such additional Notes and, in some cases,
the first payment of interest following the issue date of such additional Notes and the initial interest accrual date thereof, so that
such further Notes shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes.

The Notes constitute senior
unsecured debt obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment among themselves and with all other existing and future
senior, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the Company.

In accordance with and subject
to the provisions of the Officers Certificate, the Holders of the Notes may require that the Company repurchase the Notes if a
Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred.

3

The Notes will be redeemable
at the Companys option at any time in whole or from time to time in part. Prior to May 15, 2030 (one month prior to their
maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and
from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to
the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a
360-day year consisting of twelve 30- day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but not
including, the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued
and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date,
the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be redeemed to, but not including, the redemption
date.

Treasury Rate
means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be
determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield
or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation
or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal
(or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable:
(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date
(the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding
to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date
on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if
there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or
maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury
constant maturity from the redemption date.

4

If on the third business day
preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum
equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption
date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there
is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a
maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date
following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call
Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities
meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities
the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United
States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph,
the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and
rounded to three decimal places.

The Companys actions
and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will
be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days
but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed.

Any notice of any redemption
may be given prior to the redemption thereof, and any such redemption or notice may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to
one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of an equity offering or other corporate transaction.

In the case of a partial redemption,
selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems
appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part
only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new
Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender
for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream (or another depositary), the
redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

Unless the Company defaults
in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called
for redemption.

The Notes will not be subject
to, or have the benefit of, any sinking fund.

In case an Event of Default
(as defined in the Indenture) with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal hereof may be declared, or
shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture
provides that, subject to certain conditions therein set forth, any such declaration of acceleration and its consequences may be waived
by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes.

5

The Indenture contains provisions
permitting the Company and the Trustee, with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding
Notes to be affected thereby, as provided in the Indenture, to enter into supplemental indentures adding any provisions to or changing
in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or modifying in any manner the rights
of the Holders of the Notes; and the Indenture also contains provisions allowing the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount
of the outstanding Notes to waive compliance with any provision of the Indenture or this Note; provided, however, that no
such supplemental indenture or amendment or waiver may, without the consent of each Holder of Notes to be affected (a) reduce the
amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; (b) reduce the rate of, change the method of determination
of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any Note; (c) reduce the principal or change the Stated
Maturity of any Note; (d) make any change in the provisions concerning waivers of Events of Default by Holders or the rights of Holders
to recover the principal of or interest on any Note; (e) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of or
interest on any Note (except a rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the
outstanding Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); (f) make the principal of or interest
on any Note payable in any currency other than that stated in the Note; (g) make any change in Sections 7.8, 7.13, or 10.3 of the
Indenture; or (h) waive a redemption payment with respect to any Note. The Indenture also provides that the Holders of not less than
a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes waive any past Default under the
Indenture with respect to the Notes and its consequences, except a Default (i) in the payment of the principal of or interest on
any Note (provided, however, that the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and
its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration) or (ii) in respect of a covenant or
provision hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Notes affected. Upon any such
waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose
of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Any such
waiver by the Holders of the Notes shall be conclusive and binding upon the Holder of this Note and upon all future Holders and owners
of this Note and of any Note issued upon the transfer hereof or in exchange or substitution hereof.

No reference herein to the
Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and
unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein and
in the Indenture prescribed.

As provided in the Indenture
and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registrable by the Holder hereof on the register of
the Company, upon due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer at the office of the Registrar, or at the office of any co-registrar
duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to, the Company and the Registrar or any such
co-registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized
denominations and for an equal principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

6

No service charge shall be
made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer
tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith.

The Notes are issuable only
as registered Notes without coupons in denominations equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided
in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Notes are exchangeable for new Notes of any authorized denominations
of an equal principal amount as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

Notwithstanding the other
provisions of the Indenture, payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on any Note represented by a Global Security shall be made
to the Holder thereof. The Company and the Trustee understand that interest on any such Global Security will be disbursed or credited
by the Depository to the persons having beneficial ownership thereof pursuant to a book-entry or other system maintained by the Depository.

Except as provided in the
foregoing paragraph, the Company, the Trustee and any Agent shall treat a person as the Holder of such principal amount of outstanding
Notes represented by a Global Security as shall be specified in a written statement of the Depository with respect to such Global Security,
for purposes of obtaining any consents, declarations, waivers or directions required to be given by the Holders pursuant to this Indenture.

The Holder of this Note shall
not have recourse for the payment of principal of or interest on this Note or for any claim based on this Note or the Indenture against
any director, officer, employee or stockholder, as such, of the Company. By acceptance of this Note, the Holder waives and releases all
such liability.

THE INDENTURE AND THIS NOTE
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF.

All terms used but not defined
in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of
authentication has been executed by manual signature of the Trustee, this Note shall not be valid.

[Signature Pages Follow]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be duly executed manually or in facsimile.

Date: [], 20[]

AUTOZONE, INC.

By: 

Name: Brian
L. Campbell

Title: Vice President & Treasurer

By: 

Name: Scott Murphy

Title: Vice President & Controller

Signature Page to Global Note (2030) (No. [])

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities of the

Series designated therein, referred to

in the within mentioned Indenture.

REGIONS BANK, (AS SUCCESSOR
IN INTEREST TO THE BANK OF NEW york MELLON TRUST company, N.A.), as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Global Note (2030) (No. [])
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

21 Platform Way South, Suite 3500

Nashville, TN 37203

(615) 742-6200 

April 14, 2025

AutoZone, Inc.

123 South Front Street

Memphis, Tennessee 38103

Re: AutoZone, Inc. 5.125% Senior Notes due 2030

We have acted as counsel to
AutoZone, Inc. (the Company) in connection with the issuance of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of the Companys 5.125% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), pursuant to the Companys Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File Number: 333-266209) (the Registration Statement), including a base prospectus,
dated July 19, 2022 (the Base Prospectus), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the final prospectus supplement,
dated April 10, 2025, filed with the Commission on April 14, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act
(collectively with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

The Notes are to be issued
pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2003, by and between the Company and Regions Bank, as successor
trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by an officers certificate relating to the Notes, dated as of
April 14, 2025 (collectively, the Indenture), including the forms of global notes representing the Notes.

In connection with this opinion,
we have examined and relied upon such records, documents, certificates and other instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate
to form the basis for the opinions hereinafter set forth. In all such examinations, we have assumed the genuineness of signatures on original
documents and the conformity to such original documents of all copies submitted to us as certified, conformed or photographic copies,
and as to certificates of public officials, we have assumed the same to have been properly given and to be accurate. As to facts material
to the opinion expressed herein, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company,
public officials and others.

We have assumed for purposes
of this opinion that (a) each of the Company and the Trustee is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of organization; (b) each of the Company and the Trustee has the requisite power and authority to execute and
deliver and to perform its obligations under each of the Indenture and the Notes; (c) each of the Company and the Trustee has duly
authorized, executed and delivered each of the Indenture and the Notes (except that no such assumption is made with respect to execution
and delivery thereof by the Company under the laws of the State of New York); (d) each of the Indenture and the Notes constitutes
a legally valid and binding agreement of the Trustee, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms; and (e) the Trustee is
in compliance, generally and with respect to acting as Trustee under the Indenture, with all applicable laws and regulations.

To the extent our opinion
set forth below relates to the enforceability of the choice of New York law and choice of New York forum provisions of the Indenture and
the Notes, our opinion is rendered in reliance upon N.Y. Gen. Oblig. Law 5-1401, 5-1402 and N.Y. C.P.L.R. 327(b) and
is subject to the qualification that such enforceability may be limited by public policy considerations of any jurisdiction, other than
the courts of the State of New York, in which enforcement of such provisions, or of a judgment upon an agreement containing such provisions,
is sought. We have also assumed that the Company has complied with all aspects of applicable laws of jurisdictions other than the State
of New York in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Indenture.

Our opinion set forth herein
is limited to the laws of the State of New York that, in our experience, are applicable to the Notes and, to the extent that judicial
or regulatory orders or decrees or consents, approvals, licenses, authorizations, validations, filings, recordings or registrations with
governmental authorities are relevant, to those required under such laws (all of the foregoing being referred to as Covered
Law). We do not express any opinion with respect to the law of any jurisdiction other than the Covered Law or as to the
effect of any non-covered law on the opinion herein stated, or as to the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction.
The opinion expressed in this opinion letter is strictly limited to the matters stated in this opinion letter and no other opinions are
to be implied.

bassberry.com

April 14, 2025

Page 2

Based upon and subject to
the foregoing and the limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions set forth herein, and assuming that (i) the Indenture
and the Notes have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the Trustee, (ii) the final terms of the
Notes have been duly established and approved by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and (iii) the Notes have
been duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the
purchasers thereof, we are of the opinion that the Notes will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with the terms thereof.

The opinion rendered in the
above paragraph is subject to the following exceptions, limitations and qualifications: (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, fraudulent transfer and fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to
or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors; (ii) the effect of general principles of equity (including, without limitation,
concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing and the possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive
relief and other equitable remedies), regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity; (iii) the unenforceability
under certain circumstances under law or court decisions of provisions providing for the indemnification of or contribution to a party
with respect to a liability where such indemnification or contribution is contrary to public policy; and (iv) the unenforceability
of any provision requiring the payment of attorneys fees, where such payment is contrary to law or public policy. We express no
opinion (i) concerning the enforceability of any waiver of rights or defenses with respect to stay, extension or usury laws, (ii) with
respect to whether acceleration of the Notes may affect the collectability of any portion of the stated principal amount thereof which
might be determined to constitute unearned interest thereon or (iii) as to the enforceability of any provision to the extent it requires
any party to indemnify any other person against loss in obtaining the currency due following a court judgment rendered in another currency.
The opinions rendered in the above paragraph do not include opinions with respect to compliance with laws relating to permissible rates
of interest.

In rendering the opinion set
forth above, we have assumed that the execution and delivery by the Company of the Indenture and the Notes and the performance by the
Company of its obligations thereunder do not and will not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under any agreement or instrument
to which the Company or its properties is subject. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to
the Registration Statement through a Current Report on Form 8-K. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the caption
Legal Matters in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we
are included in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
of the Commission promulgated thereunder. This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim
any undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable
law.

Yours very truly,

/s/ Bass, Berry &
Sims PLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_ex5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP

702.382.2101 main

100 North City Parkway, Suite 1600

Las Vegas, Nevada 89106

April 14, 2025

AutoZone, Inc.

123 South Front Street

Memphis, Tennessee 38103

To the addressee set forth above:

We have acted as local Nevada counsel to AutoZone, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the Company), in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266209) (the Registration
Statement), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), including the prospectus,
dated July 19, 2022, contained therein (the Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the prospectus supplement,
dated April 10, 2025, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) under the Act (the Prospectus
Supplement, and together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), of $500,000,000 aggregate principal
amount of the Companys 5.125% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), issued pursuant to that certain Indenture,
dated as of August 8, 2003, by and between the Company and Regions Bank (successor in interest to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., which in turn was successor in interest to Bank One Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, as supplemented by the officers
certificate, dated as of April 14, 2025 (the Officers Certificate), relating to the Notes (as so supplemented,
the Indenture).

For purposes of issuing this opinion letter, we
have made such legal and factual examinations and inquiries, including an examination of originals or copies certified or otherwise identified
to our satisfaction as being true copies of, (i) the Registration Statement, including the Prospectus, (ii) the Indenture, (iii) the
global notes representing the Notes (collectively, the Global Notes), (iv) the articles of incorporation and
bylaws, of the Company, each as amended to date, (v) the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company with respect to the
Indenture, the Notes and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (v) such other documents, agreements, instruments, and corporate
records and proceedings as we have deemed necessary or appropriate. We have also obtained from officers and other representatives of the
Company and from public officials, and have relied upon, such certificates, representations and assurances as we have deemed necessary
or appropriate for the purpose of issuing the opinions set forth herein.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
in issuing this opinion letter, we have, with your permission, assumed without independent verification that: (i) the statements
of fact and all representations and warranties set forth in the documents we have examined are true and correct as to factual matters,
in each case as of the date or dates of such documents and as of the date hereof; (ii) each natural person executing a document has
sufficient legal capacity to do so; (iii) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic, the signatures on all documents
that we have examined are genuine and all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed, photostatic, facsimile or electronic copies
conform to the original documents; and (iv) all corporate records made available to us by the Company, and all public records we
have reviewed, are accurate and complete.

www.bhfs.com

AutoZone, Inc.

April 14, 2025

Page 2

We are qualified to practice law in the State of
Nevada. The opinions set forth herein are expressly limited to and based exclusively on the general corporate laws of the State of Nevada
in effect on the date hereof, and we do not purport to be experts on, or to express any opinion with respect to the applicability or effect
of, the laws of any other jurisdiction. We express no opinion herein concerning, and we assume no responsibility as to laws or judicial
decisions related to, or any orders, consents or other authorizations or approvals as may be required by, any federal laws, rules or
regulations, including, without limitation, any federal securities laws, rules or regulations, or any state securities or blue
sky laws, rules or regulations.

Based on the foregoing, and in reliance thereon,
and having regard to legal considerations and other information that we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:

1.The
Company is validly existing as a corporation and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada.

2.The
execution and delivery by the Company of the Global Notes and the Officers Certificate, and the performance by the Company of its
obligations under the Indenture and the Global Notes, have been duly authorized by the Company.

3.The
Notes have been duly authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to the Indenture.

4.The
Global Notes and the Officers Certificate have been executed and delivered by the Company.

In delivering this opinion letter to you, we disclaim
any obligation to update or supplement the opinions set forth herein or to apprise you of any changes in any laws or facts after the later
of the date hereof and the filing date of the Prospectus Supplement. No opinion is offered or implied as to any matter, and no inference
may be drawn, beyond the strict scope of the specific issues expressly addressed by the opinions set forth herein.

We hereby consent to your filing this opinion letter
as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration
Statement and to the reference to our firm in the Prospectus under the heading Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we
do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations
of the Commission promulgated thereunder. Subject to all of the qualifications, limitations, exceptions, restrictions and assumptions
set forth herein, Bass, Berry & Sims PLC may rely on this opinion letter as if it were an addressee hereof on this date for the
sole purpose of issuing its opinion letter to the Company relating to the registration of the Notes, as filed with the Commission.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>azo-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>azo-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>azo-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_ex5-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 1-10714

Entity Registrant Name AutoZone, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000866787

Entity Tax Identification Number 62-1482048

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 123 South Front Street

Entity Address, City or Town Memphis

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 38103

City Area Code 901

Local Phone Number 495-6500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol AZO

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://autozone.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

azo-20250410.xsd 
azo-20250410_lab.xml 
azo-20250410_pre.xml 
tm2512262d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-034681-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm2512262d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000866787 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000866787 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
AutoZone, Inc. 
NV 
1-10714 
62-1482048 
123 South Front Street 
Memphis 
TN 
38103 
901 
495-6500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
AZO 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>