<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-001633.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-001633.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107160601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-001633
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			La Rosa Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001879403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE AGENTS & MANAGERS (FOR OTHERS) [6531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				871641189
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41588
		FILM NUMBER:		25514916

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 CELEBRATION BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			CELEBRATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-592-4667

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 CELEBRATION BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			CELEBRATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34747
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226975-8k_larosa.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000187940300018794032024-12-312024-12-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 31, 2024

La Rosa Holdings Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41588 87-1641189

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1420 Celebration Blvd., 2nd Floor

Celebration, Florida 34747

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (321) 250-1799

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value LRHC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

The disclosure contained in Item 2.01 of this
Current Report is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.01 Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets

On December 31, 2024,
La Rosa Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), consummated its acquisition of (1) 100% of the membership
interests (the Baxpi Membership Interests) of Baxpi Holdings LLC, a Florida limited liability company and a franchisee
of the Company (Baxpi), and (2) 100% of the membership interests (the Beaches Membership Interests,
and together with Baxpi Membership Interests, the Membership Interests) of La Rosa Realty Beaches LLC, a Florida
limited liability company and a franchisee of the Company (Beaches), pursuant to that certain membership interest
purchase agreement, dated December 31, 2024 (the Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company, Baxpi, Beaches and
the selling member of (the Selling Member) of Baxpi and Beaches (the Transaction).

The purchase price for
the Membership Interests was $1,136,177.34 consisting of (i) a cash payment of $100,000 (the Cash Payment), and (ii)
$1,036,177.34 in unregistered shares of common stock of the Company, which was settled by the issuance of 1,193,752 unregistered shares
of the Companys common stock to the Selling Member based on $0.868 per share, the closing price of the Companys common stock
reported by Nasdaq for the previous trading day. The shares issued as consideration for the acquisition of the Membership Interests are
referred to as the Purchase Shares. The Cash Payment will be settled in two (2) equal installments in accordance
with the schedule agreed in the Purchase Agreement

Concurrently with the Transaction, on December
31, 2024, the Selling Member entered into a lock-up/leak-out agreement (the Lock-up Agreement) with the Company pursuant
to which the Selling Member may not sell more than one-twelfth of their Purchase Shares per calendar month during the one year period
commencing after the six-month holding period under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), subject to applicable securities laws.

The foregoing summaries
of the Purchase Agreement and the Lock-up Agreement purport to be summaries only and are qualified in their entireties by reference to
such agreements, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are
incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 3.02. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

As disclosed under Item
2.01 of this Form 8-K, on December 31, 2024, the Company issued 1,193,752 unregistered shares of the Companys common stock to the
Selling Member pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

The Company issued the
foregoing shares of common stock pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act available to the Company
under Section 4(a)(2) promulgated thereunder due to the fact that the issuance did not involve a public offering of securities.

Item 9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Form
of Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2024, by and among La Rosa Holdings Corp., La Rosa Realty Beaches LLC,
Baxpi Holdings LLC, and the Selling Member

10.2 Form
of Leak-Out Agreement, dated December 31, 2024, between La Rosa Holdings Corp. and the Selling Member

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 7, 2025 LA ROSA HOLDINGS CORP.

By: /s/ Joseph La Rosa

Name: Joseph La Rosa

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022697501ex10-1_larosa.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 31, 2024, BY AND AMONG LA ROSA HOLDINGS CORP., LA ROSA REALTY BEACHES LLC, BAXPI HOLDINGS LLC, AND THE SELLING MEMBER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of December 31, 2024 (the Effective
Date), by and among LA ROSA HOLDINGS CORP., a Nevada corporation (the Buyer), CARRIE PIETROWSKI
(the Seller), BAXPI HOLDINGS LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Baxpi)
located at: 2700 W Cypress Creek Rd., Suite D100, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309, and LA ROSA REALTY BEACHES LLC, a Florida limited
liability company located at 2700 W Cypress Creek Rd., Suite D100, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 (the Beaches, and together
with Baxpi the Companies, and individually the Company). Baxpi, Beaches, the Buyer, and Seller,
are hereinafter referred to as the Parties, and individually, the Party.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Baxpi and Beaches are real estate brokerages duly licensed and registered in the state of Florida (the Business);

WHEREAS,
Baxpi, Beaches, and La Rosa Franchising LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer (the LRF), entered into that certain
Franchise Agreement between the Company and the Buyer dated July 1, 2020, and Addendum thereto, dated May 12, 2021 (collectively, the
Franchise Agreement), pursuant to which Beaches and Baxpi operate as franchisees of LRF;

WHEREAS,
the Seller, a duly licensed broker in the state of Florida, owns 100% of the outstanding membership interests Beaches (the Beaches
Membership Interests) and 100% of the outstanding membership interests of Baxpi (the Baxpi Membership Interests);

WHEREAS,
the Seller desires to sell her Beaches Membership Interests and Baxpi Membership Interests listed on Schedule A attached
hereto (the Interests) to the Buyer, and the Buyer wishes to purchase such Interests pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
the Seller and the Buyer entered into that certain Letter of Intent dated December 20, 2023 (the Letter of Intent)
to set forth the general terms and conditions for the proposed acquisition of the Interests by the Seller;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

PURCHASE AND SALE

Section
1.01 Purchase and Sale. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing
(as defined in Section 1.02), the Seller shall sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all of Sellers right,
title, and interest in and to the Interests listed in Schedule A attached hereto, free and clear of any Encumbrances
(as defined below), for the consideration listed on and pursuant to the terms listed on Schedule A attached hereto
(the Transaction). For purposes of this Agreement, all of Sellers right, title, and interest in and to the
Baxpi Membership Interests and Beaches Membership Interests shall include, but are not limited to: (a) Sellers capital accounts
in Baxpi and Beaches; (b) Sellers right to share in the profits and losses of Baxpi and Beaches; (c) Sellers right to receive
distributions from Baxpi and Beaches; and (d) the exercise of all member rights, including the voting rights attributable to Baxpi Membership
Interests and Beaches Membership Interests. Encumbrance means any charge,
claim, community property interest, pledge, condition, equitable interest, lien (statutory or other), option, security interest,
mortgage, easement, encroachment, right of first refusal, or restriction of any kind, including any restriction on use, voting, transfer,
receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership. The aggregate purchase price for the Interests is set
forth on Schedule A attached hereto (the Purchase Price).

Section
1.02 Closing. The consummation of the Transaction shall occur at a time and place agreed
to by the Parties but in any case not later than January 31, 2025 (the Closing). The Parties agree that this Agreement
shall automatically terminate if the Closing does not occur by January 31, 2025 (the Drop Dead Date).

Section
1.03 Closing Deliverables. By or on the date of the Closing (the Closing Date),
the Seller shall deliver to the Buyer:

a) Copies
of an entries in the membership transfer ledgers of Baxpi and Beaches confirming the transfer of the Interests from the Seller to the
Buyer;

b) The
Operating Agreement of Beaches, duly executed by the Seller, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A;

c) The
Operating Agreement of Baxpi, duly executed by the Seller, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B;

d) The
Leak-Out Agreement executed by the Seller, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C;

e) The
Sellers Certificate, executed by the Seller, in the form reasonably acceptable to the Buyer; and

f) Such
other documents as reasonably requested by the Buyer. The Seller also undertakes to transfer to the Buyer all original books and records
of Baxpi and Beaches on the Closing Date or immediately prior to that date.

Section
1.04 Taxes.

(a)Transfer
Taxes. Seller shall pay, or reimburse Buyer for, any sales, use, or transfer taxes, documentary charges, recording fees, or
similar taxes, charges, fees, or expenses, if any, that become due and payable as a result of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

(b)
Withholding Taxes. Buyer and the Companies shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all taxes that
Buyer and the Companies may be required to deduct and withhold under any provision of tax law. All such withheld amounts shall be treated
as delivered to Seller hereunder.

ARTICLE
II

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Section
2.01 Seller and Company Representations. The Seller and each Company jointly and severally
represent and warrant to the Buyer as follows:

(a) the
Seller owns 100% of Baxpi Membership Interests and Beaches Membership Interests free and
clear of all Encumbrances, and the Seller is the sole Manager of the Companies;

2

(b) Beaches
is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Florida;

(c) Baxpi
is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Florida;

(d) each
Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in
which such qualification is required for purposes of this Agreement, except where the failure
to be so qualified, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. For the purposes
of this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect shall mean any change, event,
occurrence, condition, or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, (a) has or would
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results
of operations, or business prospects of the Companies, or (b) would reasonably be expected
to materially impair the ability of the Companies to perform its obligations under this Agreement
in any material respect;

(e) each
Company and Seller have the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement,
and to perform their obligations hereunder;

(f) the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Company and the Seller, the consummation
of the Transaction contemplated hereby, and the performance of the obligations pursuant to
this Agreement will not violate, conflict with, require the consent under or result in any
breach or default under (i) any of organizational documents of each Company (including its
articles of organization and limited liability company operating agreement, if any) or (ii)
any applicable law; or (iii) the provisions of any material contract or agreement to which
each Company or Seller is a party or to which any of its material assets are bound (the Companies
Contracts);

(g) there
are no outstanding preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, or other similar provisions
prohibiting the Seller from entering into this Agreement and consummating the transactions
contemplated thereby;

(h) each
Company is duly licensed as a real estate brokerage by the Florida Real Estate Commission
(the FREC) and is in good standing with the FREC, maintaining all necessary
licenses and regulatory approvals required for conducting its business in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations;

(i) the
Seller is a real estate agent duly licensed with the FREC and is in good standing, there
are no disciplinary proceedings and, to the knowledge of the Seller, pending or threatened
disciplinary proceedings against her;

(j) there
is no Action of any nature pending or, to Sellers knowledge, threatened against or
by the Seller that challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, or otherwise delay the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Action
means any FREC disciplinary hearing, claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration,
inquiry, audit, notice of violation, proceeding, litigation, citation, summons, subpoena,
or investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise,
whether at law or in equity;

3

(k) each
Company and Seller are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and Companies
Contracts relating to this Agreement and the operation of the Business;

(l) each
Company and Seller have obtained all licenses, authorizations, approvals, consents, releases,
waivers, or permits required by applicable laws, including, but not limited to, those from
FREC, governmental authorities and other third parties, required or necessary to conduct
its business generally, to consummate this Transaction, and to perform its obligations under
this Agreement;

(m) no
broker or finder is entitled to any brokerage, finders, or other fee or commission
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any ancillary document
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer;

(n) there
are no legal claims pending or, to the Companies and the Sellers knowledge,
threatened against the Companies before or by any governmental body or nongovernmental department,
commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality or by any other person; there are no
outstanding or unsatisfied judgments, orders, decrees or stipulations to which either Company
is a party;

(o) all
taxes due and owing to any governmental authority by each Company have been paid in full;
there has not occurred, nor is there any reasonable probability of the occurrence in the
future, of any event or events or any change in the financial condition, business, results
of operations or prospects of the Companies or otherwise that has (x) interfered with the
normal and usual operations of the business or business prospects of the Companies or (y)
resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in a material adverse change in the
business, assets, operations, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Companies;

(p) The
Seller acknowledges that this Agreement and the Transaction shall not relieve the Seller
of her obligations under the Franchise Agreement existing prior to consummation of the Transaction.
The Companies acknowledge that this Agreement and the Transaction shall not relieve the Companies
of their obligations under the Franchise Agreement.

4

(q) Securities
Laws.

(i) Investment
Intent. The Seller is acquiring the shares of common stock of the Buyer included as part
of the Purchase Price and set forth on Schedule A attached hereto (the Buyer
Shares) solely for the Sellers own account, for investment purposes, and
not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution of the Buyer Shares.
The Seller understands that the Buyer Shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities
laws, by reason of specific exemptions under the provisions thereof which depend in part
upon the investment intent of the Seller and of the other representations made by the Sellers
in this Agreement. The Seller understands that the Buyer is relying upon the representations
and agreements contained in this Agreement (and any supplemental information) for the purpose
of determining whether this transaction meets the requirements for such exemptions from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act and any state securities laws.

(ii) Restricted
Buyer Shares. The Seller understands that the Buyer Shares are restricted securities
under the Securities Act and the rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
provide in substance that the Seller may dispose of the Buyer Shares only pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, and the Seller understands that the Buyer has no obligation
or intention to register any of the Buyer Shares or the offering or sale thereof, or to take
action so as to permit offers or sales pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption from
registration thereunder (including pursuant to Rule 144 thereunder).

(iii) Book-Entry.
The Buyer Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be held in book-entry form and recorded
in the electronic records of the Buyer or its designated transfer agent. The Buyer Shares
issued in the book-entry form shall have a note in the book-entry system that all such shares
carry the restrictive legend described in Sectio 2.01(q)(iv) of this Agreement.

(iv) Legend
on Share Certificates. The share certificates, if issued, evidencing the Buyer Shares
shall bear a legend substantially similar to the following:

THE
SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE SECURITIES LAWS OF OTHER
JURISDICTIONS, AND IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT SUCH OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS.

5

Section
2.02 Buyer Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Companies
and Seller that:

(a) it
is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the state of Nevada;

(b) it
is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in the State of Florida and in every other jurisdiction in which such licensing
and qualification is required for purposes of this Agreement, except where the failure to be so qualified, in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) it
has the full right, corporate power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder, and the undersigned
officer of the Buyer has the proper authority to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf of the Buyer;

(d) no
broker or finder is entitled to any brokerage, finders, or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any ancillary document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer.

Section
2.03 NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES; NON-RELIANCE. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THIS HEREIN, (A) NEITHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT, NOR ANY OTHER PERSON ON SUCH PARTYS
BEHALF, HAS MADE OR MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EITHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, WHETHER ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE,
ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, AND (B) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED UPON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE
BY THE OTHER PARTY, OR ANY OTHER PERSON ON SUCH PARTYS BEHALF.

ARTICLE
III

COVENANTS

Section
3.01 Conduct of Business of the Company; Transition Services. During the period commencing
on the Effective Date and continuing until the Closing Date, the Companies and Seller agree that each Company and Seller shall cause
Companies to carry on the Business only in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice. The Seller agrees that for the period
of 90 days after the Closing or such other period as agreed by the Parties separately after the Closing, the Seller will make themselves
available to the Companies and the Buyer to provide the Companies and the Buyer with the consulting services to ensure that the transition
of the Interests to the Buyer does not interrupt the Companies and Buyers day-to-day business operations. The Seller also
agrees that within the period of 30 days after the Closing the Seller will facilitate the signing of independent contractor agreements
between either of the Companies and 75% of the agents of the Companies listed in Exhibit D hereto, in a form and substance
approved by the Buyer. The Buyer and Seller agree that in case such agreements are not signed within 30 days after the Closing, the Buyer
will have the right to delay the payment of the second installment of the Cash Payment (as defined in the Schedule A hereto) for the
same period of time as a delay of signing of the agreements.

Section
3.02 Access to Properties and Records. Each Company and Seller shall provide (or shall cause
to be provided) to Buyer and Buyers accountants, counsel, and other authorized advisors, with reasonable access, during business
hours, to the Companies premises and properties and its books and records and will cause the Companies officers to furnish
to Buyer and Buyers authorized advisors such additional documents as Buyer shall from time to time reasonably request. All such
data and information shall be kept confidential by the Buyer and the Companies unless and until the transactions contemplated herein
are consummated.

6

Section
3.03 Filings with Governmental Entities and the FREC. The Parties shall work together to
ensure that the Transaction is consummated pursuant to the statutes and administrative code of the State of Florida and any rules and
regulations promulgated by the FREC.

Section
3.04 Operating Agreement. In connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the
Transaction contemplated hereby, the Parties agree to enter into an Operating Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
A, and into an Operating Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B, effective
as of the Closing Date.

Section
3.05 Franchise Agreement. The Seller shall continue to fulfill her obligations under the
Franchise Agreement until consummation of the Transaction. As of the Closing Date, Seller and Nestor Baza shall be released from all
obligations, responsibilities and liabilities set forth in the Franchise Agreement and the accompanying guarantees executed by Seller
and Nestor Baza, except for the obligations, responsibilities and liabilities under the Franchise Agreement and the accompanying guarantees
existing prior to the Closing Date. The Companies shall continue to fulfill their obligations under the Franchise Agreement.

Section
3.06 Leak-Out Agreement. In connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the Transaction
contemplated hereby, the Buyer and the Seller agree to enter into a Leak-Out Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
C, effective as of the Closing Date.

Section
3.07 Non-Competition. The Seller agrees that she shall not, for eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date and payment
under the terms of this Agreement, directly or indirectly engage in, have any equity interest in, manage or provide services to, or operate
any person, firm, corporation, partnership, or business (whether as a director, officer, employee, agent, representative, partner, security
holder, lender, consultant, or otherwise) that engages in any business that directly or indirectly competes with any portion of the Companies
or the Buyers business in the State of Florida.

Section
3.08 Non-Solicitation. The Seller agrees that she shall not, for eighteen (18) months after the date of Closing and payment
under the terms of this Agreement, for any reason (the Restriction Period), directly or indirectly, recruit or otherwise
solicit or induce any customer, client, vendor, or supplier of the Companies or the Buyer to (i) terminate or reduce its arrangement
or business with the Companies or with Buyer, or (ii) otherwise change its relationship with the Companies or with Buyer. Seller shall
not, at any time during the Restriction Period, directly or indirectly, either for herself or for any other person or entity, (A) solicit
any employee or independent contractor of the Companies or Buyer to terminate their employment or arrangement with the Companies or Buyer,
or (B) employ any such individual during his or her employment or engagement with the Companies or Buyer and for a period of three (3)
years after such individual terminates their employment or engagement with the Companies or Buyer.

Section
3.09. Blue-Pencil. In the event that the terms of Section 3.07 or Section 3.08 are determined, by a court of competent jurisdiction,
to be unenforceable by reason of its duration, geographical scope, breadth, or for any other respect, it shall be interpreted to extend
only over the maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable, over the maximum geographical area as to which it may be enforceable,
or to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all as determined by such court in such action.

Section
3.10 Acknowledgment by Seller.Seller represents that Seller has carefully read and considered the provisions of Section
3.07 and Section 3.08 and, having done so, acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions set forth in Section 3.07 and Section 3.08 are
fair and reasonable for the protection of the legitimate business interests of the Buyer, including its subsidiaries.

7

ARTICLE
IV

TERMINATION

Section
4.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:

(a)
by the mutual written consent of the Parties; or

(b) by
the Buyer or Seller, if there has been a breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made
by any of the other Party (Defaulting Party) pursuant to this Agreement and such breach, inaccuracy or failure
has not been cured by the Defaulting Party before the earlier of (i) ten (10) days after such Defaulting Partys receipt of written
notice of such breach from the non-defaulting Party; or (ii) the Drop Dead Date; or immediately if such breach is incapable of being
cured by the Defaulting Party. 

Section
4.02 Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement in accordance
with this Article, this Agreement shall forthwith become void, and there shall be no liability on the part of a Party except that nothing
herein shall relieve any Party from liability for any willful breach of any provision of this Agreement.

Section
4.03 Survival. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 2.02(d), Section 3.07, Section 3.08,
Section 3.09, Section 3.10, ARTICLE V, Section 6.03, Section 6.07, Section 6.16, Section 6.17 contained herein shall survive the termination
of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
V

INDEMNIFICATION

Section
5.01 The Buyer agrees to indemnify each Company and the Seller and the Seller agrees to
indemnify the Buyer, its affiliates, and respective shareholders, members, directors, managers, officers, and employees from and against
all claims, judgments, damages, liabilities, settlements, losses, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements (collectively, a Loss),

(a) arising
from or relating to any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of the indemnifying party contained in this
Agreement or any document delivered in connection herewith, or

(b) any
Loss arising from or relating to any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or obligation to be performed by Seller pursuant
to this Agreement or any document delivered in connection herewith.

ARTICLE
VI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
6.01 Expenses. Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring such costs and expenses.

8

Section
6.02 Further Assurances. Following the Closing, each of the Parties shall execute and deliver
such additional documents, instruments, conveyances, and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry
out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section
6.03 Notices. Each Party to this Agreement shall deliver all notices, requests, consents,
claims, demands, waivers, and other communications under this Agreement (each, a Notice) in writing and addressed
to the other Party at its address set out below (or to any other address that the receiving Party may designate from time to time in
accordance with this section). Each Party to this Agreement shall deliver all Notices by personal delivery, nationally recognized
overnight courier (with all fees prepaid), email (with confirmation of transmission), or certified or registered mail (in each case,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid.). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, a Notice is effective only (a)
upon receipt by the receiving party and (b) if the party giving the Notice has complied with the requirements of this Section.

If
to the Buyer: 

La
Rosa Holdings Corp.

1420
Celebration Blvd., 2nd Floor

Celebration,
FL 34747

Attn:
Joseph La Rosa, Chief Executive Officer

T:
(321) 250-1799

E:
joe@larosarealtycorp.com

with
a copy to

(which
shall not constitute notice): 

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New
York, NY 10036

Attn:
Ross D. Carmel, Esq.

T:
(212) 658-0458

E:
rcarmel@srfc.law

If to
the Seller: 

Carrie
Pietrowski

[*]

T: [*]

E: [*]

Section
6.04 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect
the interpretation of this Agreement.

Section
6.05 Severability. Subject to Section 3.09 of this Agreement, if any term or provision of
this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not
affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith
to modify the Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in
order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

9

Section
6.06 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the schedules and exhibits hereto to be delivered
hereunder constitute the sole and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersede
all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter, including but
not limited to the Letter of Intent. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and provisions in the body of this Agreement
and the Letter of Intent and other documents delivered in connection herewith, the schedules and exhibits, the terms and provisions in
the body of this Agreement shall control.

Section
6.07 Attorneys Fees. In the event that any Party institutes any legal suit, action,
or proceeding, including arbitration, against the other Party to enforce the covenants contained in this Agreement arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the prevailing Party in the suit, action or proceeding shall be entitled to receive, in addition to all other
damages to which it may be entitled, the costs incurred by such Party in conducting the suit, action, or proceeding, including reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses and court costs.

Section
6.08 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties hereto shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates
to execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, conveyances, and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably
required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
6.09 Public Announcements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law (based upon the reasonable
advice of counsel), no Party to this Agreement shall make any public announcements in respect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby or otherwise communicate with any news media without the prior written consent of the other Party, and the Parties shall cooperate
as to the timing and contents of any such announcement.

Section
6.10 Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented
by an agreement in writing signed by each Party hereto.

Section
6.11 Waiver. No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless
explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the Party so waiving. No waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed as a waiver
in respect of any failure, breach, or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character,
and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege
arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power,
or privilege.

Section
6.12 Equitable Remedies. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the Parties shall be entitled to equitable relief,
including injunctive relief or specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at
law or in equity.

Section
6.13 Assignment. No Party may assign any of its rights hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other Parties. No assignment shall relieve the assigning Party of any of its obligations hereunder.

10

Section
6.14 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the
benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

Section
6.15 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon
any other person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section
6.16 Governing Law. All matters relating to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule
(whether of the State of Florida or any other jurisdiction).

Section
6.17 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted in the federal courts of the
United States of America or the courts of the State of Florida in each case located in the City and County of where the Buyers
executive offices are located, and each Party irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit,
action, or proceeding.

EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE ASSIGNMENT, OR THE ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS
IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE ASSIGNMENT, THE
OTHER ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

Section
6.18 Force Majeure. The Parties shall not be liable or responsible to the other Parties,
nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this
Agreement (except for any obligations to make payments to the other Parties hereunder), when and to the extent such failure or delay
is caused by or results from acts beyond the affected Partys reasonable control, including, without limitation: (a) acts of God;
(b) flood, fire, earthquake, or explosion; (c) war, invasion, hostilities, terrorist threats or acts, riot, or other civil unrest; (d)
government order or law; (e) actions, embargoes, or blockades in effect on or after the date of this Agreement; (f) action by any governmental
authority; and (g) national or regional emergency (any a Force Majeure Event). The Party suffering a Force Majeure
Event shall promptly give notice to the other Parties, stating the period of time the occurrence is expected to continue and shall use
diligent efforts to end the failure or delay and ensure the effects of such Force Majeure Event are minimized.

Section
6.19 Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any
provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the Parties shall be entitled to specific
performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. Each Party hereto: (a)
agrees that it shall not oppose the granting of such specific performance or relief; and (b) hereby irrevocably waives any requirements
for the security or posting of any bond in connection with such relief.

Section
6.20 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered
by facsimile, e-mail, or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original
signed copy of this Agreement.

Section
6.21 Time of the Essence. Time shall be of the essence in this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date by their respective representatives
thereunto duly authorized.

SELLER: 

By (Sign Here)

Name: Carrie Pietrowski

COMPANY:

LA ROSA REALTY BEACHES LLC

By: (Sign Here)

Name: Carrie Pietrowski

Title: Manager

COMPANY:

BAXPI HOLDINGS LLC

By: (Sign Here)

Name: Carrie Pietrowski

Title: Manager

BUYER: 

LA ROSA HOLDINGS CORP.

By (Sign Here)

Name: Joseph La Rosa

Title: Chief Executive Officer

12

SCHEDULE A

Buyer: La
Rosa Holdings Corp.

Beaches: La
Rosa Realty Beaches LLC

Baxpi: Baxpi
Holdings LLC

Seller: Carrie
Pietrowski

Percentage
of Sellers Membership Interest in Baxpi being sold to the Buyer: 100%

Percentage
of Sellers Membership Interest in Beaches being sold to the Buyer: 100%

Aggregate
Purchase Price: $1,136,177.34
consisting of (i) a cash payment of $100,000 (the Cash Payment), and (ii) $1,036,177.34 in unregistered shares
of common stock of the Buyer (the Purchase Shares). 

Payment
Terms: 

The
Cash Payment shall be payable in accordance with the following schedule:

-
$50,000.00 within 10 business days after the Closing;

- $50,000.00
on June 30, 2025 (6 months after the Closing).

The
Purchase Shares will be issued on the Closing Date.

The
number of Purchase Shares will be calculated by dividing the purchase price of the Purchase Shares ($1,036,177.34) by the closing price
of the Companys common stock as of the trading date immediately preceding the Closing Date, as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC.

13

Exhibit
A

Beaches
Operating Agreement

14

Exhibit
B

Baxpi
Operating Agreement

15

Exhibit
C

Leak-Out
Agreement

16

Exhibit
D

List
of Agents

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022697501ex10-2_larosa.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LEAK-OUT AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 31, 2024, BETWEEN LA ROSA HOLDINGS CORP. AND THE SELLING MEMBER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

LEAK OUT AGREEMENT

This Leak Out Agreement (the
Leak-Out Agreement) is dated as of December 31, 2024 and is by and between La Rosa Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation,
whose address is 1420 Celebration Boulevard, 2nd Floor, Celebration, Florida 34747 (the Company), and Carrie Pietrowski,
whose address is [*] (the Holder). Each of the Company and the Holder is a
party to this Agreement, and together, they are the parties hereto.

Reference is hereby made to
that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement between the Company, La Rosa Realty Beaches
LLC, Baxpi Holdings LLC, and the Holder dated December 31, 2024 (the Purchase Agreement). The Holder is to
receive a number of shares of the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement. The Holder agrees hereby to sell the Common Stock received pursuant to the Purchase Agreement only as permitted
hereby during the Leak Period (defined below). Any other sales shall be a material breach of this Agreement.

The Holder agrees with the
Company that the leak out period (the Leak-Out Period). shall start on the date that is the 181st day
after the date of the closing (the Closing Date) of the acquisition per the Purchase Agreement, which should be the
date when the Company issues to the Holder the shares of its Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement(the Start Date)
and shall end at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the date that is 366 days following the Start Date (End Date). So, for
a hypothetical example, if the Closing Date is January 1, 2025, the Start Date of the Leak Out Period would be June 30, 2025 and the End
Date of the Leak Out Period would be July 1, 2026. During the Leak Out Period, the Holder shall be entitled to sell, dispose, transfer,
assign, pledge or hypothecate or enter into any such transaction to such effect, directly or indirectly, including, without limitation,
any sales, short sales, swaps or any derivative transactions that would be equivalent to any sales or short positions (each, a Disposition)
an amount of shares of Common Stock equal to one twelfth (1/12th) of the total amount of the shares of Companys Common
Stock that Holder has received pursuant to the Purchase Agreement per calendar month. (So, for example, if the Holder received 120 shares
of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Holder could, during the Leak Out Period, sell up to 10 shares of Common Stock
per calendar month). After the End Date, the Holder would not have any restriction on the number of shares that may be subject to Disposition.

The Holder understands and
agrees that that the Common Stock received pursuant to the Purchase Agreement are restricted securities under applicable
federal securities laws and that the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and the rules of the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission provide in substance that the Holder may dispose of the Common Stock only pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and the undersigned
understands that the Company has no obligation or intention to register any of the shares of Common Stock obtained under the Purchase
Agreement or the offering or sale thereof, or to take action so as to permit offers or sales pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption
from registration thereunder (including pursuant to Rule 144 thereunder).

The Company agrees to give
to the Companys transfer agent or counsel any and all instructions intended to facilitate Dispositions under this Leak-Out Agreement.

Any notices, consents, waivers
or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Leak-Out Agreement must be in writing and sent by certified
mail, return receipt requested or via overnight courier (such as UPS or FEDEX) to the party whose address is set forth in the first paragraph
hereof.

Carrie Pietrowski - Leak Out Agreement

Page 1

This Leak-Out Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, letters,
emails, agreements (written or oral) and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof and are fully binding on the parties hereto.

This Leak-Out Agreement may
be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts
shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Leak-Out Agreement may be executed and accepted by facsimile or PDF signature and any
such signature shall be of the same force and effect as an original signature.

The terms of this Leak-Out
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, estates, personal
representatives, successors and assigns.

This Leak-Out Agreement may
not be amended or modified except in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

This Leak-Out Agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to conflict of law principles that
would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Florida.

Any claim, suit, or proceeding
arising, in whole or in part, out of, in relation to, or in connection with this Leak-Out Agreement, including without limitation any
dispute as to the construction, validity, interpretation, enforceability, performance, expiry, termination, or breach of this Leak-Out
Agreement, whether based on contract, tort, or otherwise, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts
in the County of Osceola, Florida. In connection with any such dispute, controversy or claim, the parties, unconditionally and irrevocably
(i) submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the County of Osceola, Florida; (ii) waive any and all objection
that they may now or hereafter have based on venue and/or forum non conveniens in any suit brought in any state or federal
court located in the County of Osceola, Florida; and (iii) waive any right to a jury trial for any dispute, controversy, or claim arising
out of, in relation to, or in connection with this Leak-Out Agreement.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE
NEXT PAGE.]

Carrie Pietrowski - Leak Out Agreement

Page 2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Agreement has been duly executed by or on behalf of the parties to this Agreement as of the date first above written.

La Rosa Holdings Corp.

By: 

Name: Joseph La Rosa

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDER: 

By: 

Name: Carrie Pietrowski

Carrie Pietrowski - Leak Out Agreement

Page 3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lrhc-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lrhc-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lrhc-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41588

Entity Registrant Name La Rosa Holdings Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001879403

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1641189

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1420 Celebration Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two 2nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Celebration

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34747

City Area Code 321

Local Phone Number 250-1799

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol LRHC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://larosarealty.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226975-8k_larosa.htm 
lrhc-20241231.xsd 
lrhc-20241231_lab.xml 
lrhc-20241231_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-001633-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0226975-8k_larosa_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001879403 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001879403 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
La Rosa Holdings Corp. 
NV 
001-41588 
87-1641189 
1420 Celebration Blvd. 
2nd Floor 
Celebration 
FL 
34747 
321 
250-1799 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
LRHC 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>