<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-003321.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-003321.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210170126
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-003321
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Bankruptcy or Receivership
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avinger Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001506928
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				208873453
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36817
		FILM NUMBER:		25606500

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 CHESAPEAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-363-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 CHESAPEAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>avgr20250208_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?avgr20250208_8k.htm

false000150692800015069282025-02-042025-02-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

February 4, 2025

Avinger, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-36817 

20-8873453

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

400 Chesapeake Drive

Redwood City, California94063

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(650)241-7900

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each

class: 

Trading

Symbol(s): 

Name of each exchange on which registered:

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

AVGR 

The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously reported, on February 5, 2025, Avinger, Inc. (the Company) held its previously announced Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Special Meeting) at which the Companys stockholders approved an assignment for the benefit of creditors followed by a voluntary dissolution and liquidation pursuant to a plan of dissolution if the Board of Directors (the Board) deems such action to be in the Companys best interests and those of its stockholders, which approval shall include authorization for the Board to abandon such assignment and dissolution.

Effective February 10, 2025, the Board (i) determined that the transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys assets through an assignment for the benefit of creditors was in the best interests of the Company, and (ii) authorized the Company to enter into a general assignment for the benefit of creditors (the Assignment Agreement), by and between the Company and Avinger (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC, a California limited liability company (the Assignee), which provides for the transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to the Assignee (the Assignment). The Company entered into the Assignment Agreement on February 10, 2025.

The foregoing description of the Assignment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Assignment Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 1.03 Bankruptcy or Receivership.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 relating to the Assignment Agreement and the Assignment is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.03.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 relating to the Assignment Agreement and the Assignment is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 4.01. Changes in Registrants Certifying Accountant.

In connection with the Assignment, Moss Adams LLP (Moss Adams) terminated its engagement as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm.

Moss Adams reports on the Companys financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, except that the reports expressed substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern due to its financial condition.

During the Companys two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period preceding Moss Adams dismissal, there were no disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K) between the Company and Moss Adams on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which, if not resolved to Moss Adams satisfaction, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in its reports.

Additionally, the Company is not required to have, and Moss Adams did not provide, an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

The Company provided Moss Adams with a copy of the disclosures in this Current Report on Form 8-K and requested that Moss Adams provide a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) stating whether it agrees with the statements made herein and, if not, stating the respects in which it does not agree. A copy of Moss Adams letter is attached as Exhibit 16.1 hereto.

Item 5.02.Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 7, 2025, the Company terminated the employment of Himanshu Patel, the Companys Chief Technology Officer, effective as of February 7, 2025. On February 10, 2025, the Company terminated the employment of each of Jeffrey M. Soinski, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Nabeel Subainati, Vice President, Finance, effective as of February 10, 2025. In connection with such terminations, each of Mr. Patel, Mr. Soinski and Mr. Subainati entered into a Separation Agreement and Release (each a Separation Agreement) with the Company. Each Separation Agreement provides for the lump sum payment of an amount equal to two weeks of such executives base salary.

In addition, on February 10, 2025, Jeffrey M. Soinski, James G. Cullen, James B. McElwee, Tamara N. Elias and Jonathon Zhong Zhao each provided notice of his/her decision to resign from the Board and all committees thereof, effective as of February 10, 2025.

The foregoing descriptions of the Separation Agreements with Mr. Patel, Mr. Soinski and Mr. Subainati do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to each Separation Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3, and 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On February 10, 2025, the holders of the Companys outstanding shares of Series E, Series F, and Series H preferred stock consented to the Assignment.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Exhibit Description

10.1 

General Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors, dated February 7, 2025, by and between Avinger, Inc. and Avinger (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC

10.2 

Separation Agreement and Release by and between Himanshu Patel and Avinger, Inc., dated February 6, 2025

10.3 

Separation Agreement and Release by and between Jeffrey M. Soinski and Avinger, Inc., dated February 5, 2025

10.4 

Separation Agreement and Release by and between Nabeel Subainati and Avinger, Inc., dated February 4, 2025

16.1 

Letter from Moss Adams LLP

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AVINGER, INC.

Date: February 10, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Soinski

Jeffrey M. Soinski

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_776303.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_776303.htm

Exhibit 10.1

GENERAL ASSIGNMENT

This General Assignment is made as of the 10th day of February, 2025, by Avinger, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices at 400 Chesapeake Drive, Redwood City, CA 94063 hereinafter referred to as Assignor, to Avinger (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC, a California limited liability company, hereinafter referred to, along with any successors and assigns, as Assignee.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Assignor has determined that, based upon its business prospects, entering into this Assignment is in the best interests of the Assignors creditors; and

WHEREAS, Assignor believes that Assignee is well qualified to efficiently administer the Assignment for the benefit of the Assignors creditors;

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt of which is duly acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Assignment of Assets.

(a) Assignor, for and in consideration of the covenants and agreements to be performed by Assignee, as hereinafter contained, and for good and valuable consideration, receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does hereby grant, bargain, sell, assign, convey and transfer to Assignee, its successors and assigns, in trust, for the benefit of Assignors creditors generally, all of the property of Assignor of every kind and nature and wheresoever situated, both real (but not facility lease arrangements) and personal, and any interest or equity therein not exempt from execution, including, but not limited to, all that certain stock of merchandise, equipment, furniture, fixtures, accounts, books, cash on hand, cash in bank, deposits, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names and all associated goodwill, source codes, software, and related documentation, insurance policies, and choses in action that are legally assignable, together with the proceeds of any existing non-assignable choses in action that may hereafter be recovered or received by Assignor. Assignor agrees to execute such additional documents as shall be necessary to accomplish the purposes of this Assignment.

(b) This Assignment specifically includes and covers all claims for refund or abatement of all excess taxes heretofore or hereafter assessed against or collected from Assignor by the U.S. Treasury Department or any other taxing agency, and Assignor agrees to sign and execute power of attorney or such other documents as required to enable Assignee to file and prosecute, compromise and/or settle, all such claims before the Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Treasury Department or any other taxing or other Governmental agency.

1

(c) Assignee is to receive said property, conduct said business, should it deem it proper, and is hereby authorized at any time after the signing hereof by Assignor to sell and dispose of said property upon such time and terms as it may see fit, and is to pay to creditors of Assignor pro rata, the net proceeds arising from the conducting of said business and sale and disposal of said property, after deducting all moneys which Assignee may at its option pay for the discharge of any lien on any of said property and any indebtedness which under the law is entitled to priority of payment, and all expenses, including a reasonable fee to Assignee and its attorneys.

2. Payment of Fees. Assignee shall be entitled to pay the fees and expense reimbursements set forth in the Compensation and Expense Reimbursement Agreement dated as of the date hereof between the Assignor and the Assignee (the Fee Letter).

3. Appointment of Agents. Assignee is authorized and empowered to appoint and compensate such agents, field representatives and/or attorneys and/or accountants as it may deem necessary, and such agents and/or field representatives shall have full power and authority to open bank accounts in the name of Assignee or its nominees or agents and to deposit assigned assets or the proceeds thereof in such bank accounts and to draw checks thereon and with the further power and authority to do such other acts and to execute such papers and documents in connection with this Assignment as Assignee may consider necessary or advisable.

4. Certain Acknowledgments Regarding Transfer. Assignor acknowledges that certain of the assets being assigned under this General Assignment may be subject to restrictions on the use or transfer of such assets, the unauthorized use or transfer of which may result in further damages or claims. Such assets may include, without limitation, intellectual property rights of the Assignor (e.g., trade names, service names, registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and logos; internet domain names; patents, patent rights and applications therefor, copyrights and registrations and applications therefor; software and source code (and software licenses with respect thereto); customer lists and customer information; know-how, trade secrets, inventions, discoveries, concepts, ideas, methods, processes, designs, formulae, technical data, drawings, specifications, data bases and other proprietary assets (collectively, Intellectual Property)). Assignor represents and warrants that its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, customers and other third parties have been advised not to use, remove or cause a transfer (other than pursuant to this General Assignment) of any of the assets of Assignor, including without limitation the Intellectual Property, either prior or subsequent to this General Assignment, except as expressly authorized in writing in advance, which written authorization is not inconsistent with or otherwise may constitute a breach of any other written agreement. Except as authorized in writing, which has been disclosed in writing to Assignee, Assignor further represents and warrants that no asset (including, without limitation, the Intellectual Property) has been transferred, used, or removed, in whole or in part, in a manner that interferes with the rights and interests of a third party(ies) in such asset or otherwise may constitute a breach of any contract with such third party(ies).

2

5. Representations and Warranties of the Assignor. Assignor represents and warrants to Assignee that as of the date hereof:

(a) Assignor has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Assignment, including, without limitation, to transfer the property transferred to the Assignee hereby;

(b) the execution, delivery and performance by the Assignor of this Assignment has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and other action and does not and will not require any registration with, consent or approval of, or notice to or action by, any person (including any governmental authority) in order to be effective and enforceable;

(c) this Assignment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Assignor, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms; and

(d) to the best of Assignors knowledge, all claims for wages, expense reimbursements, benefits and other compensation with priority over the Assignors other creditors pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure 1204 accrued or otherwise arising prior to the date hereof have been satisfied in full.

6. Resignation and Replacement of Assignee. The Assignee may resign and, as a result of such resignation, be discharged from its duties hereunder at any time; provided that such resignation shall not become effective until a successor Assignee has been appointed by the resigning Assignee and such successor has accepted its appointment in writing delivered to the resigning Assignee. Any successor Assignee appointed hereunder shall execute an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder and shall deliver one counterpart thereof to the resigning Assignee. Thereupon such successor Assignee shall, without any further act, become vested with all the estate, properties, rights, powers, trusts, and duties of his predecessor in connection with the Assignment with like effect as if originally named therein, but the resigning Assignee shall nevertheless, when requested in writing by the successor Assignee, execute and deliver an instrument or instruments conveying and transferring to such successor Assignee all of the estates, properties, rights, powers and trusts of such resigning Assignor in connection with the Assignment, and shall duly assign, transfer, and deliver to such successor Assignee all property and money held by it hereunder.

7. Limitation of Liability. Assignor acknowledges that Assignee is acting solely as Assignee in connection with this Assignment and not in its personal capacity. As a result, Assignor expressly agrees that Assignee, its members, officers and agents shall not be subject to any personal liability whatsoever to any person in connection with the affairs of this Assignment, except for its own misconduct knowingly and intentionally committed in bad faith. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Assignee from liability for its own misconduct knowingly and intentionally committed in bad faith, except that:

(a) The Assignee shall not be required to perform any duties or obligations except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Assignment, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Assignment against the Assignee.

3

(b) In the absence of bad faith on the part of the Assignee, the Assignee may conclusively rely, as to the truth, accuracy and completeness thereof, on the statements and certificates or opinions furnished to the Assignee by the Assignor and conforming to the requirements of this Assignment.

(c) The Assignee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith.

(d) The Assignee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with a written opinion of legal counsel addressed to the Assignee.

In connection with the foregoing, the assignment estate shall defend, indemnify and hold the Assignee and its past and present officers, members, managers, directors, employees, counsel, agents, attorneys, parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns, including without limitation Sherwood Partners, Inc. (collectively, the "Indemnified Persons") harmless from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, charges, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any such Indemnified Person in any way relating to or arising out of this General Assignment, the Fee Letter, any other document contemplated by or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or any action taken or omitted by any Indemnified Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, with respect to any investigation, litigation or proceeding related to or arising out of any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, and including, without limitation, any other Indemnified Claims (defined below), provided, that the assignment estate shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnified Person with respect to indemnified claims to the extent resulting from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of any Indemnified Person. The foregoing indemnification shall survive any termination of this General Assignment or the transactions contemplated hereby. For purposes hereof, "Indemnified Claims" means any and all claims, demands, actions, causes of action, judgments, obligations, liabilities, losses, damages and consequential damages, penalties, fines, costs, fees, expenses and disbursements (including without limitation, fees and expenses of attorneys and other professional consultants and experts in connection with investigation or defense) of every kind, known or unknown, existing or hereafter arising, foreseeable or unforeseeable, which may be imposed upon, threatened or asserted against, or incurred or paid by, any Indemnified Person at any time and from time to time, because of, resulting from, in connection with, or arising out of any transaction, act, omission, event or circumstance in any way connected with this General Assignment, the Fee Letter, any other document contemplated by or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or any action taken or omitted by any Indemnified Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing, including but not limited to economic loss, property damage, personal injury or death in connection with, or occurring on or in the vicinity of, any assets of the assignment estate through any cause whatsoever, any act performed or omitted to be performed under this General Assignment, any other document contemplated by or referred to herein, the transactions contemplated hereby, or any action taken or omitted by any Indemnified Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing, any breach by Assignor of any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or condition contained herein or in any other agreement between Assignor and Assignee.

4

8. Power of Attorney. Assignor, by this General Assignment, hereby grants Assignee, an irrevocable general power of attorney, coupled with an interest, which power of attorney is for all purposes and specifically includes the right of Assignee (i) to prosecute any action in the name of Assignor as Attorney in Fact, including, but not limited to, the claims or actions identified on Schedule A hereto, and (ii) to transfer or assign patents, patent applications and other intellectual property, and any other assets, by the execution of assignment agreements and, where appropriate, through filings with the U.S. patent and trademark office and other U.S. and foreign filing offices. Further, on the date this General Assignment is accepted by Assignee, Assignee shall succeed to all of the rights and privileges of Assignor, including any attorney-client privilege in respect to any potential or actual claims, cases, controversies, causes of action, etc. (including, but not limited to, the claims or actions identified on Schedule A hereto) and shall be deemed to be a representative of Assignor with respect to all such potential or actual claims, cases, controversies, and causes of action (including, but not limited to, the claims or actions identified on Schedule A hereto). While Assignee is not required to defend any action being asserted against Assignor, Assignor, by this General Assignment, hereby grants Assignee an irrevocable general power of attorney, coupled with an interest, which power of attorney specifically includes the right, but not the obligation, of Assignee to defend against any action pending or brought against Assignor in the name of Assignor as Attorney in Fact.

9. Reliance.

(a) The Assignee may rely and shall be protected in acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.

(b) The Assignee may consult with legal counsel to be selected by it, and the Assignee shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel.

(c) Persons dealing with the Assignee shall look only to the assignment estate to satisfy any liability incurred by the Assignee in good faith to any such person in carrying out the terms of this Assignment, and the Assignee shall have no personal or individual obligation to satisfy any such liability.

5

10. Headings. The headings used in this Assignment are for convenience only and shall be disregarded in interpreting the substantive provisions of this Assignment.

11. Forwarding of Mail. Assignor authorizes the forwarding of its mail by the U.S. Postal Service as directed by Assignee.

12. Counterparts. This Assignment agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. Facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures shall have the same force and effect as original signatures.

13. Attorneys fees and costs. Except as set forth in the Fee Letter, the parties agree that each of them shall bear its own legal costs and expenses in connection with the negotiation, drafting, execution or enforcement of this Assignment.

14. Entire Agreement. This Assignment and the Fee Letter contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the matters covered and the transactions contemplated hereby, and no other agreement, statement, representation, warranty or promise made prior hereto or contemporaneously herewith by any party hereto, or any employee, officer, agent, or attorney of any party hereto shall be valid or binding or relied upon by any party as an inducement to enter into, or as consideration for, this Assignment.

15. Governing Law. This General Assignment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of law principles.

16. Severability. In case any provision of this General Assignment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from the remainder of this General Assignment and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

17. Cooperation. Each party cooperated in the drafting of this General Assignment and therefore this General Assignment shall not be construed more strictly against any of the parties.

18. Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of and conditions set forth in this General Assignment.

19. No Adequate Remedy at Law. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that damages will not adequately compensate the other party for a breach of the terms of this General Assignment and that, as such, each party shall be entitled to specific performance of this General Assignment.

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereunder set their hands the day and year first above written.

Assignors Federal Tax I.D. Number: 

AVINGER, INC., a Delaware 

Corporation, Assignor

Federal # 

20-8873453 

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey Soinski

Its: 

Chief Executive Officer

Avinger (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC, a California limited liability company, Assignee

By: 

/s/ Michael A. Maidy

Its: 

Manager

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_776304.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_776304.htm

Exhibit 10.2

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This is a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims (Agreement) dated as of January 28, 2025, between Avinger, Inc. (the Company), and Himanshu Patel (Employee). Employee and the Company are referenced together herein as the Parties.

RECITALS

A. WHEREAS, due to the closure of the company, Employees employment or other relationships with any of the Company Releasees (as defined below) will separate effective February 7, 2025 (Separation Date). The Companys offer pursuant to this Agreement shall become effective on the Separation Date.

B. Though this Agreement, Employee and Company mutually desire to settle all claims Employee has or might have against the Company through the date of execution hereof, including but not limited to those arising out of or relating to Employees prior service to the Company, and/or any Company Releasee, and/or the termination thereof.

TERMS AND SETTLEMENT

1. Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective eight (8) days after the later of a) the Separation Date if signed on or before the Separation Date, or b) the date of signature date of this Agreement, if signed after the Separation date (Effective Date).

2. No Admission of Liability. None of the Parties, by entering into and fulfilling this Agreement, admit to any wrongdoing or liability, and each party denies any allegation of wrongdoing. The Parties intend, by their actions pursuant to this Agreement, merely to avoid the expense, delay, uncertainty, and burden of potential litigation.

3. Consideration by the Company. In consideration for Employees promises made herein, the Company agrees to the following, which Employee acknowledges and agrees is full and adequate consideration for Employees execution of this Agreement:

3.1. Severance. Provided that Employee meets all of Employees promises and obligations under this Agreement, including signing, and not revoking, the release of claims under the ADEA, the Company will pay Employee the gross amount of $12,500.00, less all applicable withholdings and deductions. The Company will tender the aforementioned severance payment to Employee six (6) days after the Effective Date, provided all Company Property, addressed below in Paragraph 6, has been returned by such time.

3.2. Benefits. Employees health insurance benefits shall cease on the last day of February 28, 2025.

3.3. Employee agrees and acknowledges that Employee would have no right to the severance benefits provided by this Agreement but for Employees execution and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

4. Entire Consideration. Employee agrees that the consideration set forth in this Paragraph 3 and its subparts shall constitute the entire consideration provided in return for Employees promises and agreements herein, and that Employee will not seek any further remuneration or payment from the Company for wage, damage, interest, penalty, expense, action, attorneys fees or cost, either individually or as part of a class, in connection with the matters encompassed by the Agreement and/or arising out of Employees services to the Company and/or the termination thereof.

5. Taxes. Employee shall pay in full and be solely responsible for all taxes, interest or penalties relating to the consideration, and agrees to indemnify the Company against any assessment, and is not relying on any representations by the Company on this subject matter.

6. Return of the Companys Property. Employee represents that as of the Separation Date, Employee has returned any and all confidential and/or proprietary information of the Company (including but not limited to those of its clients and prospective clients) and other property of the Company in Employees possession. Such property includes, but is not limited to, all tangible and intangible property belonging to the Company and relating to Employees services to the Company, including computer/network password(s), trunk stock, product, equipment (e.g., imaging console) and other items provided to Employee by the Company, developed or obtained by Employee in connection with his or her employment with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company in accordance with the Companys instructions. The Parties agree that if Employee fails to comply with this provision regarding return of Company property, the Company shall be entitled to an award of its costs spent enforcing this provision, including all reasonable attorneys fees associated with the enforcement action. Any such individual breach or disclosure shall not excuse Employee from his/her other obligations hereunder. By executing this Agreement, Employee represents and warrants that Employee has not retained any copies, electronic or otherwise, of such property.

7. Payment of Salary. Employee acknowledges and represents that the Company has paid all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, stock, stock options, vesting, commissions and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Employee, provided that the foregoing shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to pay Employees earned and unpaid salary through the Separation Date. Such amounts are not consideration for this Agreement.

2

8. Release of Claims. In consideration for the promises set forth in this Agreement, Employee does hereby for Employee and for Employees heirs, spouse, representatives, attorneys, executors, administrators, successors, relatives and assigns release the Company and all of its current and former corporate subsidiaries, brother/sister companies, affiliates, partners, predecessors, successors and assigns, and all of their current and former owners, directors, officers, supervisors or managers, employees, agents, representatives, and attorneys and all persons acting under, by, through, or in concert with any of them (collectively Company Releasees), from any and all claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, liens, promises, acts, agreements, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys fees), damages, of whatever kind or nature, including but not limited to any statutory, civil, administrative, or common law claims, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, fixed or contingent, apparent or concealed, arising out of any act or omission occurring before the Effective Date of this Agreement, including but not limited to any claims based on, arising out of, or related to Employees employment with Company or the termination thereof, any claims for any alleged physical or emotional injuries, and/or any claims arising from rights under federal, state, and/or local laws relating to the regulation of federal or state tax payments or accounting; federal, state or local laws that prohibit harassment, discrimination or retaliation on the basis of race, national origin, age, religion, sex, gender, age, marital status, bankruptcy status, disability, perceived disability, ancestry, sexual orientation, family and medical leave, or any other form of harassment, discrimination, or retaliation; statutory or common law claims of any kind, including but not limited to:

a. 

Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disability Act Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disability Act of 1990, as amended, Family Rights Act (Cal. Govt. Code 12945.2 et seq.), Fair Employment and Housing Act (Cal. Govt. Code 12900 et. seq.), and applicable state law;

b. 

Labor Code, including for penalties under Labor Code 2699, et. seq., and the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1971, as amended, and applicable state law;

c. 

Any statutory provision regarding retaliation/discrimination including retaliation prohibited by Labor Code 1102.5, 232.5, and 132(a), the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable state law;

d. 

Contract, tort, and property rights, breach of contract, breach of implied-in-fact contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, tortious interference with contract or current or prospective economic advantage, fraud, deceit, invasion of privacy, unfair competition, misrepresentation, defamation, wrongful termination, tortious infliction of emotional distress (whether intentional or negligent), breach of fiduciary duty, violation of public policy, or any other common law claim of any kind whatsoever; any claim for damages or declaratory or injunctive relief of any kind;

e. 

The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act and California Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act;

f. 

Any common law claims whatsoever, claims for equity, stock options or any other benefits;

3

g. 

Any amounts allegedly due as wages, benefits, penalties or damages as a result of the employment relationship;

h. 

Texas Commission on Human Rights Act, Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 21.00121.556; Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 61.00161.095 (payment of wages); Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann. 122.001122.003 (jury duty); Tex. Elec. Code 276.004 (voter leave for up to 2 hours); Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 1.001 et seq.;

i. 

Elliott-Larsen Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.210137.2804; Workforce Opportunity Wage Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 408.423 (equal pay law); Unfair Discrimination, Restraint of Trade and Trusts Law, Mich. Comp. Laws 750.556 (equal pay); Persons With Disabilities Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.1101 37.1607; Michigan Whistleblowers Protection Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 15.36115.369 (whistleblower protections for public and private employees); Mich. Comp. Laws 600.1348 (jury duty); the Persons with Disabilities Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.1101 et seq.;

j. 

Arkansas Civil Rights Act of 1993, Ark. Code Ann. 16-123-101 to - 108; Ark. Code Ann. 11-4-601 to -612 (equal pay); Arkansas Whistle-Blower Act, Ark. Code Ann. 21-1-601 to -610; Ark. Code Ann. 16-31-106 (no adverse employment action for jury duty); Ark. Code Ann. 7-1-102 (voter leave);

k. 

Missouri Human Rights Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 213.010213.137; Missouri Equal Pay Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.400290.460 (equal pay law); Whistleblowers Protection Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 285.575 (whistleblower protections for private employees); Mo. Rev. Stat. 494.460 (jury duty); Mo. Rev. Stat. 115.639 (voter leave for up to 3 hours);

l. 

Ohio Civil Rights Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4112.014112.99; Ohio Equal Pay Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4111.17 (wage discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, or ancestry); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4111.13 (whistleblower protection); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4113.51 4113.99 (whistleblower protection); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 2313.19 (jury duty); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 3599.06 (voter leave); Ohio Workers Compensation Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4123.90.

Employee acknowledges that the release of claims herein deprives his or her of standing to pursue any claim as an aggrieved employee under the California Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) or as a class or collective representative in any class or collective action against any Company Releasees from all claims and damages, known and unknown, including those which exist or can arise out of employment with Company to the extent permitted by law. Employee avers that he or she lacks standing to bring any representative action under PAGA to the extent permitted by law. Employee further avers that he or she is not an aggrieved employee as defined under Labor Code Section 2699(c), and therefore, Employee agrees that he or she cannot maintain any action, present or future, under PAGA, to the extent permitted by law.

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Employee from filing a charge or complaint, including a challenge to the validity of the waiver provision of this Agreement, with a government agency, including the National Labor Relations Board or the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. However, Employee agrees he or she is waiving the right to monetary damages or other equitable or monetary relief as a result of such proceedings. Nothing in this agreement prohibits Employee from seeking a whistleblower award pursuant to Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act.

4

9. No Workers Compensation Pending. Employee expressly represents and warrants that Employee has not suffered any workplace injury during Employees performance of services for the Company, and has not filed, and has no intention of filing and/or pursuing any claim for workers compensation benefits against the Company. The Company expressly relies on Employees representation as a material inducement to enter into this Agreement.

10. Civil Code Section 1542. In furtherance of this settlement, Employee expressly waives any rights Employee may have under California Civil Code Section 1542, or other states similar statutes. Section 1542 provides:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

11. ADEA Release. Employee specifically agrees and acknowledges:

a. 

That Employees waiver of rights under this Agreement includes a release of all claims relating to Employees age and is knowing and voluntary as required under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. ("ADEA") and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act ("OWPA");

b. 

That Employee understands the terms of this Agreement;

c. 

That Employee has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement;

d. 

That Employees waiver under this Agreement is in exchange for consideration which Employee is not otherwise entitled to;

e. 

That the Company has given Employee a period of up to forty-five (45) days from the Separation Date within which to consider this Agreement;

f. 

That, following Employees execution of this Agreement, Employee has seven (7) days in which to revoke Employees agreement to this Agreement by notifying the Company in writing and that, if Employee chooses not to so revoke, the Agreement shall then become effective and enforceable and the payment listed above shall then be made to Employee in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

g. 

Employee has read and understands the disclosure enclosed as Exhibit A and Exhibit B;

h. 

This Agreement does not release ADEA and OWPA claims occurring after the date of signing.

5

12. No Filings and Covenant Not to Sue. A covenant not to sue is a legal term that means a person promises not to file a lawsuit or other legal proceeding. It is different from the release of claims contained above. Besides waiving and releasing the claims above, Employee promises never to file or prosecute any legal claim of any kind against any of the Company Releasees identified in Paragraph 8 in any forum for any reason based on any act, omission, event, occurrence, or nonoccurrence, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date, including but not limited to claims, laws or theories covered by the General Release. Excluded from this covenant not to sue (which means that Employee still may file certain charges) is the right to file charges with, or assist/participate in an investigation conducted by, any agency that expressly prohibits waiver of such rights, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Employee understands and agrees that Employee is waiving, however, any right to monetary recovery, including but not limited to compensatory or punitive damages, attorneys fees or costs, or other damages or recovery should such an agency, or any other person, entity or group, pursue any claim on Employees behalf. Employee represents that, as of the date Employee executes this Agreement, Employee has not filed or caused to be filed any claims against any of the Company Releasees. Nothing in this agreement prohibits Employee from seeking a whistleblower award pursuant to Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act.

13. Confidentiality and Arbitration. Employee agrees that Employee will not disclose the terms of this Agreement to any individual or entity, except to Employees spouse, attorney, tax consultant, accountant, state and federal tax authorities, or as required by law. Employee also agrees to abide by the continuing obligations in any confidentiality, nondisclosure, or arbitration agreements executed during his or her employment, including the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement, or any other confidentiality or arbitration agreement executed by Employee during their employment, and specifically agrees to hold in the strictest confidence, and not to use or to disclose, to any person, firm or corporation, any non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business, research or development of the Company, or to the Companys technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans or other information regarding the Companys products or services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers, suppliers and vendors, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, prototypes, designs, sketches, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing plans, finances, pilot projects, and other business information (Company Confidential Information). Company Confidential Information does not include any of the foregoing items to the extent the same have become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of Employee or others. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, nothing in this agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful.

14. Continuing Indemnification Obligations. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Company agrees that nothing herein shall be construed to limit, reduce, or eliminate the Employees liability insurance for its directors and officers or indemnification against the risks of claims and actions against them arising out their service for the Company as set forth under the Indemnification Agreement dated January 29, 2015. The Company shall continue to indemnify and hold the Employee harmless to the fullest extent permitted under the Companys bylaws, applicable law, and the Indemnification Agreement dated January 29, 2015, for any acts or omissions occurring during the Employees employment with the Company.

6

15. Cooperation. Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Companys reasonable requests for information after the Separation Date (including in connection with any pending litigation, arbitration, or other legal dispute which may relate to Employees job duties or tasks during his or her employment). The Company will only make such requests when it deems necessary, and when the information sought is not otherwise available within the Company.

16. No Attorneys Fees and Costs. The Parties agree that they shall bear their own respective costs and fees, including attorneys fees, in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement.

17. Full and Independent Knowledge. The Parties represent that they have thoroughly discussed all aspects of this Agreement with their respective attorneys (or have been provided the right to do so), fully understand all of the provisions of the Agreement, and are voluntarily and knowingly entering into this Agreement.

18. Ownership of Actions. Employee has not transferred or assigned, or purported to transfer or assign, to any person or entity, any action described in this Agreement. Employee further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each and all of the Company Releasees against any and all actions based upon, arising out of, or in any way connected with any such actual or purported transfer or assignment.

19. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the state in which Employee worked as applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that state.

20. Severability. Should any provision in this Agreement be determined to be invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby, and the invalid provision shall be deemed not to be part of this Agreement, and all remaining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.

21. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14, Continuing Indemnification Obligations, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes any prior agreements between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement.

22. No Representations. The Parties acknowledge that, except as expressly set forth herein, no representations of any kind or character have been made by any other Party or that Partys agents, representatives, or attorneys to induce the execution of this Agreement. It is further understood and agreed that Employee has not relied upon any advice whatsoever from the Company or its counsel.

23. No Modification or Waiver. No modification or waiver of the terms of this Agreement shall be effective unless it appears in a writing signed by all Parties to this Agreement.

24. Interpretation of Agreement. The language of all parts in this Agreement shall be construed as a whole, according to fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party. The headings provided in underline are inserted for the convenience of the Parties and shall not be construed to limit or modify the text of this Agreement.

7

25. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties, and their heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of each and all of the Company Releasees, and to their heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assignees.

26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Furthermore, signatures delivered via facsimile transmission or portable document format (PDF) shall have the same force effect as the originals thereof, except that any Party has the right to insist on receipt of the original signature of the other Party before complying with its own obligations under this Agreement.

27. Notification. Notice to be given under this Agreement shall be sent to the Company care of Laura-Desiree Shanker via email to lshanker@avinger.com and to Employee at the addresses listed on the signature page hereto.

THE UNDERSIGNED STATE THAT THEY HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE AGREEMENT, HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THEIR RIGHT TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT, AND KNOW AND UNDERSTAND ITS CONTENTS.

AGREEING PARTIES

Dated: February 6, 2025 /s/ Himanshu Patel 

Himanshu Patel 

Dated: February 6, 2025 AVINGER, INC. 

Sign: /s/ Jeff Soinski 

Jeff Soinski 

Chief Executive Officer 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_776305.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_776305.htm

Exhibit 10.3

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This is a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims (Agreement) dated as of January 28, 2025, between Avinger, Inc. (the Company), and Jeffrey Soinski (Employee). Employee and the Company are referenced together herein as the Parties.

RECITALS

A. WHEREAS, due to the closure of the company, Employees employment or other relationships with any of the Company Releasees (as defined below) will separate effective February 10, 2025 (Separation Date). The Companys offer pursuant to this Agreement shall become effective on the Separation Date.

B. Though this Agreement, Employee and Company mutually desire to settle all claims Employee has or might have against the Company through the date of execution hereof, including but not limited to those arising out of or relating to Employees prior service to the Company, and/or any Company Releasee, and/or the termination thereof.

TERMS AND SETTLEMENT

1. Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective eight (8) days after the later of a) the Separation Date if signed on or before the Separation Date, or b) the date of signature date of this Agreement, if signed after the Separation date (Effective Date).

2. No Admission of Liability. None of the Parties, by entering into and fulfilling this Agreement, admit to any wrongdoing or liability, and each party denies any allegation of wrongdoing. The Parties intend, by their actions pursuant to this Agreement, merely to avoid the expense, delay, uncertainty, and burden of potential litigation.

3. Consideration by the Company. In consideration for Employees promises made herein, the Company agrees to the following, which Employee acknowledges and agrees is full and adequate consideration for Employees execution of this Agreement:

3.1. Severance. Provided that Employee meets all of Employees promises and obligations under this Agreement, including signing, and not revoking, the release of claims under the ADEA, the Company will pay Employee the gross amount of $16,666.67, less all applicable withholdings and deductions. The Company will tender the aforementioned severance payment to Employee six (6) days after the Effective Date, provided all Company Property, addressed below in Paragraph 6, has been returned by such time.

3.2. Benefits. Employees health insurance benefits shall cease on the last day of February 28, 2025.

3.3. Employee agrees and acknowledges that Employee would have no right to the severance benefits provided by this Agreement but for Employees execution and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

4. Entire Consideration. Employee agrees that the consideration set forth in this Paragraph 3 and its subparts shall constitute the entire consideration provided in return for Employees promises and agreements herein, and that Employee will not seek any further remuneration or payment from the Company for wage, damage, interest, penalty, expense, action, attorneys fees or cost, either individually or as part of a class, in connection with the matters encompassed by the Agreement and/or arising out of Employees services to the Company and/or the termination thereof.

5. Taxes. Employee shall pay in full and be solely responsible for all taxes, interest or penalties relating to the consideration, and agrees to indemnify the Company against any assessment, and is not relying on any representations by the Company on this subject matter.

6. Return of the Companys Property. Employee represents that as of the Separation Date, Employee has returned any and all confidential and/or proprietary information of the Company (including but not limited to those of its clients and prospective clients) and other property of the Company in Employees possession. Such property includes, but is not limited to, all tangible and intangible property belonging to the Company and relating to Employees services to the Company, including computer/network password(s), trunk stock, product, equipment (e.g., imaging console) and other items provided to Employee by the Company, developed or obtained by Employee in connection with his or her employment with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company in accordance with the Companys instructions. The Parties agree that if Employee fails to comply with this provision regarding return of Company property, the Company shall be entitled to an award of its costs spent enforcing this provision, including all reasonable attorneys fees associated with the enforcement action. Any such individual breach or disclosure shall not excuse Employee from his/her other obligations hereunder. By executing this Agreement, Employee represents and warrants that Employee has not retained any copies, electronic or otherwise, of such property.

7. Payment of Salary. Employee acknowledges and represents that the Company has paid all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, stock, stock options, vesting, commissions and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Employee, provided that the foregoing shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to pay Employees earned and unpaid salary through the Separation Date. Such amounts are not consideration for this Agreement.

2

8. Release of Claims. In consideration for the promises set forth in this Agreement, Employee does hereby for Employee and for Employees heirs, spouse, representatives, attorneys, executors, administrators, successors, relatives and assigns release the Company and all of its current and former corporate subsidiaries, brother/sister companies, affiliates, partners, predecessors, successors and assigns, and all of their current and former owners, directors, officers, supervisors or managers, employees, agents, representatives, and attorneys and all persons acting under, by, through, or in concert with any of them (collectively Company Releasees), from any and all claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, liens, promises, acts, agreements, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys fees), damages, of whatever kind or nature, including but not limited to any statutory, civil, administrative, or common law claims, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, fixed or contingent, apparent or concealed, arising out of any act or omission occurring before the Effective Date of this Agreement, including but not limited to any claims based on, arising out of, or related to Employees employment with Company or the termination thereof, any claims for any alleged physical or emotional injuries, and/or any claims arising from rights under federal, state, and/or local laws relating to the regulation of federal or state tax payments or accounting; federal, state or local laws that prohibit harassment, discrimination or retaliation on the basis of race, national origin, age, religion, sex, gender, age, marital status, bankruptcy status, disability, perceived disability, ancestry, sexual orientation, family and medical leave, or any other form of harassment, discrimination, or retaliation; statutory or common law claims of any kind, including but not limited to:

a. 

Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disability Act Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disability Act of 1990, as amended, Family Rights Act (Cal. Govt. Code 12945.2 et seq.), Fair Employment and Housing Act (Cal. Govt. Code 12900 et. seq.), and applicable state law;

b. 

Labor Code, including for penalties under Labor Code 2699, et. seq., and the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1971, as amended, and applicable state law;

c. 

Any statutory provision regarding retaliation/discrimination including retaliation prohibited by Labor Code 1102.5, 232.5, and 132(a), the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable state law;

d. 

Contract, tort, and property rights, breach of contract, breach of implied-in-fact contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, tortious interference with contract or current or prospective economic advantage, fraud, deceit, invasion of privacy, unfair competition, misrepresentation, defamation, wrongful termination, tortious infliction of emotional distress (whether intentional or negligent), breach of fiduciary duty, violation of public policy, or any other common law claim of any kind whatsoever; any claim for damages or declaratory or injunctive relief of any kind;

e. 

The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act and California Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act;

f. 

Any common law claims whatsoever, claims for equity, stock options or any other benefits;

3

g. 

Any amounts allegedly due as wages, benefits, penalties or damages as a result of the employment relationship;

h. 

Texas Commission on Human Rights Act, Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 21.00121.556; Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 61.00161.095 (payment of wages); Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann. 122.001122.003 (jury duty); Tex. Elec. Code 276.004 (voter leave for up to 2 hours); Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 1.001 et seq.;

i. 

Elliott-Larsen Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.210137.2804; Workforce Opportunity Wage Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 408.423 (equal pay law); Unfair Discrimination, Restraint of Trade and Trusts Law, Mich. Comp. Laws 750.556 (equal pay); Persons With Disabilities Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.1101 37.1607; Michigan Whistleblowers Protection Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 15.36115.369 (whistleblower protections for public and private employees); Mich. Comp. Laws 600.1348 (jury duty); the Persons with Disabilities Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.1101 et seq.;

j. 

Arkansas Civil Rights Act of 1993, Ark. Code Ann. 16-123-101 to - 108; Ark. Code Ann. 11-4-601 to -612 (equal pay); Arkansas Whistle-Blower Act, Ark. Code Ann. 21-1-601 to -610; Ark. Code Ann. 16-31-106 (no adverse employment action for jury duty); Ark. Code Ann. 7-1-102 (voter leave);

k. 

Missouri Human Rights Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 213.010213.137; Missouri Equal Pay Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.400290.460 (equal pay law); Whistleblowers Protection Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 285.575 (whistleblower protections for private employees); Mo. Rev. Stat. 494.460 (jury duty); Mo. Rev. Stat. 115.639 (voter leave for up to 3 hours);

l. 

Ohio Civil Rights Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4112.014112.99; Ohio Equal Pay Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4111.17 (wage discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, or ancestry); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4111.13 (whistleblower protection); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4113.51 4113.99 (whistleblower protection); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 2313.19 (jury duty); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 3599.06 (voter leave); Ohio Workers Compensation Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4123.90.

Employee acknowledges that the release of claims herein deprives his or her of standing to pursue any claim as an aggrieved employee under the California Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) or as a class or collective representative in any class or collective action against any Company Releasees from all claims and damages, known and unknown, including those which exist or can arise out of employment with Company to the extent permitted by law. Employee avers that he or she lacks standing to bring any representative action under PAGA to the extent permitted by law. Employee further avers that he or she is not an aggrieved employee as defined under Labor Code Section 2699(c), and therefore, Employee agrees that he or she cannot maintain any action, present or future, under PAGA, to the extent permitted by law.

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Employee from filing a charge or complaint, including a challenge to the validity of the waiver provision of this Agreement, with a government agency, including the National Labor Relations Board or the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. However, Employee agrees he or she is waiving the right to monetary damages or other equitable or monetary relief as a result of such proceedings. Nothing in this agreement prohibits Employee from seeking a whistleblower award pursuant to Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act.

4

9. No Workers Compensation Pending. Employee expressly represents and warrants that Employee has not suffered any workplace injury during Employees performance of services for the Company, and has not filed, and has no intention of filing and/or pursuing any claim for workers compensation benefits against the Company. The Company expressly relies on Employees representation as a material inducement to enter into this Agreement.

10. Civil Code Section 1542. In furtherance of this settlement, Employee expressly waives any rights Employee may have under California Civil Code Section 1542, or other states similar statutes. Section 1542 provides:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

11. ADEA Release. Employee specifically agrees and acknowledges:

a. 

That Employees waiver of rights under this Agreement includes a release of all claims relating to Employees age and is knowing and voluntary as required under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. ("ADEA") and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act ("OWPA");

b. 

That Employee understands the terms of this Agreement;

c. 

That Employee has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement;

d. 

That Employees waiver under this Agreement is in exchange for consideration which Employee is not otherwise entitled to;

e. 

That the Company has given Employee a period of up to forty-five (45) days from the Separation Date within which to consider this Agreement;

f. 

That, following Employees execution of this Agreement, Employee has seven (7) days in which to revoke Employees agreement to this Agreement by notifying the Company in writing and that, if Employee chooses not to so revoke, the Agreement shall then become effective and enforceable and the payment listed above shall then be made to Employee in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

g. 

Employee has read and understands the disclosure enclosed as Exhibit A and Exhibit B;

h. 

This Agreement does not release ADEA and OWPA claims occurring after the date of signing.

5

12. No Filings and Covenant Not to Sue. A covenant not to sue is a legal term that means a person promises not to file a lawsuit or other legal proceeding. It is different from the release of claims contained above. Besides waiving and releasing the claims above, Employee promises never to file or prosecute any legal claim of any kind against any of the Company Releasees identified in Paragraph 8 in any forum for any reason based on any act, omission, event, occurrence, or nonoccurrence, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date, including but not limited to claims, laws or theories covered by the General Release. Excluded from this covenant not to sue (which means that Employee still may file certain charges) is the right to file charges with, or assist/participate in an investigation conducted by, any agency that expressly prohibits waiver of such rights, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Employee understands and agrees that Employee is waiving, however, any right to monetary recovery, including but not limited to compensatory or punitive damages, attorneys fees or costs, or other damages or recovery should such an agency, or any other person, entity or group, pursue any claim on Employees behalf. Employee represents that, as of the date Employee executes this Agreement, Employee has not filed or caused to be filed any claims against any of the Company Releasees. Nothing in this agreement prohibits Employee from seeking a whistleblower award pursuant to Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act.

13. Confidentiality and Arbitration. Employee agrees that Employee will not disclose the terms of this Agreement to any individual or entity, except to Employees spouse, attorney, tax consultant, accountant, state and federal tax authorities, or as required by law. Employee also agrees to abide by the continuing obligations in any confidentiality, nondisclosure, or arbitration agreements executed during his or her employment, including the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement, or any other confidentiality or arbitration agreement executed by Employee during their employment, and specifically agrees to hold in the strictest confidence, and not to use or to disclose, to any person, firm or corporation, any non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business, research or development of the Company, or to the Companys technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans or other information regarding the Companys products or services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers, suppliers and vendors, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, prototypes, designs, sketches, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing plans, finances, pilot projects, and other business information (Company Confidential Information). Company Confidential Information does not include any of the foregoing items to the extent the same have become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of Employee or others. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, nothing in this agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful.

14. Continuing Indemnification Obligations. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Company agrees that nothing herein shall be construed to limit, reduce, or eliminate the Employees liability insurance for its directors and officers or indemnification against the risks of claims and actions against them arising out their service for the Company as set forth under the Indemnification Agreement dated January 29, 2015. The Company shall continue to indemnify and hold the Employee harmless to the fullest extent permitted under the Companys bylaws, applicable law, and the Indemnification Agreement dated January 29, 2015, for any acts or omissions occurring during the Employees employment with the Company.

6

15. Cooperation. Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Companys reasonable requests for information after the Separation Date (including in connection with any pending litigation, arbitration, or other legal dispute which may relate to Employees job duties or tasks during his or her employment). The Company will only make such requests when it deems necessary, and when the information sought is not otherwise available within the Company.

16. No Attorneys Fees and Costs. The Parties agree that they shall bear their own respective costs and fees, including attorneys fees, in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement.

17. Full and Independent Knowledge. The Parties represent that they have thoroughly discussed all aspects of this Agreement with their respective attorneys (or have been provided the right to do so), fully understand all of the provisions of the Agreement, and are voluntarily and knowingly entering into this Agreement.

18. Ownership of Actions. Employee has not transferred or assigned, or purported to transfer or assign, to any person or entity, any action described in this Agreement. Employee further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each and all of the Company Releasees against any and all actions based upon, arising out of, or in any way connected with any such actual or purported transfer or assignment.

19. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the state in which Employee worked as applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that state.

20. Severability. Should any provision in this Agreement be determined to be invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby, and the invalid provision shall be deemed not to be part of this Agreement, and all remaining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.

21. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14, Continuing Indemnification Obligations, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes any prior agreements between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement.

22. No Representations. The Parties acknowledge that, except as expressly set forth herein, no representations of any kind or character have been made by any other Party or that Partys agents, representatives, or attorneys to induce the execution of this Agreement. It is further understood and agreed that Employee has not relied upon any advice whatsoever from the Company or its counsel.

23. No Modification or Waiver. No modification or waiver of the terms of this Agreement shall be effective unless it appears in a writing signed by all Parties to this Agreement.

24. Interpretation of Agreement. The language of all parts in this Agreement shall be construed as a whole, according to fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party. The headings provided in underline are inserted for the convenience of the Parties and shall not be construed to limit or modify the text of this Agreement.

7

25. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties, and their heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of each and all of the Company Releasees, and to their heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assignees.

26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Furthermore, signatures delivered via facsimile transmission or portable document format (PDF) shall have the same force effect as the originals thereof, except that any Party has the right to insist on receipt of the original signature of the other Party before complying with its own obligations under this Agreement.

27. Notification. Notice to be given under this Agreement shall be sent to the Company care of Laura-Desiree Shanker via email to lshanker@avinger.com and to Employee at the addresses listed on the signature page hereto.

THE UNDERSIGNED STATE THAT THEY HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE AGREEMENT, HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THEIR RIGHT TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT, AND KNOW AND UNDERSTAND ITS CONTENTS.

AGREEING PARTIES

Dated: February 5, 2025 /s/ Jeffrey Soinski 

Jeffrey Soinski 

Dated: February 5, 2025 AVINGER, INC. 

Sign: /s/ Nabeel Subainati 

Nabeel Subainati 

Vice President, Finance 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_776306.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
ex_776306.htm

Exhibit 10.4

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This is a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims (Agreement) dated as of January 28, 2025, between Avinger, Inc. (the Company), and Nabeel Subainati (Employee). Employee and the Company are referenced together herein as the Parties.

RECITALS

A. WHEREAS, due to the closure of the company, Employees employment or other relationships with any of the Company Releasees (as defined below) will separate effective February 10, 2025 (Separation Date). The Companys offer pursuant to this Agreement shall become effective on the Separation Date.

B. Though this Agreement, Employee and Company mutually desire to settle all claims Employee has or might have against the Company through the date of execution hereof, including but not limited to those arising out of or relating to Employees prior service to the Company, and/or any Company Releasee, and/or the termination thereof.

TERMS AND SETTLEMENT

1. Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective eight (8) days after the later of a) the Separation Date if signed on or before the Separation Date, or b) the date of signature date of this Agreement, if signed after the Separation date (Effective Date).

2. No Admission of Liability. None of the Parties, by entering into and fulfilling this Agreement, admit to any wrongdoing or liability, and each party denies any allegation of wrongdoing. The Parties intend, by their actions pursuant to this Agreement, merely to avoid the expense, delay, uncertainty, and burden of potential litigation.

3. Consideration by the Company. In consideration for Employees promises made herein, the Company agrees to the following, which Employee acknowledges and agrees is full and adequate consideration for Employees execution of this Agreement:

3.1. Severance. Provided that Employee meets all of Employees promises and obligations under this Agreement, including signing, and not revoking, the release of claims under the ADEA, the Company will pay Employee the gross amount of $11,700.00, less all applicable withholdings and deductions. The Company will tender the aforementioned severance payment to Employee six (6) days after the Effective Date, provided all Company Property, addressed below in Paragraph 6, has been returned by such time.

3.2. Benefits. Employees health insurance benefits shall cease on the last day of February 28, 2025.

3.3. Employee agrees and acknowledges that Employee would have no right to the severance benefits provided by this Agreement but for Employees execution and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

4. Entire Consideration. Employee agrees that the consideration set forth in this Paragraph 3 and its subparts shall constitute the entire consideration provided in return for Employees promises and agreements herein, and that Employee will not seek any further remuneration or payment from the Company for wage, damage, interest, penalty, expense, action, attorneys fees or cost, either individually or as part of a class, in connection with the matters encompassed by the Agreement and/or arising out of Employees services to the Company and/or the termination thereof.

5. Taxes. Employee shall pay in full and be solely responsible for all taxes, interest or penalties relating to the consideration, and agrees to indemnify the Company against any assessment, and is not relying on any representations by the Company on this subject matter.

6. Return of the Companys Property. Employee represents that as of the Separation Date, Employee has returned any and all confidential and/or proprietary information of the Company (including but not limited to those of its clients and prospective clients) and other property of the Company in Employees possession. Such property includes, but is not limited to, all tangible and intangible property belonging to the Company and relating to Employees services to the Company, including computer/network password(s), trunk stock, product, equipment (e.g., imaging console) and other items provided to Employee by the Company, developed or obtained by Employee in connection with his or her employment with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company in accordance with the Companys instructions. The Parties agree that if Employee fails to comply with this provision regarding return of Company property, the Company shall be entitled to an award of its costs spent enforcing this provision, including all reasonable attorneys fees associated with the enforcement action. Any such individual breach or disclosure shall not excuse Employee from his/her other obligations hereunder. By executing this Agreement, Employee represents and warrants that Employee has not retained any copies, electronic or otherwise, of such property.

7. Payment of Salary. Employee acknowledges and represents that the Company has paid all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation/paid time off, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, stock, stock options, vesting, commissions and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Employee, provided that the foregoing shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to pay Employees earned and unpaid salary through the Separation Date. Such amounts are not consideration for this Agreement.

2

8. Release of Claims. In consideration for the promises set forth in this Agreement, Employee does hereby for Employee and for Employees heirs, spouse, representatives, attorneys, executors, administrators, successors, relatives and assigns release the Company and all of its current and former corporate subsidiaries, brother/sister companies, affiliates, partners, predecessors, successors and assigns, and all of their current and former owners, directors, officers, supervisors or managers, employees, agents, representatives, and attorneys and all persons acting under, by, through, or in concert with any of them (collectively Company Releasees), from any and all claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, liens, promises, acts, agreements, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys fees), damages, of whatever kind or nature, including but not limited to any statutory, civil, administrative, or common law claims, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, fixed or contingent, apparent or concealed, arising out of any act or omission occurring before the Effective Date of this Agreement, including but not limited to any claims based on, arising out of, or related to Employees employment with Company or the termination thereof, any claims for any alleged physical or emotional injuries, and/or any claims arising from rights under federal, state, and/or local laws relating to the regulation of federal or state tax payments or accounting; federal, state or local laws that prohibit harassment, discrimination or retaliation on the basis of race, national origin, age, religion, sex, gender, age, marital status, bankruptcy status, disability, perceived disability, ancestry, sexual orientation, family and medical leave, or any other form of harassment, discrimination, or retaliation; statutory or common law claims of any kind, including but not limited to:

a. 

Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disability Act Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disability Act of 1990, as amended, Family Rights Act (Cal. Govt. Code 12945.2 et seq.), Fair Employment and Housing Act (Cal. Govt. Code 12900 et. seq.), and applicable state law;

b. 

Labor Code, including for penalties under Labor Code 2699, et. seq., and the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1971, as amended, and applicable state law;

c. 

Any statutory provision regarding retaliation/discrimination including retaliation prohibited by Labor Code 1102.5, 232.5, and 132(a), the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable state law;

d. 

Contract, tort, and property rights, breach of contract, breach of implied-in-fact contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, tortious interference with contract or current or prospective economic advantage, fraud, deceit, invasion of privacy, unfair competition, misrepresentation, defamation, wrongful termination, tortious infliction of emotional distress (whether intentional or negligent), breach of fiduciary duty, violation of public policy, or any other common law claim of any kind whatsoever; any claim for damages or declaratory or injunctive relief of any kind;

e. 

The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act and California Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act;

f. 

Any common law claims whatsoever, claims for equity, stock options or any other benefits;

3

g. 

Any amounts allegedly due as wages, benefits, penalties or damages as a result of the employment relationship;

h. 

Texas Commission on Human Rights Act, Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 21.00121.556; Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 61.00161.095 (payment of wages); Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann. 122.001122.003 (jury duty); Tex. Elec. Code 276.004 (voter leave for up to 2 hours); Tex. Lab. Code Ann. 1.001 et seq.;

i. 

Elliott-Larsen Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.210137.2804; Workforce Opportunity Wage Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 408.423 (equal pay law); Unfair Discrimination, Restraint of Trade and Trusts Law, Mich. Comp. Laws 750.556 (equal pay); Persons With Disabilities Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.1101 37.1607; Michigan Whistleblowers Protection Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 15.36115.369 (whistleblower protections for public and private employees); Mich. Comp. Laws 600.1348 (jury duty); the Persons with Disabilities Civil Rights Act, Mich. Comp. Laws 37.1101 et seq.;

j. 

Arkansas Civil Rights Act of 1993, Ark. Code Ann. 16-123-101 to - 108; Ark. Code Ann. 11-4-601 to -612 (equal pay); Arkansas Whistle-Blower Act, Ark. Code Ann. 21-1-601 to -610; Ark. Code Ann. 16-31-106 (no adverse employment action for jury duty); Ark. Code Ann. 7-1-102 (voter leave);

k. 

Missouri Human Rights Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 213.010213.137; Missouri Equal Pay Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 290.400290.460 (equal pay law); Whistleblowers Protection Act, Mo. Rev. Stat. 285.575 (whistleblower protections for private employees); Mo. Rev. Stat. 494.460 (jury duty); Mo. Rev. Stat. 115.639 (voter leave for up to 3 hours);

l. 

Ohio Civil Rights Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4112.014112.99; Ohio Equal Pay Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4111.17 (wage discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, or ancestry); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4111.13 (whistleblower protection); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4113.51 4113.99 (whistleblower protection); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 2313.19 (jury duty); Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 3599.06 (voter leave); Ohio Workers Compensation Act, Ohio Rev. Code Ann. 4123.90.

Employee acknowledges that the release of claims herein deprives his or her of standing to pursue any claim as an aggrieved employee under the California Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) or as a class or collective representative in any class or collective action against any Company Releasees from all claims and damages, known and unknown, including those which exist or can arise out of employment with Company to the extent permitted by law. Employee avers that he or she lacks standing to bring any representative action under PAGA to the extent permitted by law. Employee further avers that he or she is not an aggrieved employee as defined under Labor Code Section 2699(c), and therefore, Employee agrees that he or she cannot maintain any action, present or future, under PAGA, to the extent permitted by law.

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Employee from filing a charge or complaint, including a challenge to the validity of the waiver provision of this Agreement, with a government agency, including the National Labor Relations Board or the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. However, Employee agrees he or she is waiving the right to monetary damages or other equitable or monetary relief as a result of such proceedings. Nothing in this agreement prohibits Employee from seeking a whistleblower award pursuant to Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act.

4

9. No Workers Compensation Pending. Employee expressly represents and warrants that Employee has not suffered any workplace injury during Employees performance of services for the Company, and has not filed, and has no intention of filing and/or pursuing any claim for workers compensation benefits against the Company. The Company expressly relies on Employees representation as a material inducement to enter into this Agreement.

10. Civil Code Section 1542. In furtherance of this settlement, Employee expressly waives any rights Employee may have under California Civil Code Section 1542, or other states similar statutes. Section 1542 provides:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

11. ADEA Release. Employee specifically agrees and acknowledges:

a. 

That Employees waiver of rights under this Agreement includes a release of all claims relating to Employees age and is knowing and voluntary as required under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. ("ADEA") and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act ("OWPA");

b. 

That Employee understands the terms of this Agreement;

c. 

That Employee has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement;

d. 

That Employees waiver under this Agreement is in exchange for consideration which Employee is not otherwise entitled to;

e. 

That the Company has given Employee a period of up to forty-five (45) days from the Separation Date within which to consider this Agreement;

f. 

That, following Employees execution of this Agreement, Employee has seven (7) days in which to revoke Employees agreement to this Agreement by notifying the Company in writing and that, if Employee chooses not to so revoke, the Agreement shall then become effective and enforceable and the payment listed above shall then be made to Employee in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

g. 

Employee has read and understands the disclosure enclosed as Exhibit A and Exhibit B;

h. 

This Agreement does not release ADEA and OWPA claims occurring after the date of signing.

5

12. No Filings and Covenant Not to Sue. A covenant not to sue is a legal term that means a person promises not to file a lawsuit or other legal proceeding. It is different from the release of claims contained above. Besides waiving and releasing the claims above, Employee promises never to file or prosecute any legal claim of any kind against any of the Company Releasees identified in Paragraph 8 in any forum for any reason based on any act, omission, event, occurrence, or nonoccurrence, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date, including but not limited to claims, laws or theories covered by the General Release. Excluded from this covenant not to sue (which means that Employee still may file certain charges) is the right to file charges with, or assist/participate in an investigation conducted by, any agency that expressly prohibits waiver of such rights, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Employee understands and agrees that Employee is waiving, however, any right to monetary recovery, including but not limited to compensatory or punitive damages, attorneys fees or costs, or other damages or recovery should such an agency, or any other person, entity or group, pursue any claim on Employees behalf. Employee represents that, as of the date Employee executes this Agreement, Employee has not filed or caused to be filed any claims against any of the Company Releasees. Nothing in this agreement prohibits Employee from seeking a whistleblower award pursuant to Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act.

13. Confidentiality and Arbitration. Employee agrees that Employee will not disclose the terms of this Agreement to any individual or entity, except to Employees spouse, attorney, tax consultant, accountant, state and federal tax authorities, or as required by law. Employee also agrees to abide by the continuing obligations in any confidentiality, nondisclosure, or arbitration agreements executed during his or her employment, including the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement, or any other confidentiality or arbitration agreement executed by Employee during their employment, and specifically agrees to hold in the strictest confidence, and not to use or to disclose, to any person, firm or corporation, any non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business, research or development of the Company, or to the Companys technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans or other information regarding the Companys products or services and markets therefor, customer lists and customers, suppliers and vendors, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, prototypes, designs, sketches, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing plans, finances, pilot projects, and other business information (Company Confidential Information). Company Confidential Information does not include any of the foregoing items to the extent the same have become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of Employee or others. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, nothing in this agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful.

14. Continuing Indemnification Obligations. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Company agrees that nothing herein shall be construed to limit, reduce, or eliminate the Employees liability insurance for its directors and officers or indemnification against the risks of claims and actions against them arising out their service for the Company as set forth under the Indemnification Agreement dated July 21, 2022. The Company shall continue to indemnify and hold the Employee harmless to the fullest extent permitted under the Companys bylaws, applicable law, and the Indemnification Agreement dated July 21, 2022, for any acts or omissions occurring during the Employees employment with the Company.

6

15. Cooperation. Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Companys reasonable requests for information after the Separation Date (including in connection with any pending litigation, arbitration, or other legal dispute which may relate to Employees job duties or tasks during his or her employment). The Company will only make such requests when it deems necessary, and when the information sought is not otherwise available within the Company.

16. No Attorneys Fees and Costs. The Parties agree that they shall bear their own respective costs and fees, including attorneys fees, in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement.

17. Full and Independent Knowledge. The Parties represent that they have thoroughly discussed all aspects of this Agreement with their respective attorneys (or have been provided the right to do so), fully understand all of the provisions of the Agreement, and are voluntarily and knowingly entering into this Agreement.

18. Ownership of Actions. Employee has not transferred or assigned, or purported to transfer or assign, to any person or entity, any action described in this Agreement. Employee further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each and all of the Company Releasees against any and all actions based upon, arising out of, or in any way connected with any such actual or purported transfer or assignment.

19. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the state in which Employee worked as applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that state.

20. Severability. Should any provision in this Agreement be determined to be invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby, and the invalid provision shall be deemed not to be part of this Agreement, and all remaining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.

21. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14, Continuing Indemnification Obligations, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes any prior agreements between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement.

22. No Representations. The Parties acknowledge that, except as expressly set forth herein, no representations of any kind or character have been made by any other Party or that Partys agents, representatives, or attorneys to induce the execution of this Agreement. It is further understood and agreed that Employee has not relied upon any advice whatsoever from the Company or its counsel.

23. No Modification or Waiver. No modification or waiver of the terms of this Agreement shall be effective unless it appears in a writing signed by all Parties to this Agreement.

24. Interpretation of Agreement. The language of all parts in this Agreement shall be construed as a whole, according to fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party. The headings provided in underline are inserted for the convenience of the Parties and shall not be construed to limit or modify the text of this Agreement.

7

25. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties, and their heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of each and all of the Company Releasees, and to their heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assignees.

26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Furthermore, signatures delivered via facsimile transmission or portable document format (PDF) shall have the same force effect as the originals thereof, except that any Party has the right to insist on receipt of the original signature of the other Party before complying with its own obligations under this Agreement.

27. Notification. Notice to be given under this Agreement shall be sent to the Company care of Laura-Desiree Shanker via email to lshanker@avinger.com and to Employee at the addresses listed on the signature page hereto.

THE UNDERSIGNED STATE THAT THEY HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE AGREEMENT, HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THEIR RIGHT TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT, AND KNOW AND UNDERSTAND ITS CONTENTS.

AGREEING PARTIES

Dated: February 4, 2025 /s/ Nabeel Subainati 

Nabeel Subainati 

Dated: February 4, 2025 AVINGER, INC. 

Sign: /s/ Jeff Soinski 

Jeff Soinski 

Chief Executive Officer 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex_776307.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 16.1
<TEXT>
ex_776307.htm

Exhibit 16.1

February 10, 2025

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

100 F Street, N.E.

Washington, DC 20549

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have read the statements made by Avinger, Inc. included under Item 4.01 of its Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 7, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We agree with the statements concerning our Firm contained therein.

Sincerely,

/s/ Moss Adams LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>avgr-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>avgr-20250204_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>avgr-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>avgr-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 04, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Avinger, Inc.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-36817

Entity, Tax Identification Number 20-8873453

Entity, Address, Address Line One 400 Chesapeake Drive

Entity, Address, City or Town Redwood City

Entity, Address, State or Province CA

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 94063

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 241-7900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol AVGR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001506928

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.avgr.com/20250204/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

avgr-20250204.xsd 
avgr-20250204_def.xml 
avgr-20250204_lab.xml 
avgr-20250204_pre.xml 
avgr20250208_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-003321-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>avgr20250208_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001506928 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

false 
0001506928 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
Avinger, Inc. 
DE 
001-36817 
20-8873453 
400 Chesapeake Drive 
Redwood City 
CA 
94063 
650 
241-7900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
AVGR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>