<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-010723.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-010723.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206073026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-010723
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pluri Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001158780
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				980351734
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31392
		FILM NUMBER:		25595462

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATAM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		BUILDING NO. 5
		CITY:			HAIFA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			3508409
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-74-710-7171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATAM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		BUILDING NO. 5
		CITY:			HAIFA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			3508409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLURISTEM THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLURISTEM LIFE SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AI SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010906
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229937-8k_pluri.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000115878000011587802025-02-032025-02-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 6, 2025 (February 3, 2025)

PLURI INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-31392 98-0351734

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

MATAM Advanced Technology Park 

Building No. 5 

Haifa, Israel 3508409

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

011972 74 710 7171

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Shares, par value $0.00001 per share PLUR The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On
February 3, 2025, Pluri Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase
Agreement) with Merchant Adventure Fund, L.P. (the Investor), an existing shareholder of the Company, relating to
a private placement offering (the Offering) of: (i) 759,219 common shares, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common
Shares) of the Company, and (ii) warrants (the Common Warrants) to purchase up to 45,553 Common Shares. The purchase
price for each Common Share is $4.61. The Common Warrants have an exercise price of $5.568 per share, can be exercisable immediately following
the closing of the Offering and will be exercisable for 3 years following such date. The Common Warrants contain customary anti-dilution
provisions. The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the
Investor and customary indemnification, registration rights and obligations of the parties.

The
gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately $3.5 million. The Company intends to use the proceeds
from the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Offering is expected to close on or about February 20, 2025,
subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The
securities issued with respect to the Offering are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.
The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may
not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable
state securities laws.

This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any
state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

The foregoing descriptions
of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Common Warrants are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Securities
Purchase Agreement and the form of Common Warrants, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The response to this item
is included in Item 1.01, Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, and is incorporated herein in its entirety.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Common Warrant

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

1

Safe Harbor Statement

This Current Report on Form
8-K contains express or implied forward-looking statements within the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other U.S.
Federal securities laws. For example, the Company is using forward-looking statements when it discusses the expected closing of the Offering,
the receipt of the proceeds and the intended use of the proceeds from the Offering. These forward-looking statements and their implications
are based on the current expectations of the management of the Company only and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements about the Company: the conditions
to the closing of the Offering; changes in technology and market requirements; the Company may encounter delays or obstacles in launching
and/or successfully completing its clinical trials, if necessary; the Companys products may not be approved by regulatory agencies;
the Companys technology may not be validated as it progresses further and its methods may not be accepted by the scientific community;
the Company may be unable to retain or attract key employees whose knowledge is essential to the development of its products; unforeseen
scientific difficulties may develop with the Companys processes; the Companys products may wind up being more expensive
than it anticipates; results in the laboratory may not translate to equally good results in real clinical settings; the Companys
patents may not be sufficient; the Companys products may harm recipients or consumers; changes in legislation with an adverse impact;
inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; and loss of market share and pressure on pricing
resulting from competition, which could cause the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated
in such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting the Company, reference is made to the Companys
reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

PLURI INC.

Date: February 6, 2025 By: /s/ Liat Zalts 

Name: Liat Zalts

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022993701ex4-1_pluri.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES

COMMON SHARES PURCHASE
WARRANT

PLURI INC.

Warrant No. _____ Issue Date: February __, 2025

Warrant Shares: _ 45,553 _ 

THIS COMMON SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, Merchant Adventure Fund LP or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the
terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after February __, 2025 (the
Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) year anniversary
of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Pluri
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to 45,553 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Common Shares. The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as
defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 3,
2025, among the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following
terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States, Israel or any day on which
banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Shares Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Shares, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE, the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing.

Transfer Agent
means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing
address of 55 Challenger Road, Floor 2, Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660, and any successor transfer
agent of the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrants. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of
the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the
Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto. Within the earlier
of (i) three (3) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i)
herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in
the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer drawn on a United States or Israeli bank. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of
the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Shares under this Warrant shall be $5.568, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

2

c) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder,
and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its
designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder
in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the
Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received within the earlier of (i) three (3) Trading Days and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading
Market with respect to the Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in addition to any other action that
the Holder may exercise pursuant to applicable law.

iv. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

v. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

3

vi. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof, unless otherwise required by law.

d) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder
shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with (i) the Holders
Affiliates, (ii) any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, and (iii) any other
Persons whose beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders for the purposes of
Section 13(d) (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of
the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and
(ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this
Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is
in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be
the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have
no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the
Holder relies on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to
any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission), as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or
oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of
Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to
the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Holder prior to the issuance of this Warrant, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable
solely as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder.

4

Section 3.
Certain Adjustments.

a) Share
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding Common
Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Shares, any shares of capital stock of the Company,
then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number Common Shares outstanding
immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become
effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at
any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Shares Equivalents or rights to purchase share, warrants, securities or other
property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares
as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
the such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without
limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation]) immediately
before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution. To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially
or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of
the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

5

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any
sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series
of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not
including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons
making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(d) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(d) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section
3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable
delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which
is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the
Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital
stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

6

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, unless the Company otherwise
publishes any such adjustment via a public announcement, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice
setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth
a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of Common Shares, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of
any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of Common Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of Common Shares of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect
therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the
extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The
Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

7

Section 4.
Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent,
together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer, if any required. Upon such surrender
and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees,
as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a
new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within five (5) Trading Days of the date the
Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith,
may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, this Warrant shall
not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

8

Section 5.
Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that it has reserved
and will continue to reserve and keep available so long as this Warrant remains outstanding, free of preemptive rights, from its authorized
and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without
violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed
(including the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant
Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges
created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such
issue).

9

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered by the Company in breach
of its covenant pursuant to Section 4.10 of the Purchase Agreement, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities
laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

10

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

PLURI INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: pluri inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money
of the United States

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022993701ex10-1_pluri.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement)
is dated as of February 3, 2025, between Pluri Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the purchaser identified
on the signature pages hereto (including its successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement
and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and Rule 506(b) of
Regulation D and Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser
desires to purchase from the Company, (i) Common Shares, and (ii) Common Warrants to purchase Common Shares equal to 6% of the sum of
(A) the Common Shares purchased by the Purchaser hereunder, as each such term is defined below and more fully described in this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the
meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States, a legal holiday
in the State of Israel, or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or the State of Israel are authorized or required
by law or other governmental action to close; provided, however, that, for calculating a Business Day, any action to be taken by the Company
hereunder, a Friday as of and after 1:00 p.m. (Tel Aviv time) shall not be considered a Business Day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Shares means the common shares of the Company, par value $0.00001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Warrant means the Common Shares purchase warrant delivered to the Purchaser at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)
hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Holder
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8(a).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
(ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Per Share Purchase Price means $4.61, subject
to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of shares of Common
Stock that occur between the date hereof and the Closing Date.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary
or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign).

2

Registrable
Securities means the Shares and Warrant Shares, together with any share capital issued or issuable, from time to time, upon
any reclassification, share combination, share subdivision, share split, share dividend or similar transaction or event or otherwise as
a distribution on, in exchange for or with respect to any of the foregoing, in each case held at the relevant time by the Purchaser; provided,
however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to
occur of: (i) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act
and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement by the
applicable Holder; (ii) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend
restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not
require registration under the Securities Act; (iii) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (iv) such securities may be
sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 or any successor rule promulgated under the Securities Act (but with no volume or other
restrictions or limitations including as to manner or timing of sale); and (v) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker,
dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the Common Shares issued or issuable to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing Common Shares). 

Subscription
Amount means, the aggregate amount of $3.5 million to be paid by the Purchaser for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

3

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company,
with a mailing address of 55 Challenger Road, Floor 2, Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660, and any
successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants means the Common Warrant.

Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to
sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase (i) the number of Common Shares set forth under the heading Subscription Amount
on the Purchasers signature page hereto, at the Per Share Purchase Price, and (ii) Common Warrants exercisable for shares of Common
Stock as calculated pursuant to Section 2.2(a). Prior to Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer of immediately
available funds in cash equal to its Subscription Amount, and as of the Closing (i) the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser the Shares
and the Warrants, and (ii) the Company and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of legal counsel
to the Company or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree (and such Closing may be undertaken remotely by electronic exchange
of documentation).

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

4

(ii) on the Closing Date, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to
issue to the Purchaser in global form through a book-entry account maintained by the Transfer Agent, the number of Common Shares equal
to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iii) on the Closing Date, a Common Warrant registered in the name of the
Purchaser to purchase up to 6% of the Common Shares, with an exercise price equal to $5.568 per share, subject to adjustment therein;

(iv) on the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall have received a certificate
signed by each of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions
set forth in Section 2.3(b); and

(v) on the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall have received an opinion of
Sullivan & Worcester LLP, counsel for the Company, dated as of the Closing Date in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser.

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser;

(ii) if
the Purchaser is an Accredited Investor (as defined herein), an executed copy of the Accredited Investor Questionnaire set forth on Exhibit
B-1;

(iii) if
the Purchaser is a Non-U.S. Person (as defined herein), an executed copy of the Regulation S Questionnaire set forth on Exhibit B-2;
and

(iv) the
Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company
or its designees.

5

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof;

(v) the
Company shall have filed additional listing applications and/or notices of each of the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
(the TASE) for the listing of the Common Shares and the Warrant Shares issued and issuable to the Purchaser pursuant
to the Transaction Documents; and

(vi) the
Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for the consummation of the
purchase and sale of the Securities and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the waiver
of any applicable registration rights that could affect the rights of the Purchaser hereunder, all of which shall be in full force and
effect.

6

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser:

(a) Organization
and Standing. Each of the Company and each of its subsidiaries has been (i) duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing
(where such concept exists) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, with power and authority (corporate and other) to own
its properties and conduct its business as currently conducted, and (ii) duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of
business and is in good standing (where such concept exists) under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties
or conducts any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The certificate of incorporation, articles of association and by-laws
(and other applicable organizational documents) of the Company and each of its subsidiaries comply with the requirements of applicable
law in its jurisdiction of incorporation and are in full force and effect and except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company owns,
directly or through subsidiaries, all of the issued outstanding equity securities of each of its subsidiaries.

(b) Corporate
Power; Authorization. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Company; the Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents is the valid and binding
obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles
and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(c) Issuance
and Delivery of the Securities. The Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in compliance with the provisions
of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and issued in compliance with all applicable law. The Warrants
have been duly authorized by the Company and when executed and delivered by the Company will be valid and binding agreements of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. The issuance and delivery of the Shares or Warrants is not subject to
preemptive, co-sale, right of first refusal or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any other Person
or any liens or encumbrances. The Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, when issued and delivered upon
valid exercise of the Warrants in accordance therewith, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and issued in compliance
with all applicable law, and not subject to preemptive, co-sale, right of first refusal or any other similar rights of the shareholders
of the Company or any other Person or any liens or encumbrances.

7

(d) Registration
Exemption. The offer and issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from registration under the Securities Act.

(e) SEC
Reports. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and has filed or will file in a timely manner all
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents that the Company was or is required to file with the Commission under either
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, since becoming subject to the requirements of the Exchange Act (the foregoing documents (together
with any documents filed by the Company under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, whether or not required), and in each case including
all exhibits and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein and including all registration statements and prospectuses
filed with the Commission, but excluding any information for which the Company has received confidential treatment from the Commission,
being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports), all of which are available on the Commissions EDGAR
system. As of their respective filing or furnishing dates (or, if amended prior to the date of this Agreement, when amended), all SEC
Reports (including any audited or unaudited financial statements and any notes thereto or schedules included therein) complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of
the Commission promulgated thereunder. None of the SEC Reports as of their respective filing or furnishing dates contained any untrue
statement of material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no material outstanding or unresolved comments
in comment letters from the staff of the Division of Corporation Finance of the Commission with respect to any SEC Reports.

(f) Tel
Aviv Stock Exchange Reporting. All statements, reports, schedules, forms and other documents (and all exhibits, supplements and amendments)
required to have been published and/or filed by the Company pursuant to applicable law with the Israel Securities Authority and the TASE
have been so published and/or filed and/or furnished, as applicable, on a timely basis (the TASE Reporting Document).
As of the time it was published and/or filed and/or furnished, as applicable, other than as corrected in a subsequent TASE Reporting Document:
(i) each of the TASE Reporting Documents complied in all material respects with applicable laws as in effect on the date such TASE Reporting
Document was filed; and (ii) none of the TASE Reporting Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

8

(g) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in
any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) in connection
with the offer or sale of the Securities.

(h) No
Bad Actor Disqualification. No bad actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii)
of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any Company Covered Person (as defined below), except for a Disqualification Event to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii-iv) or (d)(3)
is applicable. Company Covered Person means, with respect to the Company as an issuer for purposes
of Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, any person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1).

(i) No
Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information
is given in the SEC Reports: (i) there has been no change which has had or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not incurred any material liability or obligation,
indirect, direct or contingent, not in the ordinary course of business nor entered into any material transaction or agreement not in the
ordinary course of business; (iii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company;
(iv) no executive officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company; and (v) there has not been any Material
Adverse Effect in the Companys long-term or short-term debt.

(j) Independent
Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, Kesselman & Kesselman, whose report is filed with the Commission and included or
incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited. Kesselman & Kesselman
has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports, provided to
the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

(k) Financial
Statements. The financial statements filed with the Commission and included in the SEC Reports, together with the related notes and
schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and
at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods therein specified. Such financial statements
and supporting schedules have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto, provided,
that, unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate
and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in
or incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports.

(l) [Reserved].

9

(m) Statistical
and Marketing-Related Data. The statistical and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in SEC Reports are based
on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent the Companys
good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

(n) XBRL.
The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports fairly presents
the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines
applicable thereto.

(o) Capitalization.
The authorized share capital of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(o). As set forth in the SEC Reports as of the date set forth
therein, all of the issued and outstanding Common Shares of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully
paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance with all applicable law, and conform to the description of the Common Shares contained
in the SEC Reports; and all of the issued shares of each subsidiary of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are
fully paid and non-assessable are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or
claims, except for such liens or encumbrances described in the SEC Reports, there are no options, warrants, agreements, contracts or other
rights in existence to purchase or acquire from the Company any shares of the share capital of the Company; the Common Shares to be issued
and sold by the Company to the Purchaser hereunder have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued and delivered against payment
therefor as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable and will conform to the description of
the ordinary shares contained in the SEC Reports; the issuance of the Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights; the description
of the Companys share option, RSUs, share bonus and other share plans or arrangements (the Company Share Plans),
and the options and other equity incentive awards or other rights granted thereunder (collectively, the Options),
set forth in the SEC Reports accurately and fairly presents the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements,
options and rights; each grant of an Option (A) was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Option was by its
terms to be effective by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the board of directors of the Company (or
a duly constituted and authorized committee thereof) and any required shareholder approval by the necessary number of votes or written
consents, and the award agreement governing such grant (if any) was duly executed and delivered by each party thereto, (B) that was intended
to qualify for either the capital gains track or the employment income track of Section 102 of the Israeli
Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 5721-1961, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, so qualifies as was indicated with
respect to each such Option at the date that such Option was granted, and (C) was made in accordance with the terms of the applicable
Company Share Plan and applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, including all applicable federal and Israeli securities laws.

10

(p) Non-Contravention
of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. The Companys execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Transaction Documents (including the issuance and
sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities will not (A) result in a material breach or violation
of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, any law, order, rule or regulation to which the Company or any
subsidiary is subject (including, without limitation, those promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services (the FDA) or by any foreign, federal, state or local regulatory authority performing functions
similar to those performed by the FDA), or by which any property or asset of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected, (B)
conflict with, result in any violation or breach of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would
become a default) under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice,
lapse of time or both) (a Default Acceleration Event) of, any agreement, lease, credit facility, debt, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture or other instrument (Contract) or obligation or other understanding to which the Company or
any subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected or any instrument
of approval granted to it by the Israel Innovation Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry or any instrument of approval
granted to any of them by the Authority for Investment and Development of Industry and the Economy of the Israeli Ministry of Economy
and Industry, except to the extent that such conflict, default, or Default Acceleration Event is not reasonably likely to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, or (C) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under,
the Companys articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or bylaws (as the same may be
amended or restated from time to time). Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in
violation, breach or default under its articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time), bylaws (as
the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or other equivalent organizational or governing documents. The Company nor, to
its knowledge, any other party is in violation, breach or default of any Contract that has resulted in or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each approval, consent, order, authorization, designation, declaration or filing by or with any
regulatory, administrative or other governmental body necessary in connection with the execution and delivery by the Company of this
Agreement and the performance of the Company of the transactions herein contemplated has been obtained or made and is in full force and
effect.

(q) No
Material Actions or Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental
proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any executive officer or director of the Company including any proceeding before the FDA or comparable federal, state, local or foreign
governmental bodies (it being understood that the interaction between the Company and the FDA and such comparable governmental bodies
relating to the clinical development and product approval process shall not be deemed proceedings for purposes of this representation),
which is required to be disclosed and has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r) Labor
Disputes. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is not pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, any action,
suit or proceeding to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any property or assets of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is the subject before or by any court or governmental agency, authority or body, or any arbitrator or mediator, except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(s) Compliance
with Certain Applicable Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations
applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion,
sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company (Applicable
Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (B)
has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any governmental authority alleging or
asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements
or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations) the receipt of which could, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations
are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received
notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any governmental
authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and
has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit,
investigation or proceeding, the receipt of which could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; (E) has not received notice that any governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend,
modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering such action; and (F) has
filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and
supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications,
records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented
by a subsequent submission).

(t) Tax
Law Compliance. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect each of the Company and its subsidiaries has (a) filed all material foreign,
federal, state and local tax returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof or
has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof and (b) paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due and payable on
such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company or such respective subsidiary. The provisions
for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports are sufficient for
all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements.
Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no material issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in
connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company or its subsidiaries, and no waivers of statutes of limitation
with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company or its subsidiaries. There are no
tax liens against the assets, properties or business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The term taxes mean all
federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits,
license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall
profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties,
additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports,
statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

12

(u) Company
Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment for the Securities or
after the application of the proceeds therefrom to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(v) Insurance.
The Company and each of its subsidiaries carries, or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in such amounts and covering such risks,
which the Company believes are adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its properties and as is customary for companies
engaged in similar businesses in similar industries, and all such insurance is in full force and effect. Neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries has reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies
expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now
conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(w) No
Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might cause
or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Common Shares or of any reference security (as defined in
Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act (Regulation M)) with respect to the Common Shares, whether to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Securities or otherwise, and has taken no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M.

(x) Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required
to be described in the SEC Reports that have not been described as required pursuant to the Securities Act.

(y) Compliance
with Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws
and regulations relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health
and safety or the environment which are applicable to their businesses (Environmental Laws), except where the failure
to comply has not had and would not reasonably be expected to result in, singularly or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. There
has been no storage, generation, transportation, handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic
or other wastes or other hazardous substances by, due to, or caused by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or, to the Companys
knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may otherwise be liable) upon any
of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or upon any other property, in violation
of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance,
rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any liability, except for any violation
or liability which has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such violations and
liabilities, a Material Adverse Effect; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto such property
or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries has knowledge, except for any such disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind which
would not have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such discharges and other releases, a Material Adverse Effect.

13

(z) Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its subsidiaries own or possess or have valid rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets and similar
rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries
as currently carried on and as described in the SEC Reports, except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its subsidiaries necessary for the conduct of their
business as currently carried on and as described in the SEC Reports will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar
fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others, except where such action, use, license or fee is not reasonably likely to result
in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have received any notice alleging any such infringement,
fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation
by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (B) there is no pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable
basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 3.1(t), reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action,
suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware
of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other
claims in this Section 3.1(t), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (D) there is no pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes,
misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a
reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section
3.1(t), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (E) except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, to the Companys
knowledge, no employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term
of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement,
nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees
employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company or any of
its subsidiaries and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys
knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company or any of its subsidiaries which has not been
patented has been kept confidential. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any options, licenses or
agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the SEC
Reports and are not described therein. The SEC Reports contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth
in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company or its subsidiaries has been obtained or is being used by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or any such subsidiary or, to the
Companys knowledge, any of its or its subsidiaries officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights
of any persons, except for violations that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(aa) Brokers. Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person (other than as contemplated
by this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or the Purchaser for a brokerage
commission, finders fee or like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities under this Agreement.

(bb) No Outstanding
Loans or Other Indebtedness. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary
course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers
or directors of the Company or executive officers of any of its subsidiaries to the extent such executive officers may be deemed executive
officers of the Company, or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports. The Company has not directly
or indirectly extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a
personal loan to or for any director or executive officer of the Company.

(cc) Broker-Dealer Status.
Neither the Company nor any of its related entities (i) is required to register as a broker or dealer
in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls
or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within the meaning of Article I
of the NASD Manual administered by FINRA). To the Companys knowledge, there are no affiliations or associations between any member
of FINRA and any of the Companys officers, directors or 5% or greater security holders, except as set forth in the SEC Reports.

(dd) Form S-3 Eligibility.
The Company meets the applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, including compliance with General Instruction
I.B.1 or General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, if and for so long as applicable. The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule
405 under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a shell company
at any time previously, has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) with the Commission
at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

15

(ee) Compliance with
Orders. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any material judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority.

(ff) SarbanesOxley
Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities
as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations
promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections
302 and 906 related to certifications.

(gg) Disclosure Controls
and Procedures. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and its subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control
over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of
the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or
specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated
by reference in the SEC Reports fairly present the information called for in all material respects and are prepared in accordance with
the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in
the SEC Reports, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

(hh) ERISA. The
Company, its subsidiaries and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established or maintained
by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects
with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company and each of its subsidiaries, any member of any group of
organizations described in Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published
interpretations thereunder (the Code) of which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a member. No reportable
event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan
established or maintained by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan
established or maintained by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan
were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i)
Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971,
4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, any of its subsidiaries
or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge
of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

16

(ii) Contracts
and Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the SEC Reports conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof
contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act to be described in
the SEC Reports or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the SEC Reports, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement
or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is
or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys or its subsidiaries
business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its
terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities
laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports,
none of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company or its subsidiaries, and neither the Company, its subsidiaries
nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge,
performance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in
a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their assets or businesses (each, a Governmental
Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(jj) Title to Properties.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have
valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real or personal property which are material to the business of the Company, in each
case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially
affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company, and under which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries hold properties described in the SEC Reports, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has received any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease, which would result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

17

(kk) No Unlawful Contributions
or Other Payments. No payments or inducements have been made or given, directly or indirectly, to any federal or local official or
candidate for, any federal or state office in the United States or foreign offices by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their
officers or directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, by any of its employees or agents or any other person in connection with any
opportunity, contract, permit, certificate, consent, order, approval, waiver or other authorization relating to the business of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, except for such payments or inducements as were lawful under applicable laws, rules and regulations. Neither
the Company, any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or other person associated
with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (i) has used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift,
entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any government
official or employee from corporate funds; or (iii) made any bribe, unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful
payment in connection with the business of the Company.

(ll) Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee,
affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is aware of or has taken any action, directly or
indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder (collectively, the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means
or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment
of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official
(as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office,
in contravention of the FCPA. The Company and its subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA
and have instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure,
continued compliance therewith. The foregoing representation and warranty shall also be deemed given regarding laws of applicable
non-U.S. jurisdictions similar to the FCPA, including, without limitation, Sections 291 and 291A of the Israel Penal Law, 5737-1977 and
the rules and regulations thereunder.

(mm) Money Laundering
Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering
statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued,
administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with
respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

18

(nn) OFAC. None
of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person
acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds
of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person
or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

(oo) Exchange
Listing. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are currently listed on the Trading Market
under the trading symbol PLUR. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no action pending by the Company or, to
the Companys knowledge, the Trading Market to delist the Common Shares from the Trading Market, nor has the Company received any
notification that the Trading Market is currently contemplating terminating such listing, except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports.
The Company has no intention to delist the Common Shares from the Trading Market or to deregister the Common Shares under the Exchange
Act. The Company has filed, to the extent required, (i) with the Nasdaq a Supplemental Listing Application for the listing of the Common
Shares and the Warrant shares as contemplated in this Agreement, and (ii) with the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange an application for the listing
of the Common Shares and the Warrant Shares as contemplated in this Agreement. The issuance and sale of the Securities under this Agreement
does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(pp) Margin Rules.
The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds from the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities
as contemplated by this Agreement and as described in the SEC Reports will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing
or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or
carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Common Shares to be considered a purpose credit
within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

(qq) Board of Directors.
The qualifications of the persons serving as board members of the Company and the overall composition of the Companys Board of
Directors comply with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the listing rules of the Exchange
applicable to the Company. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at
least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors of the Company qualify as independent, as defined under
the listing rules of the Exchange.

(rr) No Integration.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offer and sale of the Securities
hereunder to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration
of the Securities or any such other securities under the Securities Act.

19

(ss) No Material Defaults.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on
one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company has not filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual
Report on Form 10-K, indicating that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred shares or (ii) has
defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually
or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(tt) Books and Records.
The minute books of the Company and each of its subsidiaries (i) contain a substantially complete summary of all meetings and material
actions of the board of directors (including each board committee) and shareholders of the Company (or analogous governing bodies and
interest holders, as applicable) and each of its subsidiaries since the time of its respective incorporation or organization through the
date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately reflects in all material respects all transactions referred to in such minutes.

(uu) Regulations.
The disclosures in the SEC Reports concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys business
in the past and as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed
in the SEC Reports which are not so disclosed.

(vv) Regulatory Matters;
Compliance. The material terms of all preclinical and other nonclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the
Company that are material to the Company have been adequately described in the SEC Reports, in all material respects. The clinical trials
and nonclinical studies conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are described in the SEC Reports or the results of such trials and
studies which are referred to in the SEC Reports were and, if still ongoing, are being conducted in material compliance with all laws
and regulations applicable thereto in the jurisdictions in which they are being conducted. The descriptions in the SEC Reports of the
results of such trials and studies are accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly present the data derived from such trials
and studies, and the Company has no knowledge of any clinical trials the aggregate results of which are inconsistent with or otherwise
call into question the results of any clinical trial conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are described in the SEC Reports or
the results of which are referred to in the SEC Reports. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not received any written
notices or other communications from the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) or any other governmental agency
or authority imposing, requiring, requesting or suggesting a clinical hold, termination, suspension or material modification of any clinical
trial that is described in the SEC Reports or the results of which are referred to in the SEC Reports. Except as disclosed in the SEC
Reports, the Company has not received any written notices or other communications from the FDA, the EMA or any other governmental agency,
and otherwise has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that, (i) any investigational new drug application for a potential product of
the Company is or has been rejected or determined to be non-approvable or conditionally approvable; and (ii) any license, approval, permit
or authorization to conduct any clinical trial of any potential product of the Company has been, will be or may be suspended, revoked,
modified or limited.

20

(ww) Information Technology.
The Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications,
and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required
in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted, except where such failure to operate and perform
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and to the knowledge of the Company are free and clear of all
material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company has implemented and maintained commercially
reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity,
continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data (including all personal, personally identifiable, sensitive,
confidential or regulated data (Personal Data)) used in connection with their businesses, and except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized
uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other
person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company is presently in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable laws or statutes and all applicable judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification,
except for any such noncompliance that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. The disclosures in the SEC Reports concerning the
effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys business in the past and as currently contemplated
are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the SEC Reports which are not so disclosed.
The Company has taken all reasonably necessary actions to comply materially with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation
and all other applicable laws and regulations with respect to Personal Data that have been announced as of the date hereof as becoming
effective within 12 months after the date hereof, and for which any non-compliance with same would be reasonably likely to create a material
liability.

(xx) Confidentiality
and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company is subject
to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer that
could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the Company or be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(yy) All Necessary Permits,
etc. The Company and each of its subsidiaries holds, and is in compliance with, all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,
permits, easements, consents, certificates and orders (Permits) of any governmental or self-regulatory agency, authority
or body required for the conduct of its business, and all such Permits are in full force and effect.

21

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to
the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. The Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry
out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by the Purchaser
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has
been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid
and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The
Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Experience
of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(d) Access
to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment

22

(e) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales,
including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Purchaser first received
a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions
contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof.

(f) Non-Interference
with Companys Business. The Purchaser has reviewed the SEC Reports, is familiar with the Companys business, has no intention
to act to change the Companys business and will not be acting to change the Companys business without the consent of the
Companys board of directors.

(g) Purchaser
Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be a non-US person as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) as
promulgated under the Securities Act and/or an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7)
or (a)(8) under the Securities Act.

(h) General
Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute
a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Legends.

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with U.S. state and U.S. federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of
Securities other than pursuant to an effective Registration Statement (as contemplated by Section 4.10 or otherwise) or Rule 144, to the
Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the
transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require
registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing
to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

23

(b) The
Purchaser agrees to the imprinting, so long as required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on the Securities substantially in the following
form (in addition to any legend required by applicable state securities or blue sky laws):

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR
THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION OF SUCH SECURITIES
[AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED.

Each certificate
representing the Securities, if such securities are being offered to the Purchaser in reliance upon Regulation S, shall be stamped or
otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in addition to any legend required by applicable state securities
or blue sky laws):

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR
THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] NOR
ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF
REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND BASED ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S HAVE BEEN SATISFIED, (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES [OR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
INVOLVING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

24

4.2 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company (a) shall, by the Disclosure Time issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. Purchaser shall be afforded the right to review and comment on the draft
press release and Form 8-K sufficiently in advance of the Disclosure Time, and, subject to applicable law, the Company shall favorably
consider including all comments provided by Purchaser. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the
Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to the Purchaser by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that
any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and the Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor the Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise
make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of the Purchaser, or without
the prior consent of the Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld
or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with
prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name
of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without
the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction
Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the
Company shall provide the Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.3 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. The Purchaser covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any
understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period
commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first
publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.2. The Purchaser covenants that until such time
as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.2, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of such transactions. 

4.4 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D, if required by applicable law, with respect to the Securities as
may be required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of the Purchaser. The Company shall take such
action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Shares for sale to
the Purchaser at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, if necessary,
and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of the Purchaser.

25

4.5 [Reserved].

4.6 Transfer
Taxes. On the Closing Date, all stock transfer, stamp or other taxes (other than income taxes) that are required to be paid in
connection with the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities to the Purchaser hereunder will be fully paid or provided for by the
Company and all laws imposing such taxes will have been fully complied with and the Purchasers and their respective Affiliates shall have
no obligation therefor.

4.7 Reservation
of Common Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of Common Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Warrant
Shares that are issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

4.8 [Reserved].

4.9 Adjustments
in Share Numbers and Prices. In the event of any share split, subdivision, dividend or distribution payable in Common Shares (or other
securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly Common Shares), combination or
other similar recapitalization or event occurring after the date hereof and prior to the Closing, each reference this Agreement to a number
of shares or a price per share shall be deemed to be amended to appropriately account for such event.

26

4.10 Registration
Procedures and Expenses.

(a) Filing.
The Company shall file within 120 days after the Closing Date, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be declared effective
as soon as practicable thereafter, a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the Form S-3 Shelf) or, if the Company is
ineligible to use a Registration Statement on Form S-3, a Shelf Registration on Form S-1 (together with the Form S-3 Shelf, the Shelf),
in each case, covering the resale of the Registrable Securities (determined as of two Business Days prior to such filing) on a delayed
or continuous basis. Such Shelf shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or
combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any holder of Registrable Securities (a Holder) named
therein. The Company shall maintain a Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments,
including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep a Shelf continuously effective, available for use and
in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
(i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to
Rule 144 and the Company remains in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel
to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders
(the Effectiveness Period).

(b) Subsequent
Shelf Registration. If any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time during the Effectiveness
Period, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable cause such Shelf to again
become effective under the Securities Act (including obtaining the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such
Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably
expected to result in the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration statement
as a Shelf Registration (a Subsequent Shelf Registration) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities (determined
as of two Business Days prior to such filing), and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested
by, any Holder named therein. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
(i) cause such Subsequent Shelf Registration to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after
the filing thereof (it being agreed that the Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined
in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) if the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under
the Securities Act) at the most recent applicable eligibility determination date) and (ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration continuously
effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act during the Effectiveness Period. Upon notification
by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is not subject to further review by the Commission, the Company
shall within three Business Days following the date of such notification request acceleration of such Registration Statement (with the
requested effectiveness date to be not more than two Business Days later).

27

(c) The
Company shall furnish to the Purchaser with respect to the Shares and Warrant Shares registered under any Registration Statement (and
to each underwriter, if any, of such Shares and Warrant Shares) such number of copies of prospectuses and such other documents as the
Purchaser may reasonably request, in order to facilitate the public sale or other disposition of all or any of the Shares or Warrant Shares
by the Purchaser.

(d) The
Company shall bear all expenses in connection with the procedures in this Section 4.10 and the registration of the Shares and Warrant
Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement, other than underwriting discounts, brokerage fees and commissions incurred by the Purchaser,
if any in connection with the offering of the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement.

(e) In
order to enable the Purchaser to sell the Shares and Warrant Shares under Rule 144, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to comply with the requirements of Rule 144, including use its reasonable best efforts to comply with the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1)
with respect to public information about the Company and to timely file all reports required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange
Act.

(f) The
Company shall provide the Purchaser an opportunity to review all disclosures regarding the Purchaser and any plan of distribution proposed
by them in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in
no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Purchaser or Affiliate of a Purchaser as an underwriter without the
prior written consent of such Purchaser; provided, that if the Commission requires that a Purchaser be identified as a statutory underwriter
in either the Shelf or the Subsequent Shelf Registration, such Purchaser will have the option, in its sole and absolute discretion, to
either (i) have the opportunity to withdraw from the Shelf or the Subsequent Shelf Registration, as the case may be, upon its prompt written
request to the Company or (ii) be included as such in the Shelf or the Subsequent Shelf Registration, as the case may be.

(g) The
Company acknowledges and agrees that its strict compliance with Section 4.10 and the timelines set forth herein is a material inducement
to the Purchasers agreement to purchase the Securities, and acknowledges and agrees that any breach by the Company of this Section
4,10, including non-compliance with the timelines set forth herein, shall cause material damage to the Purchaser.

28

(h) Indemnification.
Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.10(h), the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of
such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims,
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys
fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any
of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents,
(b) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus
or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto filed or furnished pursuant to the Companys obligations pursuant to this Section
4.10(h), or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Company
by such Holder expressly for use therein, or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated
thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction of the Company in connection therewith, or (c) any action instituted
against the Purchaser Party in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by Person who is not an Affiliate of such
Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless in the case of this subsection
(c), such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under
the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such shareholder or any violations
by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined
to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of
which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company
shall have the right to assume at its own expense the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to such Purchaser
Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment
thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a conflict on any issue between
the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable
fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement
for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys
breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8(h) shall be limited to the Subscription Amount and shall be made
by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against
the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

(i) The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer
of securities.

29

(j) If
the indemnification provided under this Section 4.10 from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party,
in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of
such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault
of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the
indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including
any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates
to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability
of any Holder under this Section 4.10 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received in the offering giving rise to such
liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include,
subject to the limitations set forth in Sections 4.10 above, any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred
by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if
contribution pursuant to this Section 4.10(j) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does
not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 4.10(j). No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this Section 4.10 from any person
who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

4.11. [Reserved].

4.12 Purchaser Voting.
The Purchaser covenants and agrees that for a period of one (1) year from the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall vote any and all of its
shares in favor of any proposal in the Companys ordinary course of business presented to the Companys shareholders that
is recommended by the Companys Board of Directors.

30

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by the Company or the Purchaser by written notice to the other party, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before Feb 20th, 2025 Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation,
any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser),
fees and expenses in connection with the TASE and Nasdaq listing, fees and expenses in connection with the Registration process set forth
in Section 4.10, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To
the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on
Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchaser. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon the Purchaser
and holder of Securities and the Company.

31

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (other
than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an action
or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be
reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

32

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties of the Purchaser and the agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the
delivery of the Shares for a period of two (2) years from the Closing. The agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive for
the applicable statute of limitations.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original
thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken
by the Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchaser as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchaser is in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect
and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents.
The Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents.

5.14 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.15 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and Common Shares in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits, share
dividends, share combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Shares that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.16 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

pluri INC. Address for Notice:

MATAM Advanced Technology

Park Building No. 5

Haifa, Israel 3508409

By: /s/ Yaky Yanay E-mail: yaky@pluri-biotech.com

Name: Yaky Yanay 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By: /s/ Liat
Zalts E-mail: liat.zalts@pluri-biotech.com

Name: Liat Zalts 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO Plur
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

U.S. Domestic Purchaser (please check): 

Non-U.S. Purchaser (please check): 

Name of Purchaser: Merchant Adventure Fund, LP

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Matthew Zuck

Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

Matthew Zuck 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

Managing Member of GP of Fund 

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: 

1620 Cowper st., Palo Alto, CA 94301 

Subscription Amount: $3,500,000

Shares: 759,219

Common Warrant: 45,553

EIN Number (for U.S. Domestic Purchaser): 

Exhibit A

Form
of Warrant

Exhibit B-1

Accredited
Investor Questionnaire (U.S. investor only)

The undersigned understands
that the representations contained below are made for the purpose of qualifying him or her as an accredited investor as
that term is defined in Regulation D of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Act), and for the purpose of inducing a sale of the securities to him or her. The undersigned hereby represents that the
statement or statements initialed below are true and correct in all respects. The undersigned understands that a false representation
may constitute a violation of law, and that any person who suffers damage as a result of a false representation may have a claim against
the undersigned for damages.

(a) Accredited individual investors must initial at least one of the following
statements:

____(1) I certify that I am an accredited investor because I had individual income in excess of $200,000 in each
of the two most recent years or joint income with my spouse or spousal equivalent in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and have
a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year;

____(2) I certify that I am an accredited investor because I have an my individual net worth, or joint net worth
with my spouse and I have an individual net worth or spousal equivalent, in excess of exceeds $1,000,000. For purposes of calculating
net worth under this paragraph my primary residence is not included as an asset; indebtedness that is secured by my primary residence,
up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, is not be included as a liability
(except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before
such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess is included as a liability);
and indebtedness that is secured by my primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the
time of the sale of securities is included as a liability.

____(3) I certify that I am an accredited investor because I am a director or executive officer of Pluri Inc.

____(4) I hold one of the following licenses in good standing: General Securities Representative license (Series
7), the Private Securities Offerings Representative
license (Series 82), or the Investment Adviser Representative license (Series 65).

(b) Accredited partnerships, corporations or other entities must
initial one or more of the following statements:

____(1) The undersigned hereby certifies that all of the beneficial equity
owners of the undersigned qualify as accredited individual investors under items (a)(1) to (a)(4) above or (b)(2) to (b)(11) below;

____(2) The undersigned is a bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Act,
or any savings and loan association or other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Act whether acting in its individual
or fiduciary capacity;

____(3) The undersigned is a broker or dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended;

____(4) The undersigned is an investment adviser registered pursuant to section
203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or registered pursuant to the laws of a state;

____(5) The undersigned is an investment adviser relying on the exemption from registering with the Securities
and Exchange Commission under section 203(l) or (m) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended;

____(6) The undersigned is an insurance company as defined in section 2(a)(13) of the Act;

____(7) The undersigned is an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
or a business development company as defined in section 2(a)(48) of that Act;

____(8) The undersigned is a Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration
under section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended;

____(9) The undersigned is a Rural Business Investment Company as defined in section 384A of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act;

____(10) The undersigned is a plan established and maintained by a state,
its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees,
if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

____(11) The undersigned is an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974 and either (check one or more, as applicable):

____(a) the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined
therein, in Section 3(21), which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment adviser;
or

____(b) the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;
or

____(c) the plan is a self-directed plan with investment decisions made solely
by persons who are accredited investors as defined therein.

____(12) The undersigned is a private business development company as defined
in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.

____(13) The undersigned has total assets in excess of $5,000,000, was not formed
for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered and is one or more of the following (check one or more, as appropriate):

____(a) an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

____(b) a corporation, partnership or limited liability company;

____(c) a Massachusetts or similar business trust,
or

____(d) a limited liability company.

____(14) The undersigned is a trust with total assets exceeding $5,000,000,
which was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered and whose purchase is directed by a person who has such
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he or she is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment
in the securities offered.

X (15) The undersigned is an entity, of a type not listed in paragraphs (b)(1)
to (b)(14), not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, owning investments in excess of $5,000,000.

____(16) The undersigned is a family office, as defined in rule
202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (17 CFR 275.202(a)(11)(G)-1): (i) with assets under management in excess of
$5,000,000, (ii) that is not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and (iii) whose prospective investment
is directed by a person who has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such family office is capable of
evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment.

____(17) The undersigned is a family client, as defined
in rule 202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (17 CFR 275.202(a)(11)(G)-1)), of a family office meeting the requirements
in paragraph (b)(15) above and whose prospective investment in the issuer is directed by such family

[Signature page follows]

Date: 

January 30, 2025 

SIGNATURE FOR INDIVIDUAL: SIGNATURE FOR PARTNERSHIP, CORPORATION, TRUST OR
OTHER ENTITY:

Matthew Zuck as GP of Merchant
Adventure Fund, LP

(Signature) (Print Name)

/s/ Matthew Zuck

(Print Name) (Signature of Authorized Signatory)

Matthew Zuck

(Signature of any joint tenant or co-holder
of any security issued by Pluri Inc.) (Name of Authorized Signatory)

Managing Member of GP of the
Merchant Adventure Fund LP

(Print Name) (Title)

Exhibit B-2

Regulation
S Questionnaire (Non-U.S. investor only)

The information contained
herein is being furnished to the Company in order for the Pluri Inc. (the Company) to determine whether the undersigneds
subscription for Securities may be accepted pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act). The undersigned understands that (i) the Company will rely upon the following information for purposes
of complying with Federal and applicable state securities laws, (ii) the Securities will not be registered under the Securities Act in
reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Securities Act, and (iii) this representation
letter is not an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities, or any other securities, to the undersigned.

1. At the time of (a) the offer by the Company and (b) the acceptance of the offer by such person or entity, of the Securities, such person or entity was outside the United States.

2. Such person or entity is acquiring the Securities for such Purchasers own account, for investment and not for distribution or resale to others and is not purchasing the Securities for the account or benefit of any U.S. person, or with a view towards distribution to any U.S. person, in violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

3. Such person or entity will make all subsequent offers and sales of the Securities either (x) outside of the United States in compliance with Regulation S; (y) pursuant to a registration under the Securities Act; or (z) pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Specifically, such person or entity will not resell the Securities to any U.S. person or within the United States prior to the expiration of a period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is one year thereafter (the Distribution Compliance Period), except pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

4. Such person or entity has no present plan or intention to sell the Securities in the United States or to a U.S. person at any predetermined time, has made no predetermined arrangements to sell the Securities and is not acting as a distributor of such securities.

5. Neither such person or entity, its affiliates nor any person acting on behalf of such person or entity, has entered into, has the intention of entering into, or will enter into any put option, short position or other similar instrument or position in the U.S. with respect to the Securities at any time after the Closing Date through the Distribution Compliance Period except in compliance with the Securities Act.

6. Such person or entity consents to the placement of a restrictive legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the Securities, relating to the fact that the Securities are not registered under the Securities Act.

7. Such person or entity is not acquiring the Securities in a transaction (or an element of a series of transactions) that is part of any plan or scheme to evade the registration provisions of the Securities Act.

8. Such person or entity has sufficient knowledge and experience in finance, securities, investments and other business matters to be able to protect such persons or entitys interests in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

9. Such person or entity has consulted, to the extent that it has deemed necessary, with its tax, legal, accounting and financial advisors concerning its investment in the Securities.

10. Such person or entity understands the various risks of an investment in the Securities and can afford to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time, including, without limitation, the risk of losing its entire investment in the Securities.

11. Such person or entity has had access to the Companys publicly filed reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission and has been furnished with all other public information regarding the Company that such person or entity has requested and all such public information is sufficient for such person or entity to evaluate the risks of investing in the Securities.

12. Such person or entity has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers concerning the Company and the terms and conditions of the issuance of the Securities.

13. Such person or entity is not relying on any representations and warranties concerning the Company made by the Company or any officer, employee or agent of the Company, other than those contained in this Agreement.

14. Such person or entity will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities unless either (A) the transfer of such securities is registered under the Securities Act or (B) an exemption from registration of such securities is available.

15. Such person or entity understands and acknowledges that the Securities have not been recommended by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority, that the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of any information concerning the Company that has been supplied to such person or entity and that any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

[signature page follows]

Date: 

January 30, 2025 

SIGNATURE FOR INDIVIDUAL: SIGNATURE FOR PARTNERSHIP, CORPORATION, TRUST OR
OTHER ENTITY:

(Signature) (Print Name)

(Print Name) (Signature of Authorized Signatory)

(Signature of any joint tenant or co-holder
of any security issued by Pluri Inc.) (Name of Authorized Signatory)

(Print Name) (Title)

Schedule 3.1(o)

Company Capitalization
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>plur-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>plur-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>plur-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-31392

Entity Registrant Name PLURI INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001158780

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0351734

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One MATAM Advanced Technology Park

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building No. 5

Entity Address, City or Town Haifa

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 3508409

City Area Code 011

Local Phone Number 972 74 710 7171

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol PLUR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pluri-biotech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0229937-8k_pluri.htm 
plur-20250203.xsd 
plur-20250203_lab.xml 
plur-20250203_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-010723-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0229937-8k_pluri_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001158780 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001158780 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
PLURI INC. 
NV 
001-31392 
98-0351734 
MATAM Advanced Technology Park 
Building No. 5 
Haifa 
IL 
3508409 
011 
972 74 710 7171 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, par value $0.00001 per share 
PLUR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>