<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003381.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003381.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123160253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003381
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digital Brands Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				461942864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40400
		FILM NUMBER:		25550084

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720)937-9286

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 S. BOYLE AVE
		CITY:			VERNON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90058

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Denim LA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160225
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000166801000016680102025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 16, 2025

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40400 46-1942864

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
Number)

1400
Lavaca Street, Austin, TX78701

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(209)651-0172

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under
any of the following provisions.

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 16, 2025, Digital Brands Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a securities purchase
agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC (the 1800 Diagonal), pursuant to which
the 1800 Diagonal made a loan to the Company, evidenced by a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $121,900.00, including
an original issue discount of $15,900.00 (the Note). The purchase price of the Note is $106,000.00 (the Purchase
Price). The Purchase Agreement contains certain customary representations, warranties, and covenants made by the Company. Under
the Note, the Company is required to make nine (9) payments of $15,169.77, which includes a one-time interest charge of twelve percent
(12%) ($14,628.00). The first payment is due on February 16, 2025, with eight subsequent payments due each month thereafter. The Note
matures on October 16, 2025, and contains customary events of default.

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default under the Note, (i) the Note will become immediately due and payable in an amount equal to 150%
times the outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Note plus default interest at the rate of twenty-two percent (22%) per
annum (the Default Amount), and (ii) 1800 Diagonal will have the right to convert the balance owed under the Note, including
the Default Amount, into shares of common stock of the Company (Common Stock) at a conversion price equal to 61% of the
lowest closing bid price during the ten trading days prior to the conversion date. The Note provides that 1800 Diagonal and its affiliates
may not own greater than 4.99% of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock at any time, and that the total aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Note shall not exceed 19.99% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding
as of January 16, 2025.

The
Company received the Purchase Price minus applicable fees on January 21, 2025, and intends to use the proceeds from the Note for general
working capital purposes.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Note and Purchase Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety
by, the full text of each document, attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

On
or around January 21, 2025, the Company entered into a vendor agreement (the Vendor Agreement) with MavDB Consulting
LLC (the Vendor). The engagement of the Vendor is for a five (5) year period and the vendor services to be provided include,
but are not limited to, product content production, social media marketing, engagement of influencers and student athletes for product
awareness, and event and staffing costs (the Services). In consideration for the Services, the Company will pay the Vendor
a vendor fee equal to $3,000,000 (the Cash Fee) within thirty calendar days after the date of the Agreement (the Payment
Period), provided, however, that Vendor may elect to receive the Vendor Shares (as defined below) and/or Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants
(as defined below) as described below in lieu of the Cash Fee by providing written notice to the Company of such election during the
Payment Period (the Written Notice). The Vendor Shares shall mean a number of Common Stock equal to the Cash
Fee divided by $1.45, provided, however, if the issuance of any of the Vendor Shares would cause the Vendor to exceed 4.99% of
the of the outstanding Common Stock, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder, then the Company shall instead issue to Vendor pre-funded warrants (the Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants) for the
purchase of the amount of Vendor Shares in excess of the beneficial ownership limitation, provided, further, that if the Vendor specifies
in the Written Notice that the Vendor elects to receive Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of the entire amount of the Vendor Shares,
then the Company shall instead issue to Vendor the Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase the entire amount of the Vendor Shares. The
Vendor delivered the Written Notice to the Company during the Payment Period and the Company issued the Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants for
the purchase of 2,068,965 shares of Common Stock to Vendor on January 21, 2025.

The
Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants have an initial exercise price per share of Common Stock equal to $0.01. The Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants are
immediately exercisable and will expire five (5) years after the issuance date of the Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants. The exercise price
and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of share dividends, share
splits, reorganizations or similar events. The Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants will be exercisable, at the option of the Vendor, in whole
or in part, by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice accompanied by payment in full for the number of shares of Common Stock
purchased upon such exercise (except in the case of a cashless exercise). The Vendor (together with its affiliates) may not exercise
any portion of the Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants to the extent that the Vendor would own more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock immediately after exercise, except that upon at least 61 days prior notice from the Vendor to us, the Vendor may increase
the amount of beneficial ownership of outstanding shares after exercising the Vendors Pre-Funded Warrants up to 9.99% of the number
of our shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined
in accordance with the terms of the Vendor Pre-Funded Warrants. In lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made
to us upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate exercise price, the Vendor may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either
in whole or in part) the number of shares of Common Stock determined according to a cashless formula set forth in the Vendor Pre-Funded
Warrants.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Vendor Agreement and Pre-Funded Warrant do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified
in their entirety by, the full text of each document, attached hereto as Exhibits 10.3 and 4.1, respectively, and incorporated herein
by reference.

On
January 22, 2025, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of $260,000.00 (the Second Note) to Joshua
Bartch (Investor), pursuant to which the Investor made a loan to the Company. The Second Note carries an original issue
discount of $60,000.00, and accordingly the purchase price of the Second Note is $200,000.00. The Second Note matures on April 22, 2025,
and contains customary events of default. Upon the occurrence of any event of default under the Second Note, the Second Note will become
immediately due and payable in an amount equal to the outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Second Note plus default interest
at the rate of sixteen percent (16%) per annum.

The
foregoing description of the Second Note does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in the entirety by, the full
text of the document, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

To
the extent required by Item 3.02 of Form 8-K, the information contained in Item 1.01of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated
herein by reference. The Company claims an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for the private placement of the securities pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder because, among other things, the transaction did not involve
a public offering, each recipient is an accredited investor, each recipient acquired the securities for investment and not resale, and
the Company took appropriate measures to restrict the transfer of the securities.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Pre-Funded Warrant issued by the Company to MavDB, dated as of January 21, 2025

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and 1800 Diagonal, dated as of January 16, 2025

10.2 Promissory Note issued by the Company to 1800 Diagonal, dated January 16, 2025

10.3 Vendor
Agreement between the Company and MavDB, dated as of January 21, 2025

10.4 Promissory Note issued by the Company to Bartch, dated
January 22, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC.

Dated:
January 23, 2025 By: /s/
John Hilburn Davis IV

Name: John Hilburn Davis IV

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

FORM
OF PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP INC.

Warrant
Shares: 2,068,965 Initial
Exercise Date: January 21, 2025

THIS
PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, MavDB Consulting LLC,
a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and through the date that is five (5) years after the Initial Exercise
Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Digital Brands Group Inc., a
corporation incorporated under the laws of Delaware (the Company), up to 2,068,965 Common Shares, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the
Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares
are then listed on a Trading Market that is a national exchange, the bid price of the Common Shares for the time in question (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are then quoted on
a Trading Market that is the OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are then quoted on a Trading Market that is the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Shares as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Trading
Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Shares are listed or traded, including
but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global
Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed
on a Trading Market that is a national exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a
Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are then quoted on a Trading
Market that is the OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are then quoted on a Trading Market that is the Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall
be paid by the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by
delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form
annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by
wire transfer in United States dollars unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and
the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within
three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant
resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall lower the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver to the Holder
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.01 per Warrant Share,
was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the
nominal exercise price of $0.01 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of
this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price
under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination
Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $0.01, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof, there is no effective registration statement registering the Warrant Shares
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised,
in whole or in part by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the
Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid
Price of the Common Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution
of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading
Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours
on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date
of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company
shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of
the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian
system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration
statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised
via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name
of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by
the Company one (1) Trading Day prior to such second Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received within one (1) Trading Day prior to such second Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

v. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company
may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto and
a legal opinion from the Holders counsel that is reasonably acceptable to the Company for such transfer.

vi. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of Common Shares that are beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of Common Shares that are issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other common stock equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. For purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination, and a submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Holder of the foregoing
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of
the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of the
Common Shares outstanding as of the respective date of calculation. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of the Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e); provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of the Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common
Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company,
then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

c)
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at
the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof.

Section
5. General Provisions.

a)
No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). Without limiting
any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c), in no event shall the
Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of an affidavit of loss
reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the
Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case
of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)
Weekends and Holidays. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d)
Governing Law; Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the courts of the State of New York
and of the United States of America, in each case sitting in the City and County of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is
an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce
any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their
reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 4700 S Boyle Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90058 Attention: Hil Davis, Chief Executive Officer,
email address: hil@dstld.la or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally,
by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of
such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address
set forth in this Section on or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is
not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously furnish such notice to the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

j)
Amendment; Waiver. This Warrant may be modified or amended (or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand.

k)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

l)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP INC.

By: /s/ John Hilburn Davis IV 

Name: John Hilburn Davis IV 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

wire transfer in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Entity: __________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Entity: ________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

THE
ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A)
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH
COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT.

IMPORTANT
NOTICE

THIS
INSTRUMENT CONTAINS A CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT PROVISION WHICH CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF IMPORTANT RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE AS A DEBTOR AND ALLOWS
THE CREDITOR TO OBTAIN A JUDGMENT AGAINST YOU WITHOUT ANY FURTHER NOTICE.

THE
ISSUE PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS $121,900.00

THE
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IS $15,900.00

Principal
Amount: $121,900.00 Issue Date:
January 16, 2025

Purchase Price: $106,000.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower), hereby
promises to pay to the order of 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder)
the sum of $121,900.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on October 16, 2025 (the Maturity Date), and to
pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof from the date hereof (the Issue Date) as set forth herein. This Note
may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note
which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per annum from the due date thereof until the
same is paid (Default Interest). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, $0.0001 par
value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States
of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance
with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase
Agreement).

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The
following terms shall apply to this Note:

ARTICLE
I. GENERAL TERMS

1.1
Interest. A one-time interest charge of twelve percent (12%) (the Interest Rate) shall be applied on the Issue Date
to the Principal ($121,900.00 * twelve percent (12%) = $14,628.00). Interest hereunder shall be paid as set forth herein to the Holder
or its assignee in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Borrower regarding registration and transfers of Notes in
cash or, in the Event of Default, at the option of the Holder, converted into share of Common Stock as set forth herein.

1.2
Mandatory Monthly Payments. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in nine (9)
payments; each in the amount of $15,169.77, except the last payment which shall be $15,169.84 (a total payback to the Holder of $136,528.00)
(each a Mandatory Monthly Payment). The first payment shall be due February 16, 2025 with eight (8) subsequent payments
due on the 16th of each month thereafter. The Company shall have a five (5) day grace period with respect to each Mandatory
Monthly Payment (each a Grace Period). The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any time with
no prepayment penalty. All payments shall be made by bank wire transfer to the Holders wire instructions, attached hereto as Exhibit
A. In the event that such Mandatory Monthly Payment due date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, legal holiday, or a day on which banking institutions
are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York, then the respective Mandatory Monthly Payment due date shall instead
then be the next immediate day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are open. The Borrower has the right to accelerate
payments or prepay the total outstanding principal and accrued interest of the Note in full at any time with no prepayment penalty.

ARTICLE
II. COVENANTS

2.1
Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition, subject to any requirements
of all other parties that hold a security interest in such assets of the Borrower.

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If
any of the following events of default (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

3.1
Failure to Pay Principal and Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note,
whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise (including but not limited to a failure to pay a Mandatory Monthly Payment) and such
breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from the Holder.

3.2
Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing
that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with
the terms of this Note (following an Event of Default other than this Section 3.2), fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to
transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion
of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays,
impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for
shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this
Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing)
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common
Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written
announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure
shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing)
for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain
current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed,
hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances
any funds to the Borrowers transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower
to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder.

2

3.3
Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and
any collateral documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days
after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

3.4
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement
or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall
be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material
adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.5
Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

3.6
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower.

3.7
Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which
specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq
National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American Stock Exchange.

3.8
Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to materially comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act (after any available cure period under Rule 12b-25(b)) and such failure continues for a period of five (5) business days and/or the
Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

3.9
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.10
Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of material operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable
to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.11 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days
after the Issue Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison
to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note
or the Purchase Agreement.

3

3.12
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved
Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150% times the sum of (w)
the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred
to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Article IV hereof (the then outstanding principal
amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known
as the Default Amount) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand,
presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

ARTICLE
IV. CONVERSION RIGHTS

4.1
Conversion Right. At any time following an Event of Default, the Holder shall have the right, to convert all or any part of the
outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on
the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed
or reclassified at the conversion price determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided, however,
that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion
of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of
Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised
or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations
contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect
to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more
than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership limitations
on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon
each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price
then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B(the Notice of Conversion),
delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 4.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by
facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New
York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date); however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm,
New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount means, with respect
to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at
the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note
to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 4.4
hereof. In addition to the limitations set forth herein, the Borrower shall not issue a number of shares of Common Stock under this Note
which when aggregated with all other securities that are required to be aggregated for purposes of Rule 5635(d) of the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (Rule 5635(d)), would exceed 19.99% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date hereof, which is equal
to 167,632 shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Limitation, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases
the Common Stock). For purposes of this section, Shareholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable
rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to the
issuance of the Common Stock under this Note that, when taken together with any other securities that are required to be aggregated with
the issuance of the shares issued under this Note for purposes of Rule 5635(d), would exceed the Conversion Limitation. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Conversion Limitation shall apply even if the Common Stock is quoted on any of the OTC Markets and not listed on Nasdaq
or other equivalent exchange.

4

The
Holder shall be entitled to deduct $1,500.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holders deposit
fees associated with each Notice of Conversion, so long as the total conversion amount in the respective Notice of Conversion is at least
$7,500. Any additional expenses incurred by Holder with respect to the Borrowers transfer agent, for the issuance of the Common
Stock into which this Note is convertible into, shall immediately and automatically be added to the balance of the Note at such time
as the expenses are incurred by Holder.

4.2
Conversion Price. The conversion price (the Conversion Price) shall mean 61% multiplied by the lowest Trading Price
for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Days prior to the Conversion Date (representing a discount rate of 39%) (subject to
equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrowers securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower,
combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). Trading Price means,
for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading
market (the OTC) as reported by a reliable reporting service (Reporting Service) designated by the Holder
(i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security
is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed
in the pink sheets. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above,
the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of
the Notes being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such
Notes. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

4.3
Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period that the Note is outstanding, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common
Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have
authorized and reserved four times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion
Price of the Note in effect from time to time) (the Reserved Amount). From time to time, the Reserved Amount shall be adjusted
in accordance with the Borrowers obligations hereunder (i.e., increased if the applicable conversion price decreases; and; decreased
when payments are made to reduce the balance owed). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure
which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price,
the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock
authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has
irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii)
agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions
of this Note.

5

If,
at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered a breach of a material covenant under Section 3.2
of this Note.

4.4
Method of Conversion.

(a)
Mechanics of Conversion. As set forth in Section 4.1 hereof, at any time following an Event of Default, the balance due pursuant
to this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice
of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m.,
New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 4.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment
in full of any amounts owed hereunder).

(b)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(c)
Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or
other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
4.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely
in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and
the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record
of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with
respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other
securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided
herein and in accordance with the terms of this Note, the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common
Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or
consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any
failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment,
limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other
circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion.

6

(d)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer (FAST) program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower
shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder
by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC)
system.

(e)
Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies,
including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000
per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee);
provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and
not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common
Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the
option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall
be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note
and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees
that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference
with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages
provision contained in this Section 4.4(e) are justified.

4.5
Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless:
(i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) (Rule 144); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 4.5
and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

Any
restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the
Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have received an opinion of counsel from Holders counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable
transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Borrower so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under
the Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Borrower does not reasonably accept
the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such
as Rule 144), it will be considered a breach of a material covenant under Section 3.2 of this Note.

7

4.6
Effect of Certain Events.

(a)
Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more
than 50% of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower
with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b)
Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 4.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days
prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

(c)
Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend
or distribution to the Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would
have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder
of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

8

ARTICLE
V. MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Confession of Judgment. Upon an Event of Default of this Note at maturity, whether by acceleration or otherwise, Borrower
hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers Matthew A. Clary, III or Bernard S. Feldman either of whom may act as Borrowers attorney-in-fact
to appear in the Fairfax County Circuit Court clerks office and to confess judgment against Borrower for the unpaid amount of
this Note as evidenced by an affidavit signed by an officer of Lender setting forth the amount then due, attorneys fees plus costs
of suit, and to release all errors, and waive all rights of appeal. If a copy of this Note, verified by an affidavit, shall have been
filed in the proceeding, it will not be necessary to file the original as a warrant of attorney. Borrower waives the right to any stay
of execution and the benefit of all exemption laws now or hereafter in effect. No single exercise of the foregoing warrant and power
to confess judgment will be deemed to exhaust the power, whether or not any such exercise shall be held by any court to be invalid, voidable,
or void; but the power will continue undiminished and may be exercised from time to time as Lender may elect until all amounts owing
on this Note have been paid in full.

5.2
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

5.3
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, or electronic mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective
(a) upon hand delivery or delivery by electronic mail, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than
on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date
of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall
first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Borrower, to:

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

1400
Lavaca Street

Austin,
TX 78701

Attn:
John Hilburn Davis IV, President and Chief Executive Officer

Email:
hil@digitalbrandsgroup.co

If
to the Holder:

1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC

1800
Diagonal Road, Suite 623

Alexandria
VA 22314

Attn:
Curt Kramer, President

Email:
ckramer6@bloomberg.net

9

5.4
Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the
Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the
other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended
or supplemented.

5.5
Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit
of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in
Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged
as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without
the consent of the Borrower.

5.6
Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees.

5.7
Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction
and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or
based upon forum non conveniens. The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any action instituted hereunder.
In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under
any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision of this Note which may prove invalid or unenforceable
under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any
agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

5.8
Purchase Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

5.9
Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach
of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required.

5.10
Repayment from Proceeds of Public Offering. The Borrower shall, within five (5) business days after the closing date of its next
public offering of securities, repay all amounts outstanding under this Note.

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on January 16, 2025.

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

By: /s/
John Hilburn Davis IV 

John Hilburn Davis IV 

President and Chief Executive
Officer 

11

EXHIBIT
A WIRE INSTRUCTIONS

[to
be provided via email]

12

EXHIBIT
B NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below,
of DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower) according to the conditions of the convertible note
of the Borrower dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder
for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

[] The Borrower shall electronically
transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC
through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system (DWAC Transfer).

Name
of DTC Prime Broker:

Account
Number:

[] The undersigned hereby requests
that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based
on the Holders calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,
on an attachment hereto:

Date of conversion
: _____________ 

Applicable Conversion Price: $_____________ 

Number of shares of common
stock to be issued pursuant to conversion of the Notes: _____________ 

Amount
of Principal Balance due remaining under the Note after this conversion: _____________ 

1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 

By: 

Name: Curt Kramer 

Title: President 

Date: 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of January 16, 2025, by and between DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP,
INC., a Delaware corporation, with its address at 1400 Lavaca Street, Austin, TX 78701 (the Company), and 1800 DIAGONAL
LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, with its address at 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623, Alexandria VA 22314 (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A. The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act); and

B. Buyer
desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a bridge note
of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of $121,900.00 (including $15,900.00 of Original
Issue Discount) (the Note).

NOW
THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of the Securities.

a. Purchase
of the Securities. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to
purchase from the Company the Securities as is set forth immediately below the Buyers name on the signature pages hereto.

b. Form
of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note to be issued and sold
to it at the Closing (as defined below) as designated on the signature page of this Agreement (the Purchase Price) by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery
of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company against delivery of such Purchase Price.

c. Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be 12:00 noon, Eastern
Standard Time on or about January 16, 2025, or such other mutually agreed upon time (the Closing). The Closing shall occur
on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.

2. Buyers
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that:

a. Investment
Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise
pursuant to the Note (such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares and, collectively
with the Note, the Securities) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution
thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act.

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor).

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.

d. Information.
The Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information
is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer.

e. Legends.
The Buyer understands that the Securities have not been registered under the 1933 Act; and may bear a restrictive legend in substantially
the following form:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS
(1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2)
THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE BUYER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUERS TRANSFER AGENT, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the Buyer of any Security upon
which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under
an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such Buyer provides
the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to
the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be
accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel that properly conforms to applicable securities laws provided
by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of any Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, at the Deadline,
it will be a breach of a material covenant pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

2

f. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of
the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated
and conducted, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents (as defined in this Agreement) or such violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the equity ownership interests.

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note has been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors
and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, subject to the Conversion
Limitation (as defined in in the Note) (the Conversion Limitation), (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority
to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement
constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

c. Capitalization.
As of the date hereof, the authorized common stock of the Company consists of 1,000,000,000
authorized shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of which approximately 838,584 shares are issued and outstanding. All
of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3

d. Issuance
of Shares. The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance in accordance with its respective terms, subject to
the Conversion Limitation, and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances
with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company
and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

e. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or
an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected
(except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted,
and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
entity, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or such violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, or financial condition
of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments
to be entered into in connection herewith.

f. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules
thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein
as the SEC Documents). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents,
except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, as of their respective dates, or if amended, as of the dates
of the amendments, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of
their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). The Company
is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

4

g. Absence
of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2024, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there has been no material adverse change
in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, or results of operations of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. Since September 30, 2024, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there has been no material adverse change in the
1934 Act reporting status of the Company.

h. Absence
of Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before
or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that
could have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise
to any of the foregoing.

i. No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer.

j. No
Brokers. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction
fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

k. No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

l. Breach
of Representations and Warranties by the Company. If the Company breaches any of the material representations or material warranties
set forth in this Section 3 which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in the Note, if any, and in addition to
any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered a breach of a material representation or
material warranty pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

4. COVENANTS.

a. Best
Efforts. The Company shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 7
of this Agreement.

b. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes.

5

c. Expenses.
At the Closing, the Companys obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is to reimburse Buyer
expenses shall be $6,000.00 for Buyers legal fees and due diligence fee (the Expense Fee). The Expense Fee shall
be withheld from the Purchase Price.

d. Corporate
Existence. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence; and shall not sell
all or substantially all of the Companys assets in a transaction or a series of transactions which would render the Company as
a shell company as such term is defined in the 1933 Act.

e. Breach
of Covenants. If the Company breaches any of the material covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies
available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in the Note, it will
be considered an event of default under Section 3.3 of the Note.

f. Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

g. Trading
Activities. Neither the Buyer nor its affiliates has an open short position in the common stock of the Company and the Buyer agrees
that it shall not, and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales of or hedging transactions with respect to
the common stock of the Company.

h. The
Buyer is Not a Dealer. The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not, with respect
to the Companys securities as contemplated by this Agreement: (i) acted as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist;
(iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv) conducted any other professional market activities such as providing investment
advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection; and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is
defined in the 1934 Act with respect to the Companys securities as contemplated by this Agreement.

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the
name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the shares underlying any conversion of the Note upon default of the Note (the Conversion
Shares) in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with
the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions), subject to the Conversion Limitation. In the event that
the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully
executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited
to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount as such term is defined in the Note) signed by
the successor transfer agent to Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date
on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive
legend specified in Section 2(e) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise
be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it
will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically
or in certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to
the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not
to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer
instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant
to the Note as and when required by the Note and/or this Agreement. If the Buyer provides the Company and the Companys transfer
agent, at the cost of the Buyer, with an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions,
to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, the Company shall
permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates,
free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer, subject to the Conversion Limitation.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of
the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining
any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required.

6

6. Conditions
to the Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a. The
Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.

b. The
Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7. Conditions
to The Buyers Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyers
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a. The
Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note, in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Companys Transfer Agent.

7

d. The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a
certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect
and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the
Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.

e. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

f. No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

8. Governing
Law; Miscellaneous.

a. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction
and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or
based upon forum non conveniens. The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any action instituted hereunder.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement, the Note or any related document or agreement by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

8

b. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.

c. Headings.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this
Agreement.

d. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such
provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such
statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision hereof.

e. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with
respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the
Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be
waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and Buyer.

f.
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, email, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective
(a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be
as set forth in the heading of this Agreement with a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice) to Naidich Wurman LLP,
111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214, Great Neck, NY 11021, Attn: Allison Naidich, facsimile: 516-466-3555, e-mail: allison@nwlaw.com.
Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address.

9

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Neither
the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
other.

h. Survival.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related
to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or
any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

i. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

j. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

k. Remedies.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its
obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions
of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required.

[THE
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. 

By: /s/ John Hilburn
Davis IV 

John Hilburn Davis IV 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 

By: /s/ Curt Kramer 

Curt Kramer 

President 

Aggregate Principal Amount of Note: $ 121,900.00 

Original Issue Discount $ 15,900.00 

Aggregate Purchase Price: $ 106,000.00 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

VENDOR
AGREEMENT

This
vendor agreement (the Agreement) is made as of January 21 , 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between
MavDB Consulting LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (the Vendor)
and Digital Brands Group, Inc, a Delaware corporation (OTC: DBGI) (Client, and collectively with the Vendor, the Parties),
in order to set forth the terms and conditions upon which Vendor is engaged by Client.

In
consideration of the engagement of the Vendor by the Client, the above premises and agreements hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree
as follows:

1. Services.
Client hereby engages Vendor and Vendor accepts such engagement with Client to perform
certain services as more specifically set forth in Section 3 below (the Services)
upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein. Vendor shall, in providing
the Services, devote such time and attention to the Services as reasonably requested by the
Client to complete the Services. Vendor agrees that it and all of its employees and contractors,
if any, shall observe all rules and policies of the Client and perform the Services in a
professional, courteous and timely manner. Vendor shall not utilize subcontractors or otherwise
contract out the performance of the Services to any third party except with the Clients
prior written consent.

2. Vendor
Fee. In consideration for the Services provided by Vendor to the Client, the Client
shall pay the Vendor a vendor fee equal to $3,000,000 (the Cash Fee) within
thirty calendar days after the Effective Date (the Payment Period), provided,
however, that Vendor may elect to receive the Securities (as defined in this Agreement) in
lieu of the Cash Fee by providing written notice to the Client of such election during the
Payment Period (the Written Notice). The Shares shall mean a
number of shares of the Clients common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), equal to the Cash Fee divided by the Above Market Price (as defined in this
Agreement), provided, however, if the issuance of any of the Shares would cause the Vendor
to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in this Agreement), as determined
in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder,
then the Client shall instead issue to Vendor pre-funded warrants (in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B) (the Pre-Funded Warrants) for the purchase of the
amount of Shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, provided, further, that
if the Vendor specifies in the Written Notice that the Vendor elects to receive Pre-Funded
Warrants (as defined in this Agreement) in lieu of the entire amount of the Shares, then
the Client shall instead issue to Vendor the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase the entire amount
of the Shares. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding as of the date that the respective calculation
is being made. Above Market Price shall mean $1.45 per share. The Shares
and Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, to be issued pursuant to this Agreement, are referred to
in this Agreement as the Securities.

3. Scope
of Services. In consideration for the vendor fee to be paid by the Client to the
Vendor pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, the Vendor shall provide the Client the scope
of services set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto.

- 1 -

4. Status
as Independent Vendor.

(a) The
Vendor shall at all times act strictly and exclusively as an independent contractor and shall not be considered as having employee status
under any law, regulation or ordinance or as being entitled to participate in or benefit under any plan or program established at any
time by the Client for its employees. The Vendor shall have no managerial authority or responsibility of an officer or supervisor of
the Client. The Vendor shall not have any authority to bind the Client to any contract or to commit the Client in any manner whatsoever.
The Vendor shall not at any time hold itself out as a representative or agent of the Client.

(b) Vendor
will be treated as an independent contractor and not as an employee of the Client for federal, state and local income tax purposes. The
Client will not (i) withhold or pay any federal, state or local income or FICA (social security) taxes from Vendors fees; (ii)
pay any FICA or federal and state unemployment insurance on Vendors behalf or on behalf of any of its employees; (iii) provide
workers compensation insurance for Vendor or any of its employees; or (iv) cover Vendor or any of its employees under any retirement,
profit sharing or other employee benefit plan or program. Vendor shall pay all federal, state and local income and self-employment taxes
on Vendors income, as required by law, and shall file all applicable returns and forms in connection therewith.

5. Indemnification.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Vendor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Client and its officers,
directors, employees, representatives and members and any client or customer of the Client for whose benefit Vendor performs any
services (the Client Parties) from any claims, demands, losses, liability, damages or expenses, including reasonable
attorneys fees, arising in any way from (a) any activities of the Vendor outside the scope of this Agreement; (b) any breach
by the Vendor of any of the terms or conditions of or representations and warranties of Vendor in this Agreement; (c) any failure on
the part of Vendor or any of Vendors employees to pay any taxes, whether federal, state or local, and whether income, payroll
or otherwise imposed upon Vendors fees hereunder or otherwise; (d) any claims against the Client or Client Parties by any of
Vendors employees or contractors, including claims for wages or for benefits or compensation offered by the Client or Client
Parties to their respective employees; (e) any violation by Vendor or any of its employees or contractors of any applicable laws,
rules or regulations governing the provision of the Services; and (f) to the extent not covered in (a) through (e),
Contractors performance of the Services provided that such claim, damage, loss or expense is attributable to bodily injury,
sickness, disease or death, or to injury to or destruction of tangible property, including but not limited to, the loss of use
resulting therefrom regardless of whether or not it is caused in part by the party indemnified hereunder. The Vendor may offset any
sums due to the Vendor by Client against any amounts due to the Client pursuant to the foregoing indemnification. For purposes of
this indemnification, any actions or omissions of any subcontractor of Vendor shall be deemed actions or omissions of
Vendor.

6. Performance
of Services. The Vendor shall devote Vendors reasonable best efforts to the
performance of the Services and shall perform the Services to the best of Vendors
abilities. Vendor is retained on a nonexclusive basis and may engage in and simultaneously
perform under any other contract while performing its obligations under this Agreement, provided
that, such engagement or performance does not interfere with Vendors obligations under
this Agreement. Vendor shall perform all work at Vendors own risk.

- 2 -

7. Representations
and Covenants of Vendor. The Vendor represents, warrants and covenants that: (a)
Vendor is free to enter this Agreement and has made no agreement and has no obligation inconsistent
with Vendors obligations hereunder; (b) neither Vendor, nor any of its employees or
contractors, are in violation of, or shall violate, any written or oral agreement it, he
or she is a party to as a result of Vendor entering into this Agreement and performing the
Services; and (c) Vendor shall cooperate fully and provide assistance to the Client in the
resolution and investigation of any complaint, claim, action or proceeding brought by or
involving any of Vendors employees or consultants. The Vendor is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Vendor has such experience in business
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Securities. The Vendor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative
and involves a high degree of risk.

8. Term.
The term of Clients engagement of Vendor pursuant to this Agreement shall be five years from the Effective Date (the
Term), and the Agreement becomes effective immediately on the Effective Date.

9. Confidentiality.

(a) Confidential
Information shall mean all confidential and proprietary information of the Client, including without limitation, all information
concerning the Clients clients, prospective clients, client contact persons, business plans, finances, pricing, sales and marketing
information, research strategies, techniques, products, services, software, code, applications, methods, essential ideas, employees and
contractors and confidential information of Clients which the Vendor receives or has access to as a result of performing the Services,
in any form, whether written, oral or machine-readable. Confidential Information does not include information known to Vendor at the
time of disclosure to Vendor by the Client as evidenced by written records or is publicly known and generally available through no wrongful
act of Vendor.

(b) All
Confidential Information is the property of and confidential to the Client. Neither Vendor, nor its employees or contractors, shall,
during Vendors engagement with the Client or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly disclose, in whole or in part, Confidential
Information to any person or entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever, except on behalf of the Client in accordance with the Clients
policies, or make use of any Confidential Information for its, his or her own purposes or for the benefit of any person or entity other
than the Client in accordance with the Clients policies. Vendor agrees to take all precautions necessary to safeguard all Confidential
Information against unauthorized use or reproduction by third parties.

(c) Upon
the earlier of the Clients request and the end of the Term, Vendor shall immediately turn over to the Client all documents, papers
and other material, including all copies thereof, in Vendors possession or under Vendors control, which may constitute,
contain or be derived from Confidential Information, whether in written, digital or machine-readable form, together with all documents,
notes and other work product which is connected with or derived from Vendors services to the Client.

10. Insurance.
Vendor agrees that it shall, at its own cost and expense, obtain and provide evidence of general liability and any other insurance
coverage requested by the Client in amounts satisfactory to the Client from time to time upon the request of the Client.

- 3 -

11. Survival.
Upon the end of the Term of this Agreement, all rights and duties of the Parties toward each
other shall cease, except Sections 5, 7, 9, and 12 through 19 herein shall survive.

12. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding by and
between the Parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no
restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than
those expressly set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, whether written, oral or otherwise, between the Parties with respect
to the engagement of the Vendor by the Client.

13. Severability.
If one or more of the provisions in this Agreement are deemed void by law, the remaining
provisions will continue in full force and effect and, if legally permitted, such offending
provision or provisions shall be replaced with an enforceable provision or enforceable provisions
that as nearly as possible effects the Parties intent.

14. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
without regard to conflict of law principles.

15. Jurisdiction.
The Parties hereto hereby consent to the jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction located in San Juan, Puerto Rico for
all purposes in connection with any legal proceeding between them relating to or arising out of this Agreement.

16. Assignment.
This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall
be assigned by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other, except the Client may assign this Agreement
and/or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder to any successor to all or a part of its business without the prior
written consent of the Vendor.

17. Third
Parties. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any
other person or entity other than the Vendor, Client, and the Clients subsidiaries,
parents and affiliates.

18. Waiver.
Waiver of any term or provision of this Agreement or forbearance to enforce any term or provision
by either party shall not constitute a waiver as to any subsequent breach of the same term
or provision or a waiver of any other term or provision of this Agreement.

[Signature
Page Follows]

- 4 -

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

CLIENT: 

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC. 

By: /s/
John Hilburn Davis IV 

Name: John
Hilburn Davis IV 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer 

VENDOR: 

MavDB
Consulting LLC 

By:
/s/
David Joshua Bartch 

Name:
David
Joshua Bartch 

Title:
Member 

- 5 -

EXHIBIT
A

Scope
of Services

The
table below is a breakdown of the vendor costs over the five-year term across sixteen (16) SEC universities for campus activations and
marketing, social media marketing, traditional public relations, grass roots marketing, event coordination and production, engagement
of influencers and student athletes, vendor, scheduling and staffing costs, and travel costs, subject to re-allocation by mutual agreement
of the Client and Vendor.

- 6 -

EXHIBIT
B

(see
attached)

- 7 -

FORM
OF PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP INC.

Warrant
Shares: [_______] Initial
Exercise Date: _______ [], 2025

THIS
PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and through the date that is five
(5) years after the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from Digital Brands Group Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Delaware (the Company), up to ______
Common Shares, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Common Share under
this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares
are then listed on a Trading Market that is a national exchange, the bid price of the Common Shares for the time in question (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are then quoted on
a Trading Market that is the OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are then quoted on a Trading Market that is the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Shares as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Trading
Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Shares are listed or traded, including
but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global
Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

- 8 -

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed
on a Trading Market that is a national exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a
Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are then quoted on a Trading
Market that is the OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are then quoted on a Trading Market that is the Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall
be paid by the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by
delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form
annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by
wire transfer in United States dollars unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and
the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within
three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant
resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall lower the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver to the Holder
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.01 per Warrant Share,
was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the
nominal exercise price of $0.01 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of
this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price
under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination
Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $0.01, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

- 9 -

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof, there is no effective registration statement registering the Warrant Shares
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised,
in whole or in part by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the
Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid
Price of the Common Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution
of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading
Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours
on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date
of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

- 10 -

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company
shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of
the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian
system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration
statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised
via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name
of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by
the Company one (1) Trading Day prior to such second Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received within one (1) Trading Day prior to such second Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

- 11 -

v. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company
may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto and
a legal opinion from the Holders counsel that is reasonably acceptable to the Company for such transfer.

vi. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of Common Shares that are beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of Common Shares that are issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other common stock equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. For purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination, and a submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Holder of the foregoing
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of
the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of the
Common Shares outstanding as of the respective date of calculation. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of the Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e); provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of the Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

- 12 -

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common
Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company,
then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

c)
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at
the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof.

- 13 -

Section
5. General Provisions.

a)
No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). Without limiting
any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c), in no event shall the
Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of an affidavit of loss
reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the
Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case
of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)
Weekends and Holidays. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d)
Governing Law; Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the courts of the State of New York
and of the United States of America, in each case sitting in the City and County of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is
an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce
any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their
reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

- 14 -

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 4700 S Boyle Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90058 Attention: Hil Davis, Chief Executive Officer,
email address: hil@dstld.la or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally,
by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of
such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address
set forth in this Section on or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is
not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously furnish such notice to the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

j)
Amendment; Waiver. This Warrant may be modified or amended (or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand.

k)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

l)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

- 15 -

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP INC. 

By:

Name: John
Hilburn Davis IV 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer 

- 16 -

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

wire transfer in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Entity: __________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Entity: ________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________

- 17 -

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address: 

- 18 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE NOR SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF
(A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
(WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE BORROWER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID
ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal
Amount: $260,000.00 

Issue
Date: January 22, 2025

Actual
Amount of Purchase Price: $200,000.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company),
hereby promises to pay to the order of Joshua Bartch (the Holder), in the form of lawful money of the United States
of America, the principal sum of $260,000.00, of which $200,000.00 is the actual amount of the purchase price hereof (the Principal
Amount) plus an original issuance discount of $60,000.00, at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, as further
provided herein. The maturity date shall be three (3) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date) and is the date upon
which the Principal Amount shall be due and payable. The Borrower shall have the right to prepay and repay all or any portion of the
outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under this Note at any time.

Any
Principal Amount under this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent (16%)
per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid (Default Interest).
Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.

All
payments due hereunder shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the
Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount
expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next
succeeding day which is a business day.

As
used in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial
banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. Common Stock
means shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Borrower. Principal Market shall mean the principal securities
exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any
tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note:

ARTICLE
I. CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1
Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to
protect the rights of the Holder.

1

2.2
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder
to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute
and deliver to the Holder a new Note.

ARTICLE
II. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article II (each, an Event of Default)
shall occur:

2.1
Failure to Pay Principal. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon
acceleration or otherwise.

2.2
Breach of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained
in this Note and does not cure such breach within ten (10) calendar days after Borrower receives notice from the Holder regarding such
breach.

2.3
Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

2.4
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower.

2.5
Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act and such failure continues for thirty (30) calendar days.

2.6
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

2.7
Delisting, Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock. If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrowers
Common Stock fails to be listed or quoted for trading on a Principal Market.

2.8
Rights and Remedies Upon an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article II, this Note
shall become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder,
an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus Default Interest.

ARTICLE
III. MISCELLANEOUS

3.1
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder
are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

2

3.2
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective
(a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine,
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received),
or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid,
addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications
shall be:

If
to the Borrower, to:

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

1400
Lavaca Street

Austin,
TX 78701

Attention:
John Hilburn Davis

e-mail: hil@dstld.la

If
to the Holder:

JOSHUA
BARTCH

__________________

__________________

e-mail:
________________

3.3
Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the
Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally
executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

3.4
Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit
of the Holder and its successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined
in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) with the prior written consent of the Borrower, in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of
its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that the unpaid principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3.5
Governing Law; Venue; Attorneys Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions
contemplated by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the
state courts located in the State of Delaware or federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The Borrower and Holder hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. THE BORROWER AND HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES
NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby
or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys
fees and costs.

3.6
Construction; Headings. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed
against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note.

3.7
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of
law (including any judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note.

3.8
Accredited Investor. The Holder represents and warrants that it is an accredited investor as that term is defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

[signature
page follows]

3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Note to be signed on January 22, 2025.

DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ John Hilburn Davis 

Name: John Hilburn Davis 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted
and Agreed:

JOSHUA
BARTCH

By: /s/ Joshua
Bartch 

Name: Joshua Bartch
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-3_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>dbgi-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003381-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001668010 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001668010 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
DIGITAL BRANDS GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-40400 
46-1942864 
1400 Lavaca Street 
Austin 
TX 
78701 
(209) 
651-0172 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40400

Entity Registrant Name DIGITAL
BRANDS GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001668010

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-1942864

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1400
Lavaca Street

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78701

City Area Code (209)

Local Phone Number 651-0172

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://digitalbrandsgroup.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dbgi-20250116.xsd 
dbgi-20250116_lab.xml 
dbgi-20250116_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>