<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-082841.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-082841.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416162808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-082841
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Altus Power, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				853448396
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39798
		FILM NUMBER:		25843130

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 ATLANTIC STREET, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 698-0090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 ATLANTIC STREET, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d870221d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001828723--12-3100018287232025-04-152025-04-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 15, 2025

Altus Power, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39798 85-3448396

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

2200 Atlantic Street, 6th Floor

Stamford, CT06902

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

(203)698-0090

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $.0001 AMPS New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note 

On April 16, 2025, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2025 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Altus Power, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Avenger Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Avenger Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Surviving Corporation). 

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) and by virtue of the Merger, each share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Class A Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, including shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Class B Common Stock and collectively with the Class A Common Stock, the Company Common Stock) (other than (i) shares of Company Common Stock owned directly by Parent, Merger Sub or their subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time or held by the Company as treasury stock (which were automatically canceled for no consideration), (ii) shares of Company Common Stock as to which statutory rights of appraisal have been properly and validly exercised under Delaware law or (iii) shares of Class A Common Stock contributed to Parent prior to the Effective Time), was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $5.00 (the Merger Consideration), payable to the holder thereof, without interest, subject to any required withholding of taxes. 

Additionally, immediately prior to the Effective Time and as a result of the Merger: 

each Vested Company RSU Award (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that remained outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically canceled and terminated immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest) equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Vested Company RSU Award by (ii) the Merger Consideration, payable as soon as practicable following the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement; 

each Unvested Company RSU Award (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that remained outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically canceled and terminated immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, if any (without interest) (a Post-Closing Cash Award), equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Unvested Company RSU Award by (ii) the Merger Consideration, and such Post-Closing Cash Award will vest and become payable pursuant to the same vesting schedule applicable to the Unvested Company RSU Award from which it was converted (including any accelerated vesting terms), subject to the holders continued employment with Parent and its subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) through the applicable vesting date; provided that the Unvested Company RSU Awards held by Gregg Felton immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted into awards that will be settled in equity interests of Parent pursuant to the terms and conditions of a separate agreement to be entered into between Parent and Mr. Felton; 

each Company TSR PSU Award (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that remained outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically canceled and terminated immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into a Post-Closing Cash Award, if any, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Company TSR PSU Award (with the Merger Consideration used to determine the Companys percentile rank relative to the applicable peer groups and such performance-based goals deemed to be achieved based on such relative percentile rank as of the date of the Merger Agreement) by (ii) the Merger Consideration, and such Post-Closing Cash Award will vest and become payable pursuant to the same time-vesting schedule applicable to the Company TSR PSU Award from which it was converted (including any accelerated vesting terms), subject to the holders continued employment with Parent and its subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) through the applicable vesting date; 

each Company GW PSU Award (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that remained outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically canceled and terminated immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into a Post-Closing Cash Award, if any, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Company GW PSU Award (with any per share stock price performance-based goals deemed to be achieved based on the Merger Consideration) by (ii) the Merger Consideration, and such Post-Closing Cash Award will vest and become payable pursuant to the same time-vesting schedule and based on the achievement of the same installed solar capacity goals applicable to the Company GW PSU Award from which it was converted (including any accelerated vesting terms), subject to the holders continued employment with Parent and its subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) through the applicable vesting date; and 

each Company Stock Price PSU Award (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that remained outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically canceled and terminated immediately prior to the Effective Time for no consideration. 

Each of Gregg Feltons Post-Closing Cash Awards is expected to convert into an award that will be settled in equity interests of Parent pursuant to the terms and conditions of a separate agreement to be entered into between Parent and Mr. Felton. All amounts payable with respect to the Company equity awards are subject to deduction for any required tax withholding. 

In addition, in connection with the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Company Certificate), on April 15, 2025, which was the business day immediately prior to the Effective Time, each share of Class B Common Stock then issued and outstanding was automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock in accordance with the terms of, and subject to the limitations set forth in, the Company Certificate, and upon such conversion, each such share of Class B Common Stock was automatically canceled and ceased to exist, and each former holder of Class B Common Stock thereafter ceased to have any rights with respect to such securities. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

On April 16, 2025, APA Generation Holdings, LLC (APAGH or the APAGH Borrower), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a senior secured credit agreement (the APAGH Term Loan Facility) with affiliates of Goldman Sachs Asset Management as Lenders. The total commitments under the credit agreement are (i) $200.0 million in initial term loans and (ii) $100.0 million in delayed draw term loans. Subject to certain conditions, the Company can also request the funding of additional incremental term loans in an amount not to exceed $200.0 million (less the amount of delayed draw loan commitments and any funded delayed draw term loans) over the term of the credit agreement. Subject to certain exceptions, the APAGH Borrowers obligations to the Lenders are secured by the assets of the APAGH Borrower, its parent, Altus Power, LLC and the Company and are further guaranteed by Altus Power, LLC and the Company. Interest accrues on any outstanding balance at an initial fixed rate equal to 8.50%, subject to adjustments. The maturity date of the APAGH Term Loan Facility is April 16, 2031. 

On April 16, 2025, APA Generation, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, amended its revolving credit facility with Citibank, N.A. with a total committed capacity of $200.0 million (the APAG Revolver), including to extend the maturity thereof. Outstanding amounts under the APAG Revolver have a variable interest rate based on a base rate and an applicable margin. The APAG Revolver is secured by membership interests in the Companys subsidiaries. The amended APAG Revolver matures on April 16, 2030. 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of Material Definitive Agreements. 

The information provided in the Explanatory Note of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

In connection with entering into the APAGH Term Loan, the existing credit agreement among APAGH, an affiliate of Goldman Sachs Asset Management and CPPIB Credit Investments III Inc., dated as of December 27, 2023 (as amended), was repaid in full and terminated. 

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the Effective Time, each of the following equity compensation plans of the Company was terminated: (i) the Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and (ii) the Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information provided in the Explanatory Note and Item 3.03, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

The definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 13, 2025, and the supplemental disclosure to such proxy statement filed by the Company with the SEC on April 2, 2025, contain additional information about the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including information concerning the interests of directors, executive officers and affiliates of the Company in the Merger. 

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information provided in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

On April 16, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Company notified the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) that a certificate of merger was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware for purposes of consummating the Merger. The Company requested that the NYSE file with the SEC a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on Form 25 in order to effect the delisting of the Class A Common Stock from the NYSE and the deregistration of the Class A Common Stock under Section 12(b). As a result, trading of the Class A Common Stock, which traded under the ticker symbol AMPS on the NYSE, was suspended prior to the opening of trading on the NYSE on April 16, 2025. 

Upon effectiveness of the Form 25, the Company intends to file a Certification and Notice of Termination on Form 15 with the SEC to deregister the Class A Common Stock and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information provided in the Explanatory Note, Item 1.02, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

As a result of the Merger, each share of Class A Common Stock that was issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (except as described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report) was converted, at the Effective Time, into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Accordingly, at the Effective Time, each holder of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a stockholder of the Company (other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration for such shares pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement). 

Item 5.01. 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information provided in the Explanatory Note, Item 1.01, Item 2.01 and Item 5.02 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change of control of the Company occurred and the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers. 

The information provided in the Explanatory Note, Item 1.02 and Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

Directors and Officers 

At the Effective Time, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, Martin Davidson and Joann Harris, continued as the directors of the Surviving Corporation. Gregg J. Felton also continued a director of the Surviving Corporation pursuant to a request made by Parent after the Merger Agreement was executed and delivered. Accordingly, as of the Effective Time, Christine R. Detrick, Robert C. Bernard, Robert M. Horn, Richard N. Peretz, Tina C. Reich and Richard A. Shapiro, resigned and ceased serving on the Companys board of directors and all of its committees. No director resigned as a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices. 

Also pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time, including Gregg J. Felton, Anthony Savino and Dustin Weber, continued as the officers of the Surviving Corporation.

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information provided in the Explanatory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Company Certificate was amended and restated in its entirety to be in the form of the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time and the bylaws of the Company in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time were amended and restated in their entirety to be in the form of the bylaws of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, as set forth in Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 hereto, respectively, which are incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On April 16, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2025, by and among Parent, Merger Sub and the Company.* 

3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Altus Power, Inc. 

3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Altus Power, Inc. 

99.1 Press Release, dated April 16, 2025, issued by Altus Power, Inc. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

* 

The schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Merger have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the SEC. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ALTUS POWER, INC.

Date: April 16, 2025 By: 

/s/ Gregg J. Felton

Name: Gregg J. Felton

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d870221dex21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.1
<TEXT>
EX-2.1

Exhibit 2.1 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

BY AND AMONG 

AVENGER
PARENT, INC., 

AVENGER MERGER SUB, INC. 

AND 

ALTUS POWER, INC.

FEBRUARY 5, 2025 

CERTAIN
INFORMATION HAS BEEN REDACTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITEM 601(A)(6) OF REGULATION S-K DUE TO PERSONAL PRIVACY CONCERNS. INFORMATION THAT HAS BEEN SO REDACTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN MARKED WITH [***] TO INDICATE THE
OMISSION. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 2 

Section 1.01 Definitions 2 

Section 1.02 Definitional and Interpretative Provisions 18 

ARTICLE II. THE TRANSACTION 19 

Section 2.01 The Closing 19 

Section 2.02 The Merger 20 

ARTICLE III. EFFECT OF MERGER ON SECURITIES 21 

Section 3.01 Conversion of Class B Common Stock 21 

Section 3.02 Effect of Merger on Capital Stock 21 

Section 3.03 Surrender and Payment 22 

Section 3.04 Lost Certificates 24 

Section 3.05 Withholding Rights 25 

Section 3.06 Treatment of Company Compensatory Awards; Company ESPP 25 

Section 3.07 Dissenting Shares 27 

ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 28 

Section 4.01 Corporate Existence and Power 28 

Section 4.02 Corporate Authorization 29 

Section 4.03 Governmental Authorization 29 

Section 4.04 Non-Contravention 30 

Section 4.05 Capitalization; Subsidiaries 30 

Section 4.06 Company SEC Documents; Company Financial Statements; Disclosure Controls 32 

Section 4.07 Absence of Certain Changes 33 

Section 4.08 No Undisclosed Liabilities 33 

Section 4.09 Company Material Contracts 34 

Section 4.10 Compliance with Applicable Laws; Company Licenses; Data Privacy & Security 37 

Section 4.11 Litigation 38 

Section 4.12 Real Property 38 

Section 4.13 Intellectual Property 39 

Section 4.14 Insurance Coverage 40 

Section 4.15 Tax Matters 41 

Section 4.16 Employees and Employee Benefit Plans 42 

Section 4.17 Environmental Matters 45 

Section 4.18 Energy Regulatory Matters 46 

Section 4.19 Supply Chain Matters 46 

Section 4.20 Information in the Proxy Statement 46 

i 

Section 4.21 Required Vote 47 

Section 4.22 Takeover Statutes 47 

Section 4.23 No Brokers 47 

Section 4.24 Tax Credits 47 

Section 4.25 Opinion of Financial Advisor 48 

Section 4.26 Investment Company Act 48 

Section 4.27 No Additional Representations or Warranties 48 

ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB 49 

Section 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power 49 

Section 5.02 Corporate Authorization 50 

Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization 50 

Section 5.04 Non-Contravention 51 

Section 5.05 Litigation 51 

Section 5.06 No Brokers 51 

Section 5.07 Ownership of Company Capital Stock 51 

Section 5.08 Financial Capacity 52 

Section 5.09 Guaranty 53 

Section 5.10 Solvency 53 

Section 5.11 Information in the Proxy Statement 54 

Section 5.12 Ownership of Merger Sub; No Prior Activities 54 

Section 5.13 Company Arrangements 54 

Section 5.14 Absence of Certain Agreements 54 

Section 5.15 No Additional Representations and Warranties 55 

ARTICLE VI. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 55 

Section 6.01 Conduct of the Company Pending the Merger 55 

Section 6.02 No Solicitation; Adverse Recommendation Change 60 

Section 6.03 Access to Information 63 

Section 6.04 Minimum Cash Maintenance 64 

ARTICLE VII. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES 64 

Section 7.01 Appropriate Action; Consents; Filings 64 

Section 7.02 Proxy Statement 66 

Section 7.03 Confidentiality; Public Announcements 68 

Section 7.04 Indemnification of Officers and Directors 68 

Section 7.05 Section 16 Matters 70 

Section 7.06 Stockholder Litigation 70 

Section 7.07 Employee Matters 71 

Section 7.08 Third Party Consents 73 

Section 7.09 Notices of Certain Events 73 

Section 7.10 Stock Exchange Delisting 73 

Section 7.11 Merger Sub 73 

ii 

Section 7.12 Approvals by Parent Pending the Merger 74 

Section 7.13 Anti-Takeover Laws 74 

Section 7.14 Debt Financing Cooperation 74 

Section 7.15 Financing 77 

Section 7.16 Payoff Indebtedness 77 

ARTICLE VIII. CONDITIONS TO THE TRANSACTION 78 

Section 8.01 Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party 78 

Section 8.02 Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub 78 

Section 8.03 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company 79 

ARTICLE IX. TERMINATION 80 

Section 9.01 Termination 80 

Section 9.02 Effect of Termination 82 

Section 9.03 Expenses; Termination Fee 82 

ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 86 

Section 10.01 Notices 86 

Section 10.02 Remedies Cumulative; Specific Performance 87 

Section 10.03 No Survival of Representations and Warranties 88 

Section 10.04 Amendments and Waivers 89 

Section 10.05 Disclosure Letter References 89 

Section 10.06 Binding Effect; Benefit; Assignment 89 

Section 10.07 Governing Law 90 

Section 10.08 Jurisdiction 90 

Section 10.09 No Recourse 91 

Section 10.10 Waiver of Jury Trial 92 

Section 10.11 Counterparts; Effectiveness 92 

Section 10.12 Entire Agreement 92 

Section 10.13 Severability 92 

Exhibit A Form of Company Support Agreement

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Merger

Schedule A Company Supporting Stockholders

Schedule B Regulatory Approvals

iii 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this Agreement), dated as of February 5, 2025, is entered into by and among Altus Power,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Avenger Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Avenger Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger
Sub). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Company Board) has (i) determined that this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as the surviving corporation, are advisable and in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders; (ii) approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; (iii) directed that the
adoption of this Agreement be submitted to a vote of the Companys stockholders at a meeting of the Companys stockholders; and (iv) recommended that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and
the approval of the Merger in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL); 

WHEREAS, each of the board of directors of Parent and the board of directors of Merger Sub have (i) approved and declared advisable this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger; (ii) approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement; (iii) in the case of Merger Sub only, directed that the adoption of this Agreement be submitted to a vote of Parent in its capacity as Merger Subs sole stockholder; and (iv) in the case of Merger Sub only, recommended that
Parent vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger in accordance with the DGCL; 

WHEREAS, as an
inducement to the Companys willingness to enter into this Agreement, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, TPG Rise Climate TI FIRPTA AIV Aggregator, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
Guarantor), has delivered to the Company a limited guaranty (the Guaranty), pursuant to which the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee certain of the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub hereunder; 

WHEREAS, as an inducement to Parent to enter into this Agreement, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, (i) certain existing
stockholders of the Company listed on Schedule A attached hereto (collectively, the Company Supporting Stockholders) have each entered into a Voting and Support Agreement (the Company Support
Agreements) substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company Supporting Stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement
and approval of the Transactions, including the Merger and (ii) certain officers of the Company (collectively, the Rollover Investors) have entered into a Rollover Agreement (the Rollover Agreement),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Rollover Investors have agreed to contribute to Parent, subject to the terms and conditions therein, the amount of Company Common Stock set forth therein in exchange for equity interests in Parent or one of
its Affiliates that directly or indirectly owns Parent; and 

1 

WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations,
warranties and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe certain conditions to the Merger. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, as well as
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Definitions. 

(a) As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 

Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement means an agreement with the Company that is executed, delivered and effective after the
date hereof, containing provisions that require any counterparty thereto (and any of its affiliates and representatives named therein) that receives non-public information of or with respect to the Company or
its Subsidiaries to keep such information confidential and refrain from using such information (subject to customary exceptions); provided, however, that the provisions contained therein are not materially less favorable, in the
aggregate, to the Company than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement; provided, further, that such agreement does not contain provisions that prohibit, condition or delay the Company from providing any information to Parent
in accordance with Section 6.02 or that otherwise prohibit, condition or delay the Company from complying with the provisions of Section 6.02. For the avoidance of doubt, a joinder to an
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement pursuant to which a Third Party agrees to be bound by the confidentiality and use provisions of an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement shall be an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement. 

Acquired Companies means, collectively, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries. 

Acquisition Proposal means, other than the Transactions or any other proposal or offer from Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, any proposal or offer from a Third Party relating to (i) any acquisition or purchase, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, of (A) the assets of the Acquired Companies constituting fifteen percent (15%)
or more of the assets of the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole (based on the fair market value thereof), or to which fifteen percent (15%) or more of the Acquired Companies net revenues or earnings on a consolidated basis are attributable,
or (B) fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company; (ii) any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any Person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act) acquiring
beneficial ownership of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company; or (iii) any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, share exchange or other transaction

2 

involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in which a Third Party, a group (as defined in the Exchange Act) or their respective shareholders, if consummated, would acquire
fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company or the surviving entity or the resulting direct or indirect parent of the Company or such surviving entity. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person, means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly
or indirectly, whether through ownership of voting securities or by Contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled by have correlative meanings to the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no
direct or indirect portfolio company of any investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated, with, or managed or advised by, TPG Global, LLC, TPG Inc. or Guarantor shall be deemed or considered an Affiliate of Parent or Merger Sub,
(ii) neither CBRE Group, Inc. nor any of its Affiliates shall be deemed or considered an Affiliate of the Company, (iii) neither Blackstone Asset Based Finance Advisors LP, its Affiliates, any investment funds or accounts managed, advised
or sub-advised by Blackstone Asset Based Finance Advisors LP or its Affiliates, nor any portfolio company of any such investment funds or accounts shall be deemed or considered an Affiliate of the Company and
(iv) in no event shall the Company or its Subsidiaries be considered an Affiliate of Parent, Merger Sub, any Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates prior to the Effective Time. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all Applicable Laws relating to the prevention of corruption, bribery and money laundering,
including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 

APACF II Facility means that certain Credit Agreement, dated
November 10, 2023, among APACF II, LLC, as borrower, APACF II Holdings, LLC, as equity holder, Pass Equipment Co, LLC, the project companies from to time party thereto, the tax equity holdcos from time to time party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian, each lender from time to time party thereto, and Blackstone Asset Based Finance Advisors LP, as Blackstone
representative for the lenders, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 26, 2024, and that certain Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 3, 2024. 

APAF II Term Loan means that certain Financing Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, among APA Finance II, LLC, as
borrower, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., KeyBank National Association, the Huntington National Bank and the lenders thereto. 

APAF
III Term Loan means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2023, among APA Finance III Borrower, LLC, as borrower, APA Finance III Borrower Holdings, LLC, as equity holder, Blackstone Asset Based Finance Advisors LP,
as Blackstone representative, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian, and the lenders party thereto from time to time, as amended by that
certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 15, 2023, that certain Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 21, 2023, and that certain Amendment No. 3, dated as of December 20, 2023. 

3 

APAF IV Term Loan means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of
March 26, 2024, among APA Finance IV, LLC, as borrower, APA Finance IV Holdings, LLC, as equity holder, Blackstone Asset Based Finance Advisors LP, as Blackstone representative, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as administrative
agent and collateral agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. 

APAF Term Loan means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2021, by and among APA
Finance, LLC, as borrower, APA Finance Holdings, LLC, as equity holder, BISF Agent LLC, as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, paying agent and document custodian, and each lender from time to time party
thereto. 

APAG Revolver means that certain Credit Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, among APA Generation, LLC,
as borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as the revolver administrative agent, collateral agent, letter of credit issuer and a lender, Citibank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
KeyBank National Association and Truist Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and the other letter of credit issuers party hereto from time to time, and Citibank, N.A., as green structuring agent, as amended by that
certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 22, 2023. 

APAGH Term Loan means that certain Credit Agreement,
dated as of December 27, 2023, by and among APA Generation Holdings, LLC, as borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time, including Broad Street Credit Holdings LLC and CPPIB Credit Investments III Inc., a subsidiary of Canada Pension
Plan Investment Board, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent. 

API L/C Facility means
that certain Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2020, by and among the Company, as borrower, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, as amended by that certain
First Amendment and Consent Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021. 

Applicable Law means, with respect to any
Person, any Law that is binding upon or applicable to such Person. 

Brick Standard Loan Agreement means that certain
Redevelopment Loan Agreement, between the Township of Brick, New Jersey, as lender, and Brick Standard LLC, as borrower, dated as of September 26, 2014, as amended as of August 23, 2022. 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which commercial banks located in New York, New
York are authorized or required by Applicable Law to close. 

Class A Common Stock means the
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company. 

4 

Class B Common Stock means the Class B common
stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company. 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

Commitment Letters means the Debt Commitment Letter and the Equity Commitment Letter. 

Company Balance Sheet means the consolidated unaudited balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and the
notes thereto. 

Company Balance Sheet Date means September 30, 2024. 

Company Capital Stock means the Company Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock. 

Company Certificate means the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 

Company Common Stock means the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock. 

Company Compensatory Award means each Company PSU Award and Company RSU Award. 

Company Credit Facilities means, collectively, the API L/C Facility, the APAF Term Loan, APAF II Term Loan, APAF III Term
Loan, APAF IV Term Loan, APAGH Term Loan, APAG Revolver, APACF II Facility and the Brick Standard Loan Agreement. 

Company
Disclosure Letter means the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub in connection with the execution of this Agreement. 

Company ESPP means the Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended or amended and restated from time to
time. 

Company Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties made by the Company in Sections
4.01 (Corporate Existence and Power), 4.02 (Corporate Authorization), 4.04(a) (Non-Contravention), 4.05 (Capitalization), 4.07(a) (Absence of
Certain Changes) and 4.23 (No Brokers). 

Company GW PSU Award means a Company PSU Award that is
earned based on the achievement of per share Class A Common Stock price goals and installed solar capacity goals. 

Company
IP means all Intellectual Property Rights owned by any Acquired Company. 

Company IT Assets means information
technology assets, computers, computer systems, servers, hardware, Software (including Company Software), firmware, middleware, websites, networks, workstations, data and telecommunication, equipment, and lines, systems and networks that are owned,
leased or licensed by the Acquired Companies and used in the conduct of their businesses. 

5 

Company Material Adverse Effect means any change, effect, event,
occurrence, state of facts or development (an Effect), individually or in the aggregate, that (i) has or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the results of operations or financial condition of
the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole, or (ii) has prevented or materially impaired, materially interfered with or materially delayed, or would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair, materially interfere with or materially
delay, the ability of the Company to consummate the Transactions, including the Merger; provided, however, that, for the purposes of the foregoing clause (i), in no event would any of the following, alone or in combination, be
deemed to constitute, nor shall any of the following (including any Effect resulting from any of the following) be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Company Material Adverse Effect: (A) any
change in Applicable Law, GAAP or any authoritative interpretation thereof; (B) general economic or business conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the world or changes therein or changes in conditions in the global
economy generally; (C) general financial, credit and capital markets conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the world, including interest rates, credit ratings, inflation and currency exchange rates, and any changes
therein; (D) volcanoes, tsunamis, earthquakes, hurricanes, mudslides, wildfires or other natural disasters, pandemics, epidemics or other disease outbreaks or any response of any Governmental Authority (including any requirements for business
closures or sheltering-in-place) related to any of the foregoing, weather conditions or any other acts of God or other force majeure events, or the
escalation, worsening or other changes thereof; (E) regulatory, legislative or political conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the world, acts of terrorism, the commencement, continuation or escalation of war, armed
hostilities (whether or not declared) or national or international calamity, or any escalation, worsening or other changes thereof; (F) seasonal fluctuations in the business of the Acquired Companies not attributable to any change in the manner
of operation of the business of the Acquired Companies; (G) general economic or business changes affecting the industries in which the Acquired Companies operate; (H) the negotiation, entry into or announcement of this Agreement or the
pendency or consummation of the Transactions (including (1) the initiation of litigation by any Person with respect to this Agreement or the Transactions, (2) any termination of, reduction in or similar negative impact on relationships,
contractual or otherwise, with any customers, suppliers, distributors, partners or employees of the Acquired Companies or (3) any loss or diminution of rights or privileges, or any creation of, increase in or acceleration of obligations,
pursuant to Contract or otherwise, on the part of any Acquired Company, in each case due to the negotiation, entry into or announcement of this Agreement or the pendency or consummation of the Transactions) (it being understood that this clause
(H) shall not apply to, and shall be disregarded with respect to, references to Company Material Adverse Effect in any representations and warranties made by the Company that are intended to address the consequences of the
negotiation, execution or announcement of this Agreement or the pendency or consummation of the Transactions (including Section 4.03 and Section 4.04) or with respect to any condition to Closing to
the extent such condition relates to any such representation or warranty); (I) the Companys taking of any action (or its omission of any action) expressly required or permitted by this Agreement or requested by Parent; (J) any change in
the price or trading volume of the Companys securities or other financial instruments, in and of itself (it being understood that this clause (J) shall not prevent a determination that any Effect

6 

underlying such change has resulted in a Company Material Adverse Effect (to the extent such Effect is not otherwise excluded from this definition of Company Material Adverse Effect)); or
(K) any failure of the Acquired Companies to meet any internal or published projections, estimates or forecasts (it being understood that this clause (K) shall not prevent a determination that any Effect underlying such failure to
meet projections, estimates or forecasts has resulted in a Company Material Adverse Effect (to the extent such Effect is not otherwise excluded from this definition of Company Material Adverse Effect)); provided, further, that, in the
case of the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) and (G), except to the extent that such Effect has a disproportionate adverse impact on the Acquired Companies (taken as a whole) relative to other
businesses in the industries in which the Acquired Companies operate, in which case only the incremental disproportionate adverse impact may be taken into account in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred. 

Company Owned Real Property means each parcel of real property owned by an Acquired Company. 

Company Preferred Stock means the preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company. 

Company PSU Award means an award of restricted stock units covering shares of Company Common Stock that vests based on the
achievement of performance goals (excluding, for clarity, Company RSU Awards). 

Company RSU Award means an award of
restricted stock units covering shares of Company Common Stock that vests based solely on the passage of time (excluding, for clarity, Company PSU Awards). 

Company Software means proprietary software owned by the Acquired Companies, including any that have been, are currently or
are currently intended to be, developed, sold, offered for sale, licensed (including as open source Software), distributed, supported, hosted, serviced, made available, maintained or otherwise commercialized by the Acquired Companies, or from which
the Acquired Companies recognize any revenue (including revenue associated with maintenance or service agreements). 

Company
Stock Plan means the Altus Power, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended or amended and restated from time to time. 

Company Stock Price PSU Award means a Company PSU Award that is earned based on the achievement of per share Class A
Common Stock price goals. 

Company Termination Fee means an amount in cash equal to $60,000,000. 

Company TSR PSU Award means a Company PSU Award that is earned based on the achievement of relative total stockholder
return goals. 

Confidentiality Agreement means that certain Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2024,
between TPG Global, LLC and the Company. 

7 

Continuing Employees means all employees of any Acquired Company who, as
of the Closing, continue their employment with Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their Subsidiaries (including any Acquired Company). 

Contract means any legally binding contract, agreement, subcontract, lease, sublease, easement, license, evidence of
indebtedness, loan, debenture, note, bond, mortgage, binding bid, letter of credit, security agreement, purchase order or undertaking, whether written or oral. 

Data Security Requirements means the following, in each case to the extent relating to any privacy, security, security
breach notification requirements, or Personal Information (including the processing thereof): (i) all Applicable Laws; (ii) the Acquired Companies own external written policies and procedures; (iii) industry and self-regulatory
standards and codes of conduct to which the Acquired Companies are bound or purport to comply with, including, if applicable, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard; and (iv) applicable provisions of Contracts. 

Debt Commitment Letter means the debt commitment letter between Parent, Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and Broad
Street Credit Holdings LLC (including all exhibits, annexes, schedules, term sheets and fee letters related thereto, attached thereto or contemplated thereby), [in substantially the form provided by Parent to the Company as of the date hereof or] as
amended, supplemented, modified or replaced in a manner that does not materially expand the Companys obligations under Section 7.14, pursuant to which the financial institutions party thereto have agreed, subject only
to the applicable Financing Conditions, to provide or cause to be provided the debt financing set forth therein for the purposes of financing the Transactions, including (i) the payment of a portion of the Merger Consideration and RSU
Consideration to which holders of Company Common Stock and Company Compensatory Awards will be entitled at the Effective Time pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the repayment of the APAGH Term Loan and outstanding borrowings under the APAG
Revolver as of the date of this Agreement, if the Other Debt Consents with respect to the same are not received at or prior to Closing, and (iii) the payment of all fees and expenses required to be paid by Parent or Merger Sub in connection
with the Transactions. 

Debt Fee Letter means that certain fee letter relating to the Debt Financing in clause
(i) of the definition thereof. 

Debt Financings means (i) the debt financing incurred or intended to be
incurred pursuant to the Debt Commitment Letter and (ii) the refinancing or extension of the maturity of the APAG Revolver. 

Debt Financing Documents means the agreements, documents and certificates contemplated by the Debt Financings. 

Disclosure Letter means the Company Disclosure Letter or the Parent Disclosure Letter, as applicable. 

8 

Environmental Attribute means (i) renewable energy credits
associated with the generation of energy by a renewable energy facility, offsets or similar benefits, (ii) any emissions, air quality or other environmental attribute, aspect, characteristic, claim, credit, benefit, reduction, offset or
allowance, howsoever entitled or designated, resulting from, attributable to or associated with the generation of the energy by a renewable energy facility or resulting from the reduction of emissions and (iii) the reporting rights related to
any such attributes, aspects, characteristics, claims, credits, benefits, reductions, offsets or allowances. 

Environmental
Laws means any and all foreign, U.S. federal, state or local Laws relating to pollution, human health or safety (to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Substances), or the protection of the environment or natural resources, each
as in effect and as interpreted as of or prior to the Closing Date, including those relating to the treatment, storage, disposal or release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Substances. 

Equity Financing means the equity financing to be provided pursuant to the Equity Commitment Letter. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

ERISA Affiliate of any entity means any other entity which, together with such entity, is, or at any relevant time has been
or would be, treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA that includes the first entity, trade or business. 

Ex-Im Laws means all Applicable Laws relating to export, reexport, transfer, and
import controls, including the Export Administration Regulations, the customs and import Laws administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Expenses means the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred or paid by or on behalf of Parent and its Affiliates in connection with the Transactions or related to the authorization,
preparation, negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement and any other agreements, certificates, documents or other instruments contemplated by this Agreement, in each case, including all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of
law firms, commercial banks, investment banking firms, financing sources, accountants, experts and consultants to Parent and its Affiliates; provided that the aggregate amount of Expenses reimbursable shall not exceed $8,000,000. 

FERC means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 

Financing means the Debt Financings and the Equity Financing. 

Financing Conditions means (i) with respect to the Debt Financing in clause (i) of the definition thereof, the
conditions precedent set forth in Exhibit C to the Debt Commitment Letter and (ii) with respect to the Equity Financing, the conditions precedent to Parent and Merger Subs obligations under this Agreement set forth in
Section 8.01 and Section 8.02 and any other conditions set forth in the Equity Commitment Letter (including Section 2 thereof) as of the date hereof. 

9 

Financing Deliverables means the following information and documents to
be delivered in connection with the Debt Financings: (i) such information as may be necessary or customary to complete, prepare or deliver applicable disclosure schedules and certificates in connection with the Debt Financings; (ii) the
Payoff Letters; and (iii) at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, documentation and other information reasonably requested at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date by the Financing Sources under
applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 

Financing Sources means the
Persons that are party to, and have committed to provide or arrange or act as agent in respect of all or any part of the Debt Financings, including pursuant to the Debt Commitment Letter, or any additional or replacement lender, arranger,
bookrunner, syndication agent or other entity acting in a similar committed capacity for the Debt Financings (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Parent and Merger Sub), together with their respective Affiliates, and the respective
Representatives and successors and assigns of the foregoing. 

Form 556 means a FERC Form 556, Certification of
Qualifying Facility (QF) Status for a Small Power Production or Cogeneration Facility. 

FPA means the Federal Power Act
and the implementing regulations of FERC thereunder. 

Fraud means, with respect to any Person, common law fraud under
the Laws of the State of Delaware by such Person with respect to the making by such Person of the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article IV (Representations and Warranties of the Company), Article V
(Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub), the Company Closing Certificate or the Parent Closing Certificate or in any other certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement, and not with respect to any other matters;
provided that the term Fraud excludes claims based on constructive knowledge, equitable fraud, constructive fraud, or negligent misrepresentation or omission. 

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, provincial, county, municipal, local, foreign or multinational government,
governmental authority, regulatory or administrative agency, legislature, executive, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, court, public or private arbitrator or arbitration body or panel, tribunal or any
quasi-governmental or self-regulatory organization (including the NYSE and any Regional Transmission Organization or Independent System Operator as defined in 18 C.F.R. 35.46). 

10 

Governmental Order means any order, judgment, injunction, decree,
decision, ruling, assessment, writ, stipulation, determination or award, in each case, entered by or with any Governmental Authority. 

Hazardous Substances means any materials, substances or wastes regulated by, or for which liability or standards of conduct
may be imposed pursuant to, any Environmental Law, including petroleum products or byproducts, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, toxic
mold or radioactive materials. 

HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. 

Intellectual Property Rights means all intellectual property rights of any type in any jurisdiction, including
(i) intellectual property rights in inventions and improvements thereto (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), design rights, patents, patent applications, and all continuations, divisions, reissues, re-examinations, substitutions and extensions thereof, (ii) trademarks, trade names, service marks, trademark and service mark registration applications, any other indicia of source or origin, and all goodwill
associated therewith, (iii) all intellectual property rights in works of authorship (whether or not copyrightable), copyrights, and all applications, registrations, and renewals thereof, (iv) internet domain name registrations,
(v) trade secrets and other intellectual property rights in proprietary confidential information, and (vi) intellectual property rights in Software. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

ITC means the energy credit under Section 48 of the Code. 

Knowledge means, after due inquiry of all employees or other personnel in the direct reporting line of each such person,
(i) with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge of those Persons listed on Section 1.01(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and (ii) with respect to Parent and Merger Sub, the actual knowledge of those
Persons listed on Section 1.01(a)(ii) of the Parent Disclosure Letter. 

Law means any and all
domestic (federal, state or local), foreign or multinational laws, including common law, statutes, rules, regulations, acts, codes, ordinances or Governmental Orders promulgated by any Governmental Authority. 

Leased Real Property means all real property leased by any Acquired Company, as lessee, that is held primarily for use in
and necessary for the business of such Acquired Company. 

Lender Protective Provisions means
Section 9.03(e), Section 10.04, Section 10.06, Section 10.07, Section 10.08, Section 10.09 and
Section 10.10 of this Agreement (and any provision of this Agreement to the extent an amendment, supplement or modification of such provision would modify the substance of any of the foregoing provisions). 

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, security interest, charge, license or other
lien of any kind. 

11 

Minimum Cash means, as of any time of determination, the aggregate amount
of cash and cash equivalents held by the Acquired Companies (excluding undrawn amounts under the Company Credit Facilities) as of such time of determination. 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

MWdc means megawatts on a direct-current, nameplate-capacity, basis. 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange or any successor exchange thereof. 

Operating Project means any operating solar photovoltaic energy generation project or battery storage project owned or
operated by the Company and its Affiliates. 

Other Debt Consents means any and all waivers or consents (which may be
effectuated in the form of an amendment or other modification) required with respect to (a) the APAG Revolver (including the Ultimate Parent Guaranty, as defined in the APAG Revolver), (b) the APAGH Term Loan or (c) the API L/C Facility,
in each case as a result of the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto and as required to effect the Transactions. 

Parent Disclosure Letter means the disclosure letter delivered by Parent and Merger Sub to the Company in connection with
the execution of this Agreement. 

Parent Termination Fee means an amount in cash equal to $70,000,000. 

Payoff Letters means, collectively, with respect to each of the APAGH Term Loan and the APAG Revolver, in each case to the
extent the applicable Other Debt Consents have not been received at or prior to Closing, a customary payoff letter executed by the duly authorized agent or representative of the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto. 

PEO Plan means a Plan sponsored or maintained by a professional employer organization in which Acquired Company employees
participate. 

Permitted Liens means (i) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or that are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established to the extent required by GAAP, (ii) Liens in favor of vendors, carriers, warehousemen, repairmen, mechanics, workmen, materialmen, construction or
similar Liens or encumbrances arising by operation of Applicable Law that are incurred in the ordinary course of business and are not yet due and payable, or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate
reserves have been established to the extent required by GAAP, (iii) Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other types of social security or
foreign equivalents, (iv) zoning, building codes, and other land use Laws regulating the use or occupancy of Real Property or the activities conducted thereon that are imposed by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Real
Property and which are not violated by the current use and operation of such Real Property or the operation of the business of the Acquired Companies, (v) with respect to Real Property, (A) Liens disclosed on existing title reports or
existing surveys made available to Parent, (B) Liens that would be shown on a title report, an accurate survey or a 

12 

personal inspection of the property, (C) Liens encumbering the interest of the fee owner or any superior lessor, sublessor or sublicensor, and (D) any other non-monetary Liens which, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (A) through (D), would not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere materially with the ordinary conduct of the business
of the Acquired Companies at such Real Property, (vi) Liens securing indebtedness or liabilities that are reflected in the Company SEC Documents or incurred in the ordinary course of business since the date of the most recent quarterly report
on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC by the Company and as disclosed on Section 1.01(b)(vi) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (vii) Liens to be released on or prior to the Closing
Date, (viii) Liens securing indebtedness or liabilities, including Liens securing acquisition financing with respect to any applicable personal property asset, with respect to any such Liens arising after the date hereof, to the extent such
indebtedness, liabilities or financings are permitted to be incurred hereunder, (ix) Liens described in Section 1.01(b)(ix) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and (x) in the case of Intellectual Property Rights, non-exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course of business of the Acquired Companies. 

Person means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, incorporated or unincorporated
association, joint venture, joint stock company, Governmental Authority or other entity of any kind. 

Personal
Information means any data or other information that (i) identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or
(ii) is defined as personal information, personal data, personally identifiable information, protected health information or similar term under Applicable Law. 

Plan means each (i) employee benefit plan as that term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA (whether or not
subject to ERISA), (ii) individual employment, individual consulting, pension, retirement, profit sharing, deferred compensation, equity option, change in control, retention, equity or equity-based compensation, equity purchase, severance pay,
bonus, commission or other incentive plans, programs, Contracts, arrangements, policies or agreements, and (iii) medical, vision, dental or other health or welfare, life insurance plans, illness benefit, retiree or post-employment health or
welfare, paid time off, or fringe benefit, plan, policy, program, Contract, agreement or arrangement, in each case, maintained or contributed to by the Acquired Companies, or required to be maintained or contributed to by the Acquired Companies for
the benefit of any current or former employees, directors, officers or individual independent contractors or consultants of the Acquired Companies or their dependents, other than any Multiemployer Plan and any programs sponsored or maintained by a
Governmental Authority. 

Proceeding means any claim, action, suit, litigation, audit, assessment, charge, complaint,
arbitration or inquiry, or any proceeding or investigation, by or before any Governmental Authority. 

Project means, as
applicable, any of the projects listed on Section 1.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, individually, and collectively, all of the foregoing are referred to herein as the Projects. 

13 

PSU/RSU Consideration means, collectively, the RSU Consideration and the
cash amounts payable pursuant to the Post-Closing Cash Awards. 

PTC means the energy credit under Section 45 of
the Code. 

PUHCA means the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 and the implementing regulations of FERC
thereunder. 

Qualifying Facility means a qualifying small power production facility as defined in
Section 3(17)(C) of the FPA, 16 U.S.C. 796(17)(C), and FERCs implementing regulations at 18 C.F.R. 292.203(a) and 292.204. 

Real Property means, collectively, the Leased Real Property and the Company Owned Real Property. 

Registered IP means all Company IP that is registered or issued under the authority of any Governmental Authority or a
domain name registrar, and applications for the foregoing. 

Related Party means a related party within the meaning of
Sections 267(b), 707(b) or 45(e)(4) of the Code. 

Representatives means, with respect to a Person, such Persons
Affiliates and its and their respective officers, directors, managers, partners, members, principals, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, advisors, consultants and other authorized representatives and, for purposes of
Section 6.02, lenders or other debt financing sources of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Required Debt Consents means any and all waivers or consents (which may be effectuated in the form of an amendment or other
modification) required under the Companys guaranty agreements with respect to each of the APAF III Term Loan, the APAF IV Term Loan and the APACF II Facility, in each case as a result of the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto
and as required to effect the Transactions. 

Required Information means (i) the financial information with respect
to the Company that is required to satisfy the condition precedent set forth in paragraph 3 of Exhibit C to the Debt Commitment Letter and (ii) any other pertinent information regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries necessary to complete a
customary confidential information memorandum or similar marketing documents in connection with the Debt Financings. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced by the U.S.
government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State. 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

14 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (or any
successor thereto). 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 

Software means all computer software, including source code, executable code, firmware, electronic databases and other
electronic collections of data. 

State Commission has the meaning set forth in 18 C.F.R. 1.101(k). 

Subsidiary of a Person means any other Person with respect to which the first Person (i) has the right to elect a
majority of the board of directors or other governing body or Persons performing similar functions or (ii) beneficially owns more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock (or of any other form of voting or controlling equity interest in the
case of a Person that is not a corporation), in each case, directly or indirectly through one or more other Persons. 

Superior
Proposal means a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal (except the references therein to fifteen percent (15%) or more shall be replaced by all or substantially all) made by a Third Party that the Company Board
determines in good faith, after consultation with its independent financial advisor and outside legal counsel, (i) is, if accepted, reasonably likely to be consummated on the terms proposed (or, alternatively, at least as likely as the Merger
to be consummated), taking into account any legal, financial, regulatory and stockholder approval requirements, the sources, availability and terms of any financing, financing market conditions and the existence of a financing contingency, breakup
or termination fee or expense reimbursement provisions, the likelihood of termination, the timing of closing, the identity of the Third Party making the proposal and any other aspects or factors considered relevant by the Company Board, and
(ii) taking into account such factors as the Company Board acting in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duties under Applicable Law considers to be appropriate, would result in a transaction that is more favorable from a financial point of
view to the Companys stockholders than the Transactions (if applicable, after taking into account any adjustments or revisions to the terms of this Agreement offered by Parent pursuant to Section 6.02(e) in response
to such proposal). 

Tax means any and all U.S. federal, state or local or
non-U.S. taxes, including any net income, alternative or add-on minimum, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits,
license, registration, recording, documentary, conveyancing, escheat or abandoned property, gains, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, environmental or windfall profit, custom duty or other
similar tax, together with any interest, penalty or addition to tax imposed with respect thereto by any Governmental Authority responsible for the imposition of any such tax. 

Tax Equity Agreements means any and all agreements, documents, instruments, certificates and other writings entered into in
connection with, or relating to, the structuring, formation, financing, operation, management or ownership of a tax equity partnership, tax credit transfer or tax equity financing arrangement involving any Acquired Company, including tax equity
partnership agreements, contribution agreements, lease agreements, pass-through agreements, operating agreements, financing agreements, membership interest purchase agreements, tax credit transfer agreements and guarantees, in each case, entered
into to monetize tax credits under Section 45, Section 48 or Section 6418 of the Code. 

15 

Tax Return means any return, report, declaration, information return or
other document (including schedules or attachments or supplements thereto and amendments thereof) filed or required to be filed with any Governmental Authority in connection with the determination, assessment or collection of any Tax, or the
administration of any laws, regulations or administrative requirements relating to any Tax. 

Third Party means any
Person other than Parent, Merger Sub and their respective Affiliates. 

Transactions means the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Transfer Taxes means all transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp,
registration and other similar Taxes, and all conveyance fees, recording charges and other similar fees and charges incurred in connection with the consummation of the Transactions. 

Unvested Company RSU Award means a Company RSU Award that is not a Vested Company RSU Award. 

Vested Company RSU Award means a Company RSU Award that becomes vested pursuant to the terms governing such Company RSU
Award prior to, or in connection with, the Effective Time, but that is not yet settled as of the Effective Time. 

(b) Each of the
following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term: 

Term 

Section

Adverse Recommendation Change 6.02(c)

Agreement Preamble

Alternative Acquisition Agreement 6.02(a)(ii)

Antitrust Laws 4.03

Book-Entry Share 3.02(a)(ii)

Canceled Shares 3.02(b)

Capitalization Date 4.05(a)

Certificate 3.02(a)(ii)

Certificate of Merger 2.02(b)

Chosen Courts 10.08

Class B Common Stock Conversion 3.01

Closing 2.01

Closing Date 2.01

COBRA 4.16(d)

Company Preamble

Company Board Recitals

Company Board Recommendation 4.02(b)

Company Closing Certificate 8.02(d)

Company Financial Statements 4.06(a)

16 

Term 

Section

Company Fundamental Representations 8.02(a)(i)

Company Licenses 4.10(b)

Company Material Contract 4.09(a)

Company Parties 9.03(c)

Company SEC Documents 4.06(a)

Company Stockholder Meeting 7.02(c)

Company Support Agreements Recitals

Company Supporting Stockholders Recitals

Compensatory Award Fund 3.03(a)

Continuation Period 7.07(a)

Delaware Secretary of State 2.02(b)

DGCL Recitals

Dissenting Share 3.07

DTC 3.03(d)

DTC Payment 3.03(d)

Effective Time 2.02(b)

End Date 9.01(b)

Enforceability Exceptions 4.02(a)

Enforcement Expenses 9.03(g)

Equity Commitment Letter 5.08(b)

Exchange Fund 3.03(a)

Existing Indemnification Obligations 7.04(a)

FERC 203 Approval 4.03

Guarantor Recitals

Guaranty Recitals

Insurance Policies 4.14

Interim Period 6.01(a)

Labor Agreement 4.09(a)(xx)

Maximum Amount 7.04(b)

Merger Recitals

Merger Consideration 3.02(a)(i)

Merger Sub Preamble

Non-Recourse Party 10.09

Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change 6.02(e)

Parent Preamble

Parent Closing Certificate 8.03(c)

Parent Fundamental Representations 8.03(a)(i)

Parent Parties 9.03(e)

Paying Agent 3.03(a)

Post-Closing Cash Award 3.06(a)(ii)

Proxy Date 7.02(c)

Proxy Statement 7.02(a)

Required Company Stockholder Approval 4.21

Remedy Action 7.01(e)

Rollover Agreement Recitals

17 

Term 

Section

Rollover Investors Recitals

Rollover Shares 3.02(a)(i)

RSU Consideration 3.06(a)

Security Incident 4.10(f)

Specified Contractually Indemnified Person 7.04(a)

Specified Contractual Indemnification Provision 7.04(a)

Surviving Corporation 2.02(a)

Takeover Statute 4.22

Terminating Company Breach 9.01(e)

Terminating Parent Breach 9.01(f)

WARN Act 4.16(k)

Section 1.02 Definitional and Interpretative Provisions. 

(a) Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (i) words of any gender include each other gender; (ii) words using the
singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; (iii) the terms hereof, herein, hereby, hereto and derivative or similar words refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (iv) the terms Article or Section refer to the specified Article or Section of this Agreement; (v) whenever the words include,
includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation, and (vi) the word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive and shall have
the meaning and/or. 

(b) The table of contents and headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

(c) Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires,
references to agreements and other documents shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications thereto (subject to the terms and conditions to the effectiveness of such amendments contained herein and therein). 

(d) Words denoting natural persons shall be deemed to include business entities and vice versa and references to a Person are also to its
permitted successors and assigns. 

(e) Terms defined in the text of this Agreement have such meaning throughout this Agreement, unless
otherwise indicated in this Agreement, and all terms defined in this Agreement shall have such meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. 

(f) Any Law defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such Law as from time to time
amended, modified or supplemented and (in the case of statutes) to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, including (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor Laws (provided that for purposes of any
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement that are made as of a specific date or dates, references to any statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute, as amended, and to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, in each
case, as of such date). 

18 

(g) The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the
parties to express their mutual intent and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. 

(h) Whenever this Agreement
refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified. 

(i) When calculating the period
of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded and if the last day of such period is not a
Business Day, the period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(j) The word to the extent shall mean the degree to
which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply if. 

(k) All accounting terms used herein and
not expressly defined herein shall have the meanings given to them under GAAP. 

(l) Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit or Schedule
but not otherwise defined therein, shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. 

(m) The word party shall, unless the
context otherwise requires, be construed to mean a party to this Agreement. Any reference to a party to this Agreement or any other agreement or document contemplated hereby shall include such partys successors and permitted assigns. 

(n) Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all references to dollars or $ shall refer to the lawful currency of the
United States. 

(o) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for purposes of this Agreement, each representation and
warranty in Article IV and Article V is given independent effect so that if a particular representation and warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation and warranty concerning the same or
similar subject matter is correct or is not breached, whether such other representation and warranty is more general or more specific, narrower or broader or otherwise, will not affect the incorrectness or breach of such particular representation
and warranty. 

ARTICLE II. 

THE TRANSACTION 

Section 2.01 The Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the consummation of the
Transactions (the Closing) shall take place at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 811 Main Street, Suite 3700, Houston, TX 77002, at 9:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on the date which is five (5) Business Days after the
date on which all conditions set forth in Section 8.01, Section 8.02 and Section 8.03 shall have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their terms
are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions) or such other time and place as Parent and the Company may mutually agree. The date on which the Closing actually occurs is referred to in this
Agreement as the Closing Date. 

19 

Section 2.02 The Merger. 

(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL, at the Effective Time,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company. As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue its existence as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent under the Laws of the
State of Delaware. The Company, in its capacity as the corporation surviving the Merger, is sometimes referred to in this Agreement as the Surviving Corporation. 

(b) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, as soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall
cause the Merger to be consummated by filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Secretary of State) in accordance with the applicable provisions of the DGCL a certificate of merger in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate of Merger). The Merger shall become effective at the time the Certificate of Merger has been filed with the Delaware Secretary of State or such other time as is agreed by the
parties hereto and specified in the Certificate of Merger (the Effective Time). 

(c) The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in this Agreement, the Certificate of Merger and the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, from and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall possess all rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub, and all of the obligations, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall become the obligations, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation. 

(d) Subject to Section 7.04, at the Effective Time, (i) the certificate of incorporation of the Company in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, and as so amended and restated shall be the
certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, and (ii) the bylaws of the Company in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be amended and restated in their entirety in the form of the bylaws of Merger Sub immediately
prior to the Effective Time, and as so amended and restated shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, in each case, until thereafter amended in accordance with the DGCL and as provided in such certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the
case may be. 

(e) From and after the Effective Time, unless otherwise determined by Parent at least five (5) Business Days prior to
the Effective Time, (i) the officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation and (ii) the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation, in each case, to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their death, resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be. 

20 

ARTICLE III. 

EFFECT OF MERGER ON SECURITIES 

Section 3.01 Conversion of Class B Common Stock. On the Business Day immediately prior to
the Effective Time, each share of Class B Common Stock then issued and outstanding shall be automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock in accordance with the terms of, and subject to the limitations set forth in, the
Company Certificate (such automatic conversion, the Class B Common Stock Conversion), and upon such conversion, each such share of Class B Common Stock shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall
cease to exist, and each former holder of Class B Common Stock shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect to such securities. 

Section 3.02 Effect of Merger on Capital Stock. 

(a) Conversion of Company Common Stock. 

(i) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company or their respective
stockholders, each share of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Class A Common Stock issued upon the Class B Common Stock Conversion, but
excluding any (A) Canceled Shares, (B) Dissenting Shares or (C) shares of Class A Common Stock contributed to Parent by the Rollover Investors (collectively, the Rollover Shares) prior to the Effective Time)
shall be automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $5.00 (such amount of cash, as may be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.02(d), is hereinafter referred to as the Merger
Consideration), payable to the holder thereof, without interest, in accordance with Section 3.03. 

(ii) From and after the Effective Time, all of the shares of Class A Common Stock converted into the Merger Consideration pursuant to
Section 3.02(a)(i) shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate (each, a Certificate) and each holder of a non-certificated share of Class A Common Stock represented by book-entry (each, a Book-Entry Share), in each case, outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time previously representing
any such shares of Class A Common Stock shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect to such securities, except the right to receive, upon surrender of such Certificates or Book-Entry Shares in accordance with
Section 3.03, the Merger Consideration, without interest. 

(b) Cancellation of Company Common Stock. At
the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock that are owned directly by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time or held in treasury of the Company (the Canceled Shares)
shall, by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, automatically be canceled and retired without any conversion thereof and shall cease to exist and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. For the
avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the foregoing, all Rollover Shares contributed to Parent pursuant to the Rollover Agreement shall be governed by the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth therein. 

21 

(c) Conversion of Merger Sub Common Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and
become one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Surviving Corporation. 

(d)
Adjustments to Merger Consideration. Without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, if at any time during the period between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, any change in the outstanding shares of Company Capital
Stock shall occur by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split (including a reverse stock split) or combination, exchange or readjustment of shares, or any stock dividend or stock distribution thereon with a record date during
such period, the Merger Consideration shall be equitably adjusted to provide the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 3.02(d) shall be construed to permit any action that is
otherwise prohibited or restricted by any other provision of this Agreement. 

Section 3.03 Surrender and Payment. 

(a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall select a nationally recognized financial institution (the identity and terms of appointment of
which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company) to act as paying agent in the Merger (the Paying Agent) for the payment of the Merger Consideration in respect of each share of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented by a Certificate and each Book-Entry Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, in each case, other than the Canceled Shares and except for any Dissenting Shares. At or prior to the Effective
Time, Parent shall deposit or cause to be deposited (i) with the Paying Agent, cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration required to be paid by the Paying Agent in accordance with this Agreement (such cash shall be
referred to in this Agreement as the Exchange Fund), and (ii) with the Company, cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate RSU Consideration in accordance with this Agreement (such cash shall be referred to in this
Agreement as the Compensatory Award Fund). In the event the Exchange Fund or the Compensatory Award Fund shall be insufficient to make the payments in connection with the Merger contemplated by
Section 3.02 or Section 3.06, respectively, Parent shall promptly deposit or cause to be deposited additional funds with the Paying Agent or the Company, as applicable, in an amount that is equal
to the deficiency in the amount required to make the applicable payment. The Paying Agent shall, pursuant to irrevocable instructions, deliver the Merger Consideration contemplated to be issued pursuant to Section 3.02(a)
out of the Exchange Fund. Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary to pay the RSU Consideration contemplated to be paid pursuant to Section 3.06 out of the Compensatory Award Fund. The
Exchange Fund and the Compensatory Award Fund shall not be used for any other purpose. 

(b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the
Effective Time and in any event not later than the second (2nd) Business Day following the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Paying Agent to send to each holder of record of a Certificate or
Book-Entry Share that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented shares of Class A Common Stock (other than the Canceled Shares and except for any Dissenting Shares) (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery
shall be effected, and risk of loss and title shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the 

22 

Certificates (or effective affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) or Book-Entry Shares, as applicable, to the Paying Agent) in such form as Parent and the Company may reasonably agree, for use in
effecting delivery of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Paying Agent, and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of Certificates (or effective affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) or Book-Entry Shares, as applicable, in
exchange for the Merger Consideration in such form as Parent and the Company may reasonably agree. 

(c) Upon the surrender of a
Certificate (or affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) or a Book-Entry Share, as applicable, for cancellation to the Paying Agent, together with a letter of transmittal duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and
such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate or Book-Entry Share shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor and Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to pay in exchange therefor, as
promptly as practicable (but in any event within two (2) Business Days), the Merger Consideration pursuant to the provisions of this Article III, and the Certificates or Book-Entry Shares surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the
event of a transfer of ownership of Class A Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, payment of the appropriate amount of Merger Consideration may be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name the
Certificate or Book-Entry Share so surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer (and accompanied by all documents reasonably required by the Paying Agent) or such Book-Entry
Share shall be properly transferred. No interest shall be paid or accrue on any cash payable upon surrender of any Certificate or Book-Entry Share. 

(d) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent and the Company shall cooperate to establish procedures with the Paying Agent and the Depository Trust
Company (DTC) to ensure that, to the extent possible, (i) if the Closing occurs at or prior to 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the Closing Date, the Paying Agent will transmit to DTC or its nominees on the Closing Date an amount
in cash in immediately available funds equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock held of record by DTC or such nominee immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Merger Consideration (such amount, the DTC
Payment), and (ii) if the Closing occurs after 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the Closing Date, the Paying Agent will transmit to DTC or its nominee on the first (1st) Business Day
after the Closing Date an amount in cash in immediately available funds equal to the DTC Payment. 

(e) If any cash payment is to be made
to a Person other than the Person in whose name the applicable surrendered Certificate or Book-Entry Share is registered, it shall be a condition of such payment that the Person requesting such payment shall pay, or cause to be paid, any Transfer
Taxes required by reason of the making of such cash payment to a Person other than the registered holder of the surrendered Certificate or Book-Entry Share or shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Paying Agent that such Taxes have
been paid or are not payable. 

(f) After the Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of Class A
Common Stock. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates or Book-Entry Shares representing shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to
such shares of Class A Common Stock, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or by Applicable Law. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates or Book-Entry Shares are presented to the Paying Agent, the Surviving Corporation or Parent,
they shall be canceled and exchanged for the consideration provided for, and in accordance with the procedures set forth, in this Article III. 

23 

(g) Any portion of the Exchange Fund (including any interest and other income received by
the Paying Agent in respect of all such funds) that remains unclaimed by the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock after the date which is one (1) year following the Effective Time shall be returned to Parent (or its designee as
directed by Parent) upon Parents demand. Any holder of shares of Class A Common Stock who has not exchanged his, her or its Certificates or Book-Entry Shares in accordance with this Section 3.03 prior to that
time shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation for delivery of the Merger Consideration in respect of such holders Certificates or Book-Entry Shares. Parent shall pay all charges and expenses, including those of the Paying Agent,
in connection with the exchange of Certificates or Book-Entry Shares for the Merger Consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent, the Company or the Surviving Corporation, nor any employee, officer, partner, director, manager, agent
or Affiliate of the foregoing, shall be liable to any Person, including any holder of shares of Class A Common Stock or Company Compensatory Awards, including for any Merger Consideration or PSU/RSU Consideration that is required to be
delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Laws. Any portion of the Exchange Fund or Compensatory Award Fund remaining unclaimed as of a date that is immediately prior to such time as such amounts
would otherwise escheat to or become property of any Governmental Authority will, to the extent permitted by Law, become the property of Parent, free and clear of all or any claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto. 

(h) The Paying Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent or, after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation; provided that (i) no such investment shall relieve Parent or the Paying Agent from making the payments required by this Article III, and following any losses, Parent shall promptly provide additional funds to the
Paying Agent to ensure the Exchange Fund is at a level sufficient for the Paying Agent to pay the aggregate remaining cash payments to be paid by the Paying Agent as contemplated by this Article III, (ii) no such investment shall have
maturities that could prevent or delay payments to be made pursuant to this Agreement and (iii) such investments shall be in short-term obligations of the United States of America with maturities of no more than thirty (30) days or
guaranteed by the United States of America and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America. Any interest or income produced by such investments will be payable to Parent or its designee as directed by Parent. 

(i) All Merger Consideration and PSU/RSU Consideration issued or paid upon conversion of the Class A Common Stock (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, Class A Common Stock issued upon the Class B Common Stock Conversion), the Company PSU Awards or the Company RSU Awards, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall be deemed to have been issued
and paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such Class A Common Stock, Company PSU Awards or Company RSU Awards, as the case may be. 

Section 3.04 Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making
of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, and, if required by Parent, the posting by such Person of a bond, in such reasonable and customary amount as Parent may direct, as indemnity
against any claim that may be made with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the shares of Class A Common Stock
represented by such Certificate as contemplated by this Article III. 

24 

Section 3.05 Withholding Rights. Each of Parent, Merger
Sub, the Surviving Corporation, its Subsidiaries and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this Agreement, including consideration payable to any holder or former
holder of Company Compensatory Awards, such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment pursuant to the Code or under any provision of federal, state, local or foreign Tax Law. Parent, Merger Sub, the
Surviving Corporation and the Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to minimize or eliminate such deduction or withholding to the extent permitted by Law. To the extent that amounts
are so deducted or withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Authority by Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation, its Subsidiaries or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. 

Section 3.06 Treatment of Company Compensatory Awards; Company ESPP.

(a) Company RSU Awards. Except as otherwise agreed upon in writing between the holder and Parent prior to the Effective Time, effective
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time:

(i) each Vested Company RSU Award
that remains outstanding immediately prior thereto shall by virtue of the Merger automatically and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders thereof, be canceled and terminated as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest), if any, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Vested Company RSU
Award by (B) the Merger Consideration, less any applicable withholding Taxes (the RSU Consideration). Parent shall cause the RSU Consideration to be paid to each holder of such Vested Company RSU Award through the payroll
system of the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary as soon as practicable following the Closing Date (and in no event later than the next regularly scheduled payroll run of the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary that
occurs at least five (5) Business Days following the Closing); and

(ii) each Unvested Company RSU Award that remains
outstanding immediately prior thereto shall by virtue of the Merger automatically and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders thereof, be canceled and terminated as of immediately prior to the Effective Time
and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest) (a Post-Closing Cash Award), if any, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock
underlying such Unvested Company RSU Award by (B) the Merger Consideration, less any applicable withholding Taxes. Such Post-Closing Cash Award shall vest and become payable pursuant to the same vesting schedule applicable to the Unvested
Company RSU Award from which it was converted (subject to earlier vesting and payment pursuant to any accelerated vesting terms applicable to the original 

25 

Unvested Company RSU Award), subject to the holders continued employment with Parent and its Subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) through the applicable vesting date. Parent
shall cause the Post-Closing Cash Award to be paid to each holder of such Post-Closing Cash Award through the payroll system of the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary as soon as practicable following the date on which such payment
becomes due (and in no event later than the next regularly scheduled payroll run of the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary that occurs at least five (5) Business Days following such date). 

(b) Company PSU Awards. Except as otherwise agreed upon in writing between the holder and Parent prior to the Effective Time, effective
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time: 

(i) each Company Stock Price PSU Award that remains outstanding immediately prior thereto
shall by virtue of the Merger automatically and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders thereof, be canceled and terminated as of immediately prior to the Effective Time for no consideration; 

(ii) each Company TSR PSU Award that remains outstanding immediately prior thereto shall by virtue of the Merger automatically and without any
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders thereof, be canceled and terminated as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into a Post-Closing Cash Award, if any, equal to the product obtained by multiplying
(A) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Company PSU Award (with the Merger Consideration used to determine the Companys percentile rank relative to the applicable peer groups and such
performance-based goals deemed to be achieved based on such relative percentile rank as of the date of this Agreement) by (B) the Merger Consideration. Such Post-Closing Cash Award shall vest and become payable pursuant to the same time-vesting
schedule applicable to the Company TSR PSU Award from which it was converted (subject to earlier vesting and payment pursuant to any accelerated vesting terms applicable to the original Company TSR PSU Award), subject to the holders continued
employment with Parent and its Subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) through the applicable vesting date. Parent shall cause the Post-Closing Cash Award to be paid to each holder of such Post-Closing Cash Award, less any applicable
withholding Taxes, through the payroll system of the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary as soon as practicable following the date on which such payment becomes due (and in no event later than the next regularly scheduled payroll run
of the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary occurring at least five (5) Business Days following such date); and 

(iii)
each Company GW PSU Award that remains outstanding immediately prior thereto shall by virtue of the Merger automatically and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders thereof, be canceled and terminated as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into a Post-Closing Cash Award, if any, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Company PSU Award (with
any per share stock price performance-based goals deemed to be achieved based on the Merger Consideration) by (B) the Merger Consideration. Such Post-Closing Cash Award shall vest and become payable pursuant to the same time-vesting schedule
and based on the achievement of the same installed solar capacity goals applicable to the Company GW PSU Award from which it was converted (subject to earlier vesting and payment 

26 

pursuant to any accelerated vesting terms applicable to the original Company GW PSU Award), subject to the holders continued employment with Parent and its Subsidiaries (including the
Surviving Corporation) through the applicable vesting date. Parent shall cause the Post-Closing Cash Award to be paid to each holder of such Post-Closing Cash Award, less any applicable withholding Taxes, through the payroll system of the Surviving
Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary as soon as practicable following the date on which such payment becomes due (and in no event later than the next regularly scheduled payroll run of the Surviving Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary
occurring at least five (5) Business Days following such date). 

(c) Company ESPP. Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall take all actions with respect to the Company ESPP that are necessary or desirable to provide that subject to the consummation of the Merger, the Company ESPP shall terminate effective immediately prior to the Effective Time. The
Company shall take all actions as are required to ensure that, following the date of this Agreement, no offering period shall commence and no individual shall be permitted to enroll in the Company ESPP during the period from the date of this
Agreement through the Effective Time. 

(d) Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, to the extent that any payment in respect of any Company Compensatory Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, any payment contemplated hereby with respect to such
award shall be made on the applicable settlement date for such Company Compensatory Award in accordance with the applicable awards terms to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 

(e) Required Actions. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company Board (or, if appropriate, any committee thereof administering any Plan)
shall take all such actions as are necessary to (i) approve and effectuate the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.06 and (ii) subject to the consummation of the Merger, terminate the Company Stock Plan,
effective as of the Effective Time, including making any determinations or adopting resolutions of the Company Board or a committee thereof or any administrator of a Plan as may be necessary. 

Section 3.07 Dissenting Shares. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, with respect to
each share of Company Common Stock held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and who has properly exercised appraisal rights of such shares in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL and has not effectively
withdrawn or lost its rights to appraisal (each such share, a Dissenting Share), if any, such Dissenting Shares shall not be converted into a right to receive any portion of the Merger Consideration and the holders thereof shall
be entitled to such rights as are granted by Section 262 of the DGCL. Each holder of Dissenting Shares who becomes entitled to payment for such shares pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL shall receive payment therefor from the Surviving
Corporation in accordance with the DGCL; provided, however, that (x) if any holder of Dissenting Shares, under the circumstances permitted by and in accordance with the DGCL, affirmatively withdraws or loses (through failure to
perfect or otherwise) the right to dissent or its right for appraisal of such Dissenting Shares, (y) if any holder of Dissenting Shares fails to establish his, her or its entitlement to appraisal rights as provided in the DGCL or (z) if a
court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by Section 262 of the DGCL, such holder or holders (as the case may be) shall forfeit the right to appraisal of such shares of

27 

Company Common Stock and such shares of Company Common Stock shall thereupon cease to constitute Dissenting Shares, and each such share of Company Common Stock shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, thereafter be deemed to have been converted into and to have become, as of the Effective Time, the right to receive, without interest thereon, the Merger Consideration in accordance with this Article III. The
Company will give Parent prompt notice of all written demands received by the Company pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL, attempted withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company
relating to stockholders rights of appraisal in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, and the Company will provide Parent the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to all such demands. The Company
will not make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal or settle or offer or agree to settle any such demands for appraisal without the prior written consent of Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed). Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available to the Paying Agent pursuant to Section 3.03 to pay for shares of Company Common Stock for which appraisal rights have been perfected shall be returned to
Parent (or its designee as directed by Parent) on demand. 

ARTICLE IV. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 

Except (a) subject to the terms of Section 10.05, as set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter or (b) as
disclosed in the publicly available Company SEC Documents filed with or furnished to the SEC on or after January 1, 2022 but prior to the date of this Agreement (excluding any disclosures of factors or risks contained or references therein
under the captions Risk Factors or Forward Looking Statements, qualitative disclosures in any Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk and any other statements that are predictive, cautionary or
forward-looking in nature), provided, that nothing disclosed in the Company SEC Documents will be deemed to modify or qualify the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.05, the Company represents and
warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows: 

Section 4.01 Corporate Existence and Power. 

(a) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. The Company
has all corporate power and authority required to own, lease and operate its assets and carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to have such power and authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be material to the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and, where such concept is recognized, is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Each of the Subsidiaries of the Company (i) has been duly organized and is validly existing and, where such concept is recognized, in
good standing under the Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; (ii) is duly qualified to do business and, where such concept is recognized, is in good standing as a foreign entity in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of
its business or the activities in which it is engaged makes such licensing or qualification necessary, 

28 

except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) has all corporate power and authority
required to carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to have such power and authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole. 

Section 4.02 Corporate Authorization. 

(a) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Company Support Agreements, to
perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and, subject, in the case of the Merger, to the receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Approval, to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement and the Company Support Agreements have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company Board, subject, in the case of the Merger, to the receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Approval,
and no other vote or corporate proceedings on the part of the Company or its stockholders are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or for the Company to consummate the Transactions (other than, with respect to the
Merger, the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State). This Agreement and the Company Support Agreements have been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery by of the other parties to this Agreement and the Company Support Agreements, constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except that (i) such
enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and (ii) the availability of remedies of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any Proceeding therefor may be brought (collectively, the Enforceability
Exceptions). 

(b) The Company Board has duly adopted resolutions (i) determining this Agreement and the Transactions,
including the Merger, are advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approving this Agreement and the Transactions, including the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, (iii) directing that the adoption of this Agreement be submitted to a vote of the Companys stockholders at the Company Stockholder Meeting and (iv) recommending that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of the
adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger in accordance with the DGCL (such recommendation, the Company Board Recommendation). 

Section 4.03 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions require no consent, waiver, permit, approval or authorization of, filing or registration with or notice to, any Governmental Authority other than (a) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is qualified to do business, (b) compliance with and filings or
notifications under any applicable requirements of the HSR Act and any other competition, antitrust, merger control or investment (including foreign direct investment) Laws (together with the HSR Act, Antitrust Laws) as set forth
on Section 4.03 of the Company 

29 

Disclosure Letter, (c) compliance with any applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any other applicable U.S. state or federal securities, takeover or blue
sky Laws, (d) such other items required solely by reason of the participation of Parent or Merger Sub in the Transactions, (e) compliance with any applicable rules of the NYSE, (f) as required pursuant to Section 203 of the
FPA (the FERC 203 Approval), and (g) where failure to take any such actions or filings would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 4.04 Non-Contravention. Except as set forth on
Section 4.04 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the consummation by the Company of the Transactions and the compliance by the Company with any of the
provisions of this Agreement do not and will not (a) contravene, conflict with or result in any violation or breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or comparable organizational documents) of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, (b) assuming that the consents, approvals, authorizations and filings referred to in Section 4.03 have been obtained or made, any applicable waiting periods referred to therein have terminated or
expired and any condition precedent to any such consent has been satisfied or waived, and subject to obtaining the Required Company Stockholder Approval, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any Applicable Law, or
(c) assuming that the consents, approvals, authorizations and filings referred to in Section 4.03 have been obtained or made, any applicable waiting periods referred to therein have terminated or expired and any
condition precedent to any such consent has been satisfied or waived, and subject to obtaining the Required Company Stockholder Approval, require any consent by any Person under, constitute a material default, or an event that, with or without
notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material default, under, or cause or permit the termination, cancellation, repayment, acceleration or other material change of any right or obligation or the loss of any material benefit to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled under, or give rise to any right of first refusal or preemptive right, tag-along, transfer or similar right of any party under, any Company Material Contract.

Section 4.05 Capitalization; Subsidiaries. 

(a) As of the close of business on February 5, 2025 (the Capitalization Date), (i) the authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of (A) 988,591,250 shares of Class A Common Stock, (B) 1,408,750 shares of Class B Common Stock and (C) 10,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock and (ii) there were outstanding (A) 159,999,752 shares of
Class A Common Stock, (B) 796,950 shares of Class B Common Stock, (C) zero shares of Company Preferred Stock, (D) Company RSU Awards covering an aggregate of 5,201,593 shares of Company Common Stock and (E) Company PSU
Awards covering an aggregate of 4,184,904 shares of Company Common Stock (assuming that applicable performance goals are achieved at target levels). 

(b) As of the Capitalization Date, (i) 21,606,138 shares of Class A Common Stock under the Company Stock Plan remain available for
issuance pursuant to the Company Stock Plan and (ii) 4,622,020 shares of Class A Common Stock under the Company ESPP remain available for issuance pursuant to the Company ESPP. As of the date of this Agreement, no offering period is in effect
and no individuals are enrolled in the Company ESPP. All outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock have been, and all shares that may be issued pursuant to the Company Stock 

30 

Plan and the Class B Common Stock Conversion will be, when issued in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and
are not or will not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights. Section 4.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains, as of the Capitalization Date, a complete and correct list of each outstanding Company PSU Award
and Company RSU Award, including the holder, date of grant, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Company Compensatory Award as of the date of this Agreement (with Company PSU Awards disclosed assuming that applicable
performance goals are achieved at target levels), vesting commencement date, vesting schedule and acceleration provisions (including whether the Company PSU Award is a Company TSR PSU Award, Company GW PSU Award or Company Stock Price
PSU Award). 

(c) Except as provided in Section 4.05(a) and for changes since the Capitalization Date resulting
from the vesting, settlement or other conversion to Class A Common Stock of Company Compensatory Awards outstanding on such date or granted after the date of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or pursuant to the
Class B Common Stock Conversion, there are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests of the Company, (ii) securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable or measured by
reference to the value of for shares of capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests of the Company or (iii) options or other rights to acquire from the Company, or other obligation of the Company to issue, any capital stock,
voting securities or other equity interests, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests of the Company. 

(d) Each Subsidiary of the Company on the date hereof is listed on Section 4.05(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter.
As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any (i) interests in a joint venture or, directly or indirectly, equity securities or other similar equity interests in any Person or (ii) obligations,
whether contingent or otherwise, to consummate any material additional investment in any Person. 

(e) All outstanding shares of capital
stock of, voting securities of and other equity interests in each of the Subsidiaries of the Company are and have been validly issued, fully paid (to the extent required under the applicable governing documents) and nonassessable, and all such
shares, voting interests or other equity interests are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and are not subject to any preemptive or similar rights (including any restriction on the
right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests). No Subsidiary of the Company has or is bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments, rights agreements or
other agreements calling for it to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold any of its equity securities or any securities convertible into, exchangeable for or representing the right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise
receive any such equity security or obligating such Subsidiary to grant, extend or enter into any such subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments, rights agreements or other similar agreements (except, in each case, to or with the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries). There are no outstanding contractual obligations of any Subsidiary of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of its capital stock or other equity interests. 

31 

(f) Except for the Company Support Agreements and as set forth on
Section 4.05(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound relating to the
voting of any shares of capital stock or other equity interest of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No Subsidiary of the Company owns any shares of Class A Common Stock or any other shares of Company Capital Stock. 

Section 4.06 Company SEC Documents; Company Financial Statements; Disclosure Controls. 

(a) Since December 31, 2022, the Company has timely filed with or otherwise furnished to (as applicable) the SEC all forms, documents and
reports required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC (such forms, documents and reports so filed or furnished by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with the SEC since such date, as have been supplemented, modified or amended since the
time of filing, collectively, the Company SEC Documents). As of its filing date, or, if amended, as of the date of the last such amendment, each Company SEC Document complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as the case may be, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Document, and none of the Company SEC Documents at the
time they were filed or furnished contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading (or, in the case of a Company SEC Document that is a registration statement, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant to the Securities Act, as of the date such registration statement or
amendment became effective, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading); provided, however, that
no representation is made as to the accuracy of any financial projections or forward-looking statements or the completeness of any information furnished by the Company to the SEC solely for the purposes of complying with Regulation FD promulgated
under the Exchange Act. The consolidated financial statements (including all related notes and schedules) of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents (collectively, the Company Financial Statements) (i) have been prepared
in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated therein or in the notes thereto) and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position and the
consolidated statement of income, cash flows and shareholders equity of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods referred to therein (subject, in the case of unaudited interim statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments, to the absence of notes and to any other adjustments described therein, including in any notes thereto). To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company SEC Documents are subject to
ongoing SEC review or an outstanding SEC investigation and there are no unresolved comments received from the SEC with respect to any of the Company SEC Documents, or any resolved comments from the SEC that have not yet been reflected in the Company
SEC Documents. 

32 

(b) The Acquired Companies have established and maintain disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting (as such terms are defined in paragraphs (e) and (f), respectively, of Rules 13a-15 and
15d-15 of the Exchange Act) as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Such disclosure controls
and procedures (i) have been designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated Subsidiaries, required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the Companys principal executive officer and its principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, (ii) are sufficient to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (iii) have been designed and maintained to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Companys financial reporting and the preparation of the Company Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. There (x) is no significant deficiency or
material weakness in the design or operation of the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) utilized by the Company or its Subsidiaries,
(y) is not, and since January 1, 2023, has not been, any illegal act or fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls, and (z) is not,
and since January 1, 2023, there has not been, any extensions of credit (within the meaning of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or prohibited loans to any executive officer of the Company (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act) or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company have made all certifications
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Exchange Act and any related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC with respect to the Company SEC Documents, and the statements contained in such certifications were complete and correct as of the
dates they were made. 

Section 4.07 Absence of Certain Changes. From December 31, 2023 until and
including the date of this Agreement, except as set forth on Section 4.07 of the Company Disclosure Letter, (a) a Company Material Adverse Effect has not occurred, and (b) the business of the Acquired Companies
has been conducted, in all material respects, in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and with modifications to past practice as publicly announced in the Company SEC Documents or otherwise disclosed to Parent prior to the date of this
Agreement. Since the Company Balance Sheet Date, except as set forth on Section 4.07 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Acquired Company has taken or omitted to take any action that would have constituted a breach of the
covenants set forth in clauses (i) (solely with respect to the Company), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vii), (viii), (x), (xi), (xii), (xiii), (xvii) and
(xviii) of Section 6.01(b) or required Parents consent to take (or omit to take) such action had such clauses of Section 6.01(b) been in effect from and after the Company Balance
Sheet Date. 

Section 4.08 No Undisclosed Liabilities.There is no liability, debt or obligation of or claim against an Acquired Company of a type required to be reflected or reserved for on a consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP or disclosed in the notes thereto, except for
liabilities and obligations (a) reflected, disclosed or reserved for on the Company Balance Sheet or disclosed in the notes thereto included in the Company SEC Documents, (b) that have arisen since the Company Balance Sheet Date in the
ordinary course of the operation of business of the Acquired Companies (none of which is a liability relating to or arising from breach of Contract, tort, violation of Law or infringement or misappropriation or a claim or lawsuit or an environmental
liability), (c) incurred in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions, (d) which have been discharged or paid, (e) disclosed in Section 4.08 of the Company Disclosure Letter or (f) which has not had,
and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

33 

Section 4.09 Company Material Contracts. 

(a) Section 4.09(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date hereof, a true and complete list of
each Contract, excluding any Plans, to which an Acquired Company is a party, and which falls within any of the following categories: 

(i)
any joint venture or partnership agreement that is material to the operation of the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole; 

(ii) Contracts
(other than (A) purchase orders and statements of work and (B) Contracts of the type (without giving effect to dollar thresholds) described in other clauses of this Section 4.09(a)) with any Person that the
Acquired Companies reasonably expect will involve annual payments by or to the Acquired Companies in excess of $10,000,000; 

(iii) any
Contract for the sale of electric energy, capacity, other power attributes, ancillary services, or renewable energy credits, or that otherwise provides revenue certainty, including any hedging arrangements, revenue puts or collars, with respect to
any solar photovoltaic project or battery energy storage system, in each case, in excess of (individually) $2,000,000 per annum; 

(iv) any
Contract for electrical interconnection entered into in connection with any Project with generation capacity of at least 7 MWdc; 

(v) each
operation and maintenance, engineering, procurement and construction, or administration and management Contract in respect of a solar photovoltaic project or battery energy storage system, in each case, in excess of (individually) $10,000,000 per
annum for projects that are still active or pending or in excess of $10,000,000 during the twelve (12) month period ended December 31, 2024; 

(vi) any construction Contract that provides for any spend in excess of $10,000,000 after the date of this Agreement; 

(vii) any Contract with any supplier, vendor or subcontractor for components or to provide services for integration or other manufacturing to
which the Acquired Companies had aggregate payment obligations in excess of $10,000,000 during the twelve (12) month period ended December 31, 2024; 

(viii) any Contract with any Governmental Authority associated with any Project with generation capacity of at least 3 MWdc; 

(ix) any Contract relating to indebtedness for borrowed money or any financial guaranty, surety or other Contract under which any Acquired
Company (A) has created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed any other Persons indebtedness, (B) has the right to draw upon credit that has been extended for indebtedness or (C) has granted a Lien on its assets, whether tangible or
intangible, to secure any indebtedness, in each case, in excess of $10,000,000 individually; 

34 

(x) any Contract that (A) requires any Acquired Company to conduct any business on a
most favored nations basis with any Third Party or (B) provides for exclusivity or any similar requirement in favor of any Third Party, except in the case of each
of clauses (A) and (B), for such restrictions, requirements and provisions that are not material to the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(xi) any Contract that (A) purports to limit in any material respect either the type of business in which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (or, after the Effective Time, Parent or its Subsidiaries) may engage or the locations in which any of them may so engage in any business, (B) requires the disposition of any material assets or line of business of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries for less than fair market value (or, after the Effective Time, Parent or its Subsidiaries), or (C) otherwise contains a restrictive covenant agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement), exclusivity agreement or a
most favored nation provision with respect to any Person; 

(xii) any Contract that would reasonably be expected to require the
disposition of any assets or line of business of the Company or its Subsidiaries (or, after the Effective Time, Parent or its Subsidiaries) for which the aggregate consideration (or the fair market value of such consideration, if non-cash) exceeds $10,000,000; 

(xiii) any Contract involving the pending acquisition, sale
or other disposition of any assets, business entity or division of any Person (including through merger or consolidation or the purchase of a controlling equity interest in or assets of such Person or by any other manner) for which the aggregate
consideration (or the fair market value of such consideration, if non-cash) exceeds $10,000,000; 

(xiv) any Contract relating to an acquisition, divestiture, merger or similar transaction that has continuing indemnification, guarantee, earn-out or other contingent payment obligations on an Acquired Company pursuant to which an Acquired Company reasonably expects that it is required to pay total consideration in excess of $10,000,000;

(xv) Contracts for Leased Real Property involving annual payments equal to or exceeding $350,000 per annum as of the date of this
Agreement; 

(xvi) any Contract between or among any Acquired Company, on the one hand, and any current or former directors, executive
officers (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) or any beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or more of any class of Company Capital Stock (other than the Company) or any Affiliate of the foregoing, on the other hand, in excess of $120,000;

(xvii) any indemnification agreement or other Contract providing any Existing Indemnification Obligations (excluding, for the avoidance
of doubt, the Acquired Companies certificates of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents), in each case, between or among any Acquired Company, on the one hand, and any current or former director, officer or employee of an
Acquired Company, on the other hand; 

(xviii) any Contract that by its terms limits the payment of dividends or other distributions to
shareholders by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company; 

35 

(xix) the Tax Equity Agreements associated with any transaction pursuant to which an
Acquired Company received or reasonably expects to receive payments, or has potential indemnification or other obligations, in each case, in excess of $10,000,000 individually; 

(xx) any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with a union, works council, labor organization, or other employee representative
(each, a Labor Agreement); 

(xxi) each Contract that is a settlement, conciliation or similar agreement with any Person
or any Governmental Authority or pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will have any material outstanding obligation after the date of this Agreement; 

(xxii) any Contract (A) providing for the licensing of material Intellectual Property Rights from or to an Acquired Company (whether as
licensee or licensor), (B) primarily relating to the development of material Intellectual Property Rights (other than Intellectual Property Rights assignment agreements entered into with employees and contractors in the ordinary course of business)
or (C) restricting an Acquired Companys ability to use, license or enforce any material Intellectual Property Rights owned by such Acquired Company including
consent-to-use,covenant-not-to-sue, coexistence,
concurrent use, or settlement agreements; excluding, in each case, non-exclusive licenses granted by any Acquired Company to customers or end-users in the ordinary
course of business, and licenses for unmodified, commercial software with aggregate license fee or annual payments of less than $250,000; 

(xxiii) (A) any other material contract (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC) or (B) other Contract filed as an exhibit to any Company SEC Document; and 

(xxiv) any legally binding commitment to enter into any of the Contracts of the type described in this
Section 4.09(a). 

Each Contract of the type described in this Section 4.09(a), other
than this Agreement, is referred to herein as a Company Material Contract. True and complete copies of each Company Material Contract, as of the date of this Agreement, have been made available by the Company to Parent, or
publicly filed with the SEC. 

(b) As of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth on Section 4.09(b) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, (i) each Company Material Contract is a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company, of the other party or parties thereto, in
accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions; (ii) each Company Material Contract is in full force and effect, except to the extent any Company Material Contract expires or terminates in accordance with its terms in the
ordinary course of business; (iii) there are no disputes pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to any Company Material Contract and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of any
violation or default under any Company Material Contract or any written notice of the intention of any other party to any Company Material Contract to terminate any such Company Material Contract for default, convenience or otherwise and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, no party is threatening to do so; (iv) each Acquired Company has in all material respects performed all obligations required to be performed by it 

36 

under each Company Material Contract; and (v) no counterparty to a Tax Equity Agreement has made a claim or demand, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened to make a claim or demand,
for (A) indemnification, (B) payment under a guarantee, (C) diversion of distributions otherwise payable to an Acquired Company or (D) manager or managing member removal, in each case, against an Acquired Company under a Tax Equity
Agreement. 

Section 4.10 Compliance with Applicable Laws; Company Licenses; Data Privacy & Security. 

(a) Except with respect to matters set forth on Section 4.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the business of
the Acquired Companies is currently being conducted, and for the past three (3) years, has been conducted, in compliance with all Applicable Laws in all material respects. 

(b) Except as set forth on Section 4.10(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Acquired Companies hold, and are in
compliance in all material respects with, all permits, approvals, licenses and other authorizations, including franchises and ordinances issued or granted to the Acquired Companies by a Governmental Authority (the Company
Licenses) that are required for the Acquired Companies to conduct their business. To the Knowledge of the Company, each Company License required for the development, design, construction, operation, ownership, use or maintenance of any
projects in development by the Acquired Companies will be obtained without material unanticipated cost or material adverse conditions prior to the time the same is required to be obtained under Applicable Law. 

(c) Each Company License is valid and in full force and effect and has not, during the past three (3) years, been suspended, revoked,
canceled or adversely modified, except where the failure thereof to be in full force and effect, or the suspension, revocation, cancellation or modification thereof, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. No Company License is subject to any conditions or requirements that have not been imposed generally upon licenses in the same service, unless such conditions or requirements are set forth on the face of the applicable authorization or has
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, during the past three (3) years, there has not been any event, condition or circumstance that would preclude any Company
License from being renewed in the ordinary course (to the extent that such Company License is renewable by its terms), except where the failure thereof to be renewed has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. 

(d) The licensee of each Company License is in compliance with such Company License and, during the past three (3) years,
has fulfilled and performed all of its obligations with respect thereto, except in each case, where such failure to comply, fulfill or perform its obligations has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. 

(e) Except as set forth on Section 4.10(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter, in connection with its
processing, collection, storage, transfer or use of any Personal Information, the Acquired Companies comply, and in the last three (3) years have complied, with all Data Security Requirements in all material respects. 

37 

(f) The Acquired Companies have commercially reasonable physical, technical, organizational
and administrative security measures in place designed to protect all Personal Information in the possession of or processed by the Acquired Companies from and against breaches, unauthorized processing, access, use or disclosure thereof (each, a
Security Incident). In the last three (3) years, none of the Acquired Companies have (i) been required to notify any Person of any Security Incident or any noncompliance with any Data Security Requirement or
(ii) received written communication or complaints from any Person or Governmental Authority, or been the subject of any Proceeding with respect to any Security Incident or non-compliance with any Data
Security Requirements, except, in each case, as would not be material to the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole. In the last three (3) years, there have been no material Security Incidents. 

(g) None of the Acquired Companies, nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees or, to the Knowledge of the Company, agents or
representatives, is or during the past five (5) years has been (i) the subject of Sanctions or owned fifty percent (50%) or more by any Person that is the subject of Sanctions or (ii) the subject of any allegation, voluntary
disclosure, investigation, prosecution or enforcement action related to potential violations of Anti-Corruption, Sanctions, or Ex-Im Laws, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no such matters are threatened.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are, as of the date of this Agreement, and during the past five (5) years have been, in compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions and Ex-Im Laws in
all material respects. 

Section 4.11 Litigation. Except as set forth on
Section 4.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no, and for the past three (3) years, there have not been, any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, material Proceedings by or against an
Acquired Company. There is no material outstanding Governmental Order binding upon an Acquired Company. 

Section 4.12 Real Property. 

(a) Section 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a complete and correct list, as of the date of this
Agreement, of all Company Owned Real Property. Except as set forth on Section 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter or except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, as of the date
of this Agreement, an Acquired Company owns such Company Owned Real Property in fee (or the equivalent interest in the applicable jurisdiction), subject only to Permitted Liens. 

(b) Section 4.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a complete and correct list, as of the date of this
Agreement, of all Leased Real Property. Except as set forth on Section 4.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter or except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, as of the date of this
Agreement, (i) an Acquired Company has a valid and enforceable leasehold estate in all Leased Real Property, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions and any Permitted Liens and (ii) no Acquired Company has received any written notice from
any lessor of such Leased Real Property of, nor does the Company have Knowledge of the existence of, any default, event or circumstance that, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default by the party that is the lessee or lessor
of such Leased Real Property. 

38 

Section 4.13 Intellectual Property. 

(a) Section 4.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter accurately identifies as of the date hereof each item of
Registered IP and the jurisdiction in which such item of Registered IP has been registered or filed and the applicable application, registration, or serial or other similar identification number. An Acquired Company exclusively owns all right, title
and interest in and to the Company IP free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens), and the Acquired Companies have sufficient and legal rights to use all material Intellectual Property that is used in or necessary for the operation of
their respective businesses as currently conducted. As of the date of this Agreement, none of the material Company IP is subject to any Proceeding or pending challenge received by any Acquired Company in writing challenging the ownership, validity
or enforceability of any Registered IP, and in the last three (3) years, none of the Company IP has been subject to any Proceeding or written threat challenging the same; in each case, other than office actions or similar ex parte
proceedings in connection with the prosecution of applications for Registered IP. 

(b) Neither the Acquired Companies nor the operations
of their respective businesses are currently infringing, misappropriating, diluting, or otherwise violating any Intellectual Property Right of any other Person in any material respect, nor in the past three (3) years have infringed,
misappropriated, diluted, or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property Rights of any Third Party in any material respect. No Proceeding is pending or, during the three (3) years prior to the date of this Agreement, has been pending or
threatened in writing (including unsolicited offers, demands, or requests to license or cease and desist letters) against any Acquired Company alleging that such Acquired Company has infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated any
Intellectual Property Rights of another Person in any material respect. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Third Party is infringing, misappropriating, diluting, or otherwise violating any Company IP, nor has any Third Party done so in the past
three (3) years. No Governmental Order, and no agreement, consent or stipulation exists which places material restrictions on the Acquired Companies use of any material Company IP. 

(c) The Acquired Companies have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect and preserve the confidentiality of all trade secrets and other
material confidential information of the Acquired Companies. All material Intellectual Property Rights developed by past or current employees, consultants, or independent contractors of any of the Acquired Companies have been assigned to the
relevant Acquired Company in writing, except to the extent that ownership of such Intellectual Property Rights vests in such Acquired Company by operation of Law. Each Person with access to trade secrets or other material confidential information of
the Acquired Companies has signed an agreement with reasonable confidentiality obligations or is otherwise bound by legal or binding ethical confidentiality obligations with respect thereto. To the Companys Knowledge, no such employee,
consultant, or independent contractor is in violation of any such obligation in any material respect. 

(d) None of the material Company
Software incorporates, links to, or is distributed with any other Software that is subject to any open source, copyleft or analogous license (including any license approved by the Open Source Initiative and listed at
http://www.opensource.org/licenses, GPL, AGPL or other open source software license) in a manner that has or would (i) require any public distribution of any such Company Software, (ii) 

39 

create obligations for the Acquired Companies to grant to any Third Party any rights or immunities under any Company IP, (iii) impose any requirement that any other licensee of such Company
Software be permitted to modify, make derivative works of, or reverse-engineer such Company Software, or (iv) limit or restrict the fees that the Acquired Companies may charge licensees or users of such Company Software. No source code of any
material Company Software has been disclosed, released, made available, or delivered (and no Person has agreed, on a contingent or present basis, to disclose, release, or deliver such source code under any circumstance) to any Third Party, other
than contractors performing services for an Acquired Company, which contractors are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of such source code. 

(e) The Company IT Assets are functional and sufficient in all material respects as required by the Acquired Companies for the operation of
the businesses of the Acquired Companies as currently conducted. The Acquired Companies take and have taken commercially reasonable steps designed (i) to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of the Company IT Assets and all
information stored or contained therein or processed thereby from any unauthorized access or use by or disclosure to, any Person and (ii) to prevent the introduction of viruses, bugs, disabling codes, spyware, Trojan horses, backdoors, worms
and other malicious code into the Company IT Assets and Company Software. The Acquired Companies have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable data backup, data security, and disaster recovery plans, procedures and facilities. The material
Company Software functions in all material respects in accordance with its specifications when used in accordance with such specifications and related documentation. During the three (3) years prior to the date of this Agreement, there have not
been any unauthorized intrusions or breaches of security with respect to the Company IT Assets, which have resulted in the unauthorized access, use, disclosure, deletion, destruction, modification, encryption or corruption of any material data or
information contained therein or processed thereby. 

(f) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the
consummation by the Company of the Transactions and the compliance by the Company with any of the provisions of this Agreement will not result in the loss, termination or impairment of any rights of the Acquired Companies in any Company IT Assets or
Intellectual Property Rights, in each case, that are material to their businesses (whether or not constituting Company IP), or result in the imposition on any Acquired Company an obligation to pay any additional consideration for the continued use
of any such Company IT Assets or Intellectual Property Rights. 

Section 4.14 Insurance Coverage. The
Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of all material insurance policies and all material self-insurance programs and arrangements relating to the business, assets and operations of the Acquired Companies (the
Insurance Policies). Each of the Insurance Policies is in full force and effect, all premiums due thereon have been paid in full and the Acquired Companies are in compliance in all respects with the terms and conditions of such
Insurance Policies, except, in each case, which would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action that (including with respect to the Transactions), with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or default, or permit a termination of any of the Insurance Policies. Except as has not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, as of the date of this Agreement, no written notice of cancellation or termination has been received with respect to any Insurance Policy. 

40 

Section 4.15 Tax Matters. 

(a) All material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to an Acquired Company have been timely filed with the appropriate
Governmental Authority (taking into account any extension of time within which to file) and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects. 

(b) All material Taxes of each Acquired Company that are due and payable (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid in
full except for any Taxes being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP. 

(c) All withholding Tax requirements imposed on or with respect to the Acquired Companies have been complied with in all material respects,
and all material Taxes required to be withheld have been timely withheld or collected and timely paid in full to the appropriate Governmental Authority, or are properly holding for timely payment in full. 

(d) Each Acquired Company has complied with all information reporting related to Taxes (and related withholding) and record retention
requirements in all material respects. 

(e) No deficiency for any material amount of Taxes has been asserted in writing or assessed by any
Governmental Authority against any Acquired Company, except for deficiencies that have been satisfied by payment, settled, withdrawn or otherwise resolved in full. 

(f) There are no outstanding audits or examinations by any Governmental Authority ongoing or pending with respect to any material Taxes of any
Acquired Company, and no such audits or examinations have been threatened in writing to or with respect to any Acquired Company. 

(g)
There are no waivers or extensions of any statute of limitations currently in effect with respect to Taxes of any Acquired Company (other than extensions that arise as a result of filing Tax Returns by the extended due date therefor). 

(h) There are no Liens for material Taxes upon any property or assets of any Acquired Company, except for Permitted Liens. 

(i) (A) None of the Acquired Companies is a party to any Tax allocation, sharing or indemnity contract or arrangement (other than
(x) an agreement or arrangement solely between or among two or more Acquired Companies, or (y) any customary Tax sharing or indemnification provisions contained in any commercial agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business
and not primarily relating to Tax) and (B) no Acquired Company has (i) been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common parent of which is or was an Acquired Company)
or (ii) any liability for Taxes of any Person (other than an Acquired Company) under Treasury Regulations 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or
non-U.S. Law) or as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise under Applicable Law. 

41 

(j) No Acquired Company has participated, or is currently participating, in a listed
transaction, as defined in Treasury Regulations 1.6011-4(b)(2) (or any similar or analogous provision of state or local law). 

(k) No written claim has been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where any Acquired Company does not currently file a Tax
Return that it is or may be subject to any material Tax in such jurisdiction, nor has any such assertion been threatened or proposed in writing and received by any Acquired Company. 

(l) No Acquired Company will be required to include any material item of income, or exclude any material item of deduction, in the computation
of taxable income for any taxable period or portion thereof ending after the Closing Date as a result of (i) any installment sale or open transaction disposition prior to the Closing Date, (ii) any prepaid amount received or deferred
revenue accrued prior to the Closing Date, (iii) any change of, or use of any invalid, method of Tax accounting or (iv) any closing agreement, or intercompany transaction made or entered into prior to the Closing Date, in each case, in
relation to any Acquired Company. 

(m) No Acquired Company has made any election pursuant to Section 965(h) of the Code. 

(n) No Acquired Company has requested, has received or is subject to any written ruling of a Governmental Authority that will be binding on it
for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date or has entered into any closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or
non-U.S. Law). 

(o) The Company is, and has been since formation, properly classified as a C
corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes. 

(p) None of the Acquired Companies has constituted a distributing
corporation or a controlled corporation in a distribution of stock intended to qualify under Section 355 of the Code (or under so much of Section 356 of the Code as relates to Section 355 of the Code) (A) in the
two (2) years prior to the date of this Agreement or (B) as part of a plan or series of related transactions (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the Transactions. 

Section 4.16 Employees and Employee Benefit Plans. 

(a) Section 4.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete list of each material Plan (including
each PEO Plan), but which shall exclude (i) any Plan that is an employment offer letter or individual independent contractor or consultant agreement that (A) does not materially differ from the applicable form set forth on
Section 4.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (B) does not provide for annual base cash compensation that could equal or exceed $300,000, (C) does not provide for (x) any change in control, retention or other
payments or benefits that could be triggered solely by the consummation of the Transactions, or (y) severance payments or benefits (other than statutory payments or benefits under Applicable Laws) and (D) can be terminated upon sixty
(60) days notice or less without further payment, liability or obligation (other than as required by Applicable Laws) and (ii) any individual award agreement evidencing Company Compensatory Awards that is on a form that does not
materially differ from the applicable form set forth on Section 4.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter. 

42 

(b) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in a material liability to an Acquired Company, (i) each Plan (other than PEO Plans) and, to the Knowledge of the Company with respect to Acquired Company employees, each PEO Plan, that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code either has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or may rely upon a favorable prototype opinion letter from the IRS as to its qualified status, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred since the date of
the latest favorable determination letter or prototype opinion letter, as applicable, that would reasonably be expected to cause the loss of qualification of any such Plan, and (ii) each Plan (other than PEO Plans) and, to the Knowledge of the
Company with respect to Acquired Company employees, each PEO Plan has been maintained, established, funded, and administered in accordance and in compliance with their terms and ERISA, the Code and other Applicable Laws. 

(c) No Plan is a Multiemployer Plan, a defined benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) or any other pension plan
that is subject to Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 or 430 of the Code, a multiple employer plan (within the meaning of Section 210 of ERISA or Section 413(c) of the Code) (excluding PEO Plans), or a
multiple employer welfare arrangement (within the meaning of Section 3(40) of ERISA) (excluding PEO Plans). Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or has, within the past six
(6) years, sponsored, maintained or contributed to, a Multiemployer Plan or a defined benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) or any other pension plan subject to Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or
Section 412 or 430 of the Code. 

(d) No Plan (other than PEO Plans) and, with respect to Acquired Company employees, no PEO Plan
provides for retiree or post-employment health or welfare benefits, other than (i) health care continuation coverage required by Section 4980B of the Code (COBRA) or other Applicable Law for which the covered Person pays
the full cost of coverage, (ii) coverage through the end of the calendar month in which a termination of employment occurs as provided under the terms of the Plan (and underlying insurance policies) or (iii) pursuant to an applicable
agreement, plan or policy requiring the Company or any Subsidiary to pay or subsidize COBRA premiums for a terminated employee following the employees termination. 

(e) Except as set forth in Section 4.16(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter or required by the terms of this
Agreement, neither the execution by the Company of this Agreement nor the consummation of the Transactions could (either alone or in combination with the occurrence of any additional or subsequent events): (i) increase the amount of compensation or
benefits due to any current or former employee, director or individual independent contractor or consultant of an Acquired Company; (ii) entitle any current or former employee, director or other individual independent contractor or consultant
of an Acquired Company to any payment of compensation or benefits; (iii) accelerate the vesting, funding or time of payment of any compensation, equity award or other benefit; or (iv) result in the payment of any excess parachute
payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code. 

43 

(f) No Acquired Company has any current or contingent obligation to indemnify, gross-up, reimburse or otherwise make whole any Person for any Taxes, including those imposed under Section 4999 or Section 409A of the Code (or any corresponding provisions of state, local or foreign Tax
law). 

(g) Each Plan that constitutes in any part a nonqualified deferred compensation plan (as defined under
Section 409A(d)(1) of the Code) subject to Section 409A of the Code has been operated and administered in all material respects in operational compliance with, and is in all material respects in documentary compliance with,
Section 409A of the Code and all IRS guidance promulgated thereunder.

(h)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to an Acquired Company, (i) no Acquired Company has incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any Tax or other penalty with
respect to the reporting requirements under Sections 6055 and 6056 of the Code, as applicable, or under Section 4980B, 4980D or 4980H of the Code, (ii) there are no Proceedings (other than routine claims for benefits) pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to any Plan (other than PEO Plans) and, to the Knowledge of the Company with respect to Acquired Company employees, any PEO Plan, and (iii) with respect to any Plan (other than PEO Plans) and,
with respect to Acquired Company employees, any PEO Plan, there has been no prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA and no breach of fiduciary duty (as determined under
ERISA) has occurred within the past three (3) years. 

(i) With respect to each material Plan, the Company has delivered to Parent,
correct and complete copies of, as applicable: (i) the current plan documents (or a description, if such plan is not written) and all amendments thereto; (ii) the most recent summary plan description provided to participants (and all
summaries of material modifications); (iii) all current related trust agreements, insurance contracts or funding arrangements which implement such Plan (excluding PEO Plans); (iv) the most recent determination or opinion letter received from the
IRS; (v) the most recent annual report (Form 5500, with all applicable attachments); and (vi) any material, non-routine, written correspondence with any Governmental Authority in the past three
(3) years. 

(j) No Acquired Company is the subject of any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding alleging
that the Acquired Companies have engaged in any unfair labor practice under any Law. There is no, and in the past three (3) years there have been no, pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened labor strike, dispute, walkout, work
stoppage, slowdown, picketing, lockout, unfair labor practice charge, material labor grievance, material labor arbitration, or other material labor dispute with respect to employees of the Acquired Companies or against or affecting the Acquired
Companies. To the Knowledge of the Company, in the past three (3) years there have been no labor organizing activities with respect to any employees of an Acquired Company. No Acquired Company is a party to or bound by any Labor Agreement, no
Labor Agreement is currently being negotiated, and there are no labor unions, works councils, employee representatives, groups of employees or other organizations representing, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, purporting to represent or
attempting to represent, any employee of the Acquired Companies. 

44 

(k) The Acquired Companies are, and for the past three (3) years have been, in
compliance in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to employment, labor and employment practices, including all Laws relating to discrimination, harassment, retaliation, hours of work and the payment of wages or overtime wages
(including the classification of independent contractors and exempt and non-exempt employees), terms and conditions of employment, health and safety, immigration (including the completion of Forms I-9 for all employees and the proper confirmation of employee visas), restrictive covenants, pay transparency, disability rights or benefits, equal opportunity, plant closures and layoffs (including the Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, as amended, or any similar Laws (the WARN Act)), workers compensation, labor relations, employee leave issues, employee trainings and notices, COVID-19, affirmative action and unemployment insurance. 

(l) Except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquired Companies, taken as a whole: (i) the Acquired Companies have fully and timely paid all wages, salaries, wage premiums, commissions, bonuses, severance and termination
payments, fees and other compensation that have come due and payable to their current or former employees and independent contractors; and (ii) each individual who is providing or within the past three (3) years has provided services to an
Acquired Company and is or was classified and treated as an independent contractor, consultant, leased employee or other non-employee service provider, is and has been properly classified and treated as such
for all applicable purposes. 

(m) The Acquired Companies have, within the past three (3) years, reasonably investigated all sexual
harassment, or other harassment, discrimination, retaliation or policy violation allegations against officers, directors or other managerial employees of the Acquired Companies that have been reported to the Acquired Companies or of which the
Acquired Companies are otherwise aware. To the Companys Knowledge, there are no such allegations of harassment or discrimination that, if known to the public, would bring the Acquired Companies into material disrepute. 

(n) To the Knowledge of the Company, no current employee with annualized cash compensation at or above $300,000 has provided notice to
terminate his or her employment with any Acquired Company prior to the one-year anniversary of the Closing. 

Section 4.17 Environmental Matters. Except as set forth on Section 4.17 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, the Acquired Companies are, and during the past three (3) years have been, in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws. Except as set forth on Section 4.17 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, the Acquired Companies hold and are, and during the past three (3) years have been, in compliance in all material respects with all material permits, licenses, approvals and other authorizations required under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their business. Except as set forth on Section 4.17 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no claims, Proceedings or notices of violation pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened against any of the Acquired Companies alleging, and in the last three (3) years (or earlier if unresolved), the Acquired Companies have not received any notice, Governmental Order, directive or other information relating to,
a material violation of or material liability arising under any Environmental Law. Except as set forth on Section 4.17 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Acquired Company has treated, stored, manufactured, transported,
handled, disposed of, released, arranged for or permitted the disposal of, exposed any Person to, or owned or operated any property or facility contaminated by, any Hazardous Substances, in each case that has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a material liability of any Acquired Company under Environmental Law. Except as set forth on Section 4.17

45 

of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Acquired Company has assumed, undertaken, provided an indemnity with respect to or otherwise become subject to the material liability of any other Person
under Environmental Laws or relating to Hazardous Substances. No Environmental Attributes generated, sold, traded or otherwise transferred by the Acquired Companies have been invalidated, rescinded, revoked or subject to recapture, in each case to
the extent giving rise to material liability of the Acquired Companies under Environmental Law. The Acquired Companies have made available to Parent copies of all material environmental reports, audits, and assessments in their possession or
reasonable control with respect to the current or former properties, facilities or operations of the Acquired Companies. 

Section 4.18 Energy Regulatory Matters. None of the Acquired Companies has filed a rate schedule with FERC.
None of the Acquired Companies owns, leases or operates any electric generating facilities other than an Operating Project. 

(a) Each
Operating Project is a Qualifying Facility that has either (i) been self-certified to FERC as a Qualifying Facility by filing a Form 556 pursuant to 18 C.F.R. 292.203(a)(3), or (ii) qualifies for the exemption set forth in 18 C.F.R.
292.203(d)(1). 

(b) Any Acquired Company that is a holding company as defined under PUHCA is a holding
company solely with respect to one or more Qualifying Facilities. 

(c) Each battery storage project that is part of an Operating
Project is solely charged with electricity produced by the renewable generation component of such Operating Project. 

(d) None of the
Acquired Companies is subject to, or not exempt from, financial, organizational or rate regulation by any State Commission or any other Governmental Authority. 

Section 4.19 Supply Chain Matters. Except as set forth in Section 4.19 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, all products procured by the Acquired Companies (including products containing polysilicon, nickel, cobalt, manganese, copper, lithium or aluminum), which have been imported into the United States of America (either by the Acquired Companies
or their suppliers), have been imported into the United States in compliance with all applicable US customs and import laws and regulations including the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. 

Section 4.20 Information in the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement (and any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto) at the date mailed to the Companys stockholders and at the time of any meeting of the Companys stockholders to be held in connection with the Merger, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty is made by the Company with
respect to (a) statements therein relating to Parent and its Subsidiaries, including Merger Sub, based on information supplied by Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion in the Proxy Statement or (b) any financial projections or forward-looking
statements. The Proxy Statement (and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) will comply as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and any other applicable federal securities Laws. 

46 

Section 4.21 Required Vote. The affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock entitled to vote in accordance with the DGCL to adopt this Agreement (the Required Company Stockholder Approval) is the only vote of the holders
of any of the Company Capital Stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and the other Transactions. 

Section 4.22 Takeover Statutes. The Company Board has adopted such resolutions and taken all such other
actions as are necessary to render inapplicable to this Agreement, the Company Support Agreements, the Rollover Agreement and the Transaction, including the Merger, the restrictions on business combinations (as defined in
Section 203 of the DGCL) as set forth in Section 203 of the DGCL. Other than Section 203 of the DGCL, no business combination, fair price, moratorium, control share acquisition or other
similar anti-takeover statute or regulation under the Laws of the State of Delaware or other Applicable Laws (each, a Takeover Statute) is applicable to the Company, this Agreement, the Company Support Agreements, the Rollover
Agreement or the Transactions, including the Merger. 

Section 4.23 No Brokers. Except for
Moelis & Company LLC, there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other financial intermediary or advisor or other Third Party that has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who
will be entitled to any brokerage fee or other similar fee or commission from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions, including the Merger. 

Section 4.24 Tax Credits. Except as set forth on Section 4.24 of the Company
Disclosure Letter: 

(a) no portion of an Acquired Companys assets is treated as
tax-exempt use property within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code (including by reason of either the Company or any direct or indirect owner of the Company being treated as or becoming
at any time a tax-exempt controlled entity within the meaning of Section 168(h)(6)(F) of the Code); 

(b) no grants have been provided by the United States, a U.S. state, a political subdivision of the United States or any other Governmental
Authority for use by or with respect to with any Acquired Company is the beneficiary which could negatively impact our current ability to claim federal tax credits under Sections 48, 45, 48E or 45Y of the tax code; 

(c) no proceeds of any issue of U.S. state or local government obligations, the interest on which is exempt from Tax under Section 103 of
the Code, have been used to provide financing for any Acquired Company; 

(d) Projects that are identified on
Section 4.24(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter either have claimed and are eligible or are expected to claim and be eligible for an additional ten percent (10%) of ITCs or PTCs by satisfying the energy community
requirements under Section 48(a)(14) or Section 45(b)(11), respectively; 

(e) Projects that are identified on
Section 4.24(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter either have claimed and are eligible or are expected to claim and be eligible for an additional ten percent (10%) of ITCs or PTCs by satisfying the domestic content
requirements under Section 48(a)(12) and Section 45(b)(9), respectively; 

47 

(f) Projects that are identified on Section 4.24(f) of the Company
Disclosure Letter that have been placed in service either have claimed and are eligible or are expected to claim and be eligible for an additional ten percent (10%) or twenty percent (20%) of ITCs, as specified on
Section 4.24(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter, under Section 48(e) of the Code; 

(g) all Projects that
have been placed in service after December 31, 2013 have claimed either ITCs or PTCs, and all Projects that have not been placed in service are expected to qualify for either ITCs or PTCs once placed in service; all Projects that have been
placed in service before January 1, 2014, applied for a 1603 federal grant; there are no audits or challenges that have not been fully resolved with respect to any ITCs, PTCs or 1603 federal grants; 

(h) all Projects claiming ITCs or PTCs that have been placed in service, meet or are otherwise exempt from, and all Projects claiming ITCs or
PTCs that have not been placed in service, are expected to meet or otherwise be exempt from, the prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements as described in Code Section 48(a)(9), (10) and (11) or Code Section 45(b)(6), (7) and
(8), as applicable; 

(i) there is no loss, disallowance, recapture or reduction of any U.S. federal income Tax credits (including ITCs and
PTCs) with respect to any Acquired Company; 

(j) no electricity produced by an Acquired Company has been sold to a Related Party; and 

(k) each Projects fair market value does not consist of more than five percent (5%) used property pursuant to Proposed Treasury
Regulations Section 1.48-14(a).

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to
the contrary, the representations and warranties made in this Section 4.24 are based on Applicable Law as of the date of this Agreement. 

Section 4.25 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company Board has received the opinion of Moelis &
Company LLC addressed to the Company Board to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review
undertaken by Moelis & Company LLC as set forth therein, the Merger Consideration provided for in the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of the Class A Common Stock. 

Section 4.26 Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to be
registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Section 4.27 No Additional
Representations or Warranties. 

(a) Except as provided in this Article IV (as modified by the Company Disclosure Letter) or in
the Company Closing Certificate, neither the Company nor any other Person on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries makes, or has made, any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or
with respect to any other information provided to Parent, Merger Sub or their respective Affiliates or other Representatives, in connection with entering into this Agreement and proceeding with the Transactions or otherwise, including the accuracy,
completeness or timeliness thereof. 

48 

(b) The Company acknowledges that neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor any other Person on
behalf of Parent or Merger Sub makes, or has made, and the Company has not relied upon, any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent or Merger Sub or with respect to any other information provided to the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective Representatives in connection with entering into this Agreement and proceeding with the Transactions or otherwise, including the accuracy, completeness or timeliness thereof, other than the
representations and warranties contained in Article V (as modified by the Parent Disclosure Letter) or in the Parent Closing Certificate. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Parent and
Merger Sub and their respective Affiliates, stockholders, controlling Persons or other Representatives shall not have any liability or responsibility whatsoever to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their respective Affiliates, stockholders,
controlling Persons or other Representatives or any other Person on any basis (including in contract or tort, under federal or state securities Laws or otherwise) based upon, related to, resulting from or arising out of (i) any information,
including any information, documents, projections, estimates, forecasts or other material, made available to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective Affiliates or other Representatives in connection with entering into
this Agreement and proceeding with the Transactions, including the Merger (including in any electronic data room maintained for purposes of the Transactions), or (ii) any statements made (or any omissions therefrom) to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective Affiliates or other Representatives, except as and only to the extent expressly set forth in Article V (as modified by the Parent Disclosure Letter) or in the Parent Closing Certificate. 

ARTICLE V. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB 

Except, subject to the terms of Section 10.05, as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent and Merger Sub
each represent and warrant to the Company as follows: 

Section 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power. Each of
Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all corporate power and authority required to own, lease and operate its assets and to
carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to have such power and authority would not reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair or delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions or
perform their respective obligations under this Agreement. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and, where such concept is recognized, is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would not reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair or delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to
consummate the Transactions or perform their respective obligations under this Agreement. Merger Sub is a direct, wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent. 

49 

Section 5.02 Corporate Authorization. 

(a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Company
Support Agreements (as applicable), to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by each of Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement and the Company Support Agreements
(as applicable) have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub (subject, with respect to Merger Sub, only to approval by its sole stockholder, which will be effected by written consent prior to or
immediately following the execution of this Agreement), and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent and Merger Sub are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Company Support Agreements or for each of
Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions (other than, with respect to the Merger, the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State). Assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties
thereto of this Agreement and the Company Support Agreements, this Agreement and the Company Support Agreements (as applicable) have been duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. 

(b) The board of directors or similar governing body of each of Parent and Merger Sub has duly adopted resolutions (i) approving and
declaring advisable this Agreement and the Transactions, including the Merger, (ii) approving this Agreement and the Transactions, including the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, (iii) in the
case of Merger Sub only, directed that the adoption of this Agreement be submitted to a vote of Parent in its capacity as Merger Subs sole stockholder and (iv) in the case of Merger Sub only, recommended that Parent vote in favor of the
adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger in accordance with the DGCL. Parent, acting in its capacity as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, will immediately after execution hereof (A) approve and adopt this Agreement and
(B) deliver a copy of such approval to the Company. 

(c) No vote of, or consent by, the holders of any equity interests of Parent is
necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by Parent of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions or otherwise required by Parents organizational documents, Applicable Law or any Governmental Authority. 

Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by each of Parent and Merger
Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the Transactions require no action by or in respect of, or consent, waiver, permit, approval or authorization of, filing or registration with or notice to, any Governmental
Authority other than (a) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State, (b) compliance with and filings or notifications under any applicable requirements of the HSR Act , (c) compliance with any applicable
requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any other applicable U.S. state or federal securities, takeover or blue sky Laws, (d) compliance with any applicable rules of the NYSE, (e) the FERC 203 Approval, and
(f) where failure to take any such actions or filings would not reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair or delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions or perform their respective obligations under this
Agreement. 

50 

Section 5.04
Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each of Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement, the consummation by each of Parent or Merger Sub of the Transactions, and the
compliance by each of Parent or Merger Sub with any of the provisions of this Agreement does not and will not (a) contravene, conflict with or result in any violation or breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or
comparable organizational documents) of Parent or Merger Sub, (b) assuming the consents, approvals, authorizations and filings referred to in Section 5.03 have been obtained or made, any applicable waiting periods referred to
therein have terminated or expired and any condition precedent to any such consent has been satisfied or waived, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any Applicable Law or (c) assuming compliance with the matters
referred to in Section 5.03, require any consent by any Person under, constitute a default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default, under, or cause or permit the
termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled under any Contract, except in the case of clauses (b) and (c)
above, any such contravention, conflict, violation, breach, default, right, termination, amendment, acceleration, cancellation, change or loss that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, prevent, materially impair or
delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions or perform their respective obligations under this Agreement. 

Section 5.05 Litigation. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of
Parent, threatened Proceedings involving Parent or Merger Sub that would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair or delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions or perform their respective obligations under
this Agreement. There is no outstanding Governmental Order binding upon Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair or delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions or
perform their respective obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis. 

Section 5.06 No Brokers.
Except for PJT Partners, Inc., there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other financial intermediary that has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub who will be entitled to any fee or commission from
Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the Transactions. 

Section 5.07 Ownership of Company Capital
Stock. 

(a) Parent and Merger Sub do not beneficially own (as such term is used in Rule 13d-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act) any shares of Company Capital Stock or other securities of the Company or any options, warrants or other rights to acquire Company Capital Stock or other securities of, or any other economic interest (through
derivative securities or otherwise) in, the Company except pursuant to this Agreement and the Rollover Agreement. 

51 

(b) Except for the Company Support Agreements and the Rollover Agreement, neither Parent nor
any of its Affiliates has entered into any Contract, arrangement or understanding (in each case, whether oral or written), or authorized, committed or agreed to enter into any Contract, arrangement or understanding (in each case, whether oral or
written), pursuant to which: (i) any stockholder of the Company would be entitled to receive consideration of a different amount or nature than the Merger Consideration, (ii) any stockholder of the Company (A) agrees to vote to adopt
this Agreement or the Merger or (B) agrees to vote against, or not to tender its shares of Company Capital Stock in, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) any Third Party has agreed to provide, directly or indirectly, equity capital to Parent,
Merger Sub or the Company to finance in whole or in part the Merger (other than in connection with the Financings). 

Section 5.08 Financial Capacity. 

(a) Assuming the Equity Financing is funded in accordance with the Equity Commitment Letter as of the Closing, Parent will have on the Closing
Date sufficient cash on hand or other sources of immediately available funds to consummate the Transactions, including the payments contemplated under Article III that are to be paid on the Closing Date. 

(b) Parent has delivered to the Company a true and complete copy of an executed equity commitment letter dated the date hereof (the
Equity Commitment Letter) from Guarantor to provide to Parent the Equity Financing in cash, the aggregate proceeds of which shall, assuming the satisfaction of the Financing Conditions with respect to the Equity Financing, be
sufficient to consummate the Transactions, including (i) the payment of the aggregate Merger Consideration and RSU Consideration to which holders of Company Common Stock and Company Compensatory Awards will be entitled at the Effective Time
pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the repayment of the APAGH Term Loan and outstanding borrowings under the APAG Revolver as of the date of this Agreement, assuming the Other Debt Consents with respect thereto are not received at or prior to the
Closing, and (iii) without duplication of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the payment of all fees and expenses required to be paid by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the Transactions. The Equity Commitment Letter
provides that the Company is an express third party beneficiary thereto and is entitled to enforce such agreement, and that Parent and Guarantor will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the
basis that there is adequate remedy at law in connection with the exercise of such third party beneficiary rights, in each case in accordance with its terms and subject to the limitations set forth herein, including in
Section 10.02.Parent has delivered to the Company, upon signing of this Agreement or reasonably promptly once obtained thereafter, the executed Debt Commitment Letter and the Debt Fee Letter, which Debt Fee Letter
has been redacted to remove only those items related to specific fees payable on the Closing Date to the Financing Sources, price caps and specified market flex provisions. As of the date of this Agreement, the Equity Commitment Letter
has not been amended, supplemented or modified in any manner. Neither Parent nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any agreement, side letter or other commitment or arrangement relating to the financing of the Transactions, other than as set
forth in the Commitment Letters and the Debt Fee Letter. The commitments contained in the Equity Commitment Letter have not been withdrawn, rescinded, replaced or terminated in any respect. The Equity Commitment Letter is in full force and effect
and represents valid, binding and enforceable obligations of Parent and each other party thereto (subject to the Enforceability Exceptions), to provide the financing contemplated thereby (subject only to the satisfaction or waiver of the Financing
Conditions with respect thereto). Parent has fully paid (or caused to be paid) any and all commitment fees and other amounts that are due and payable on or prior to the date of this Agreement in connection

52 

with the Equity Financing. As of the date of this Agreement, no event has occurred which, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or default on the part of Parent
or, to the Knowledge of Parent, any other party thereto under any term of the Equity Commitment Letter that would result in any of the Financing Conditions with respect to the Equity Financing not being satisfied or the Equity Financing otherwise
not being available. As of the date of this Agreement, Parent has no reason to believe that it or any other party thereto will be unable to satisfy on a timely basis any term of the Equity Commitment Letter. There are no conditions precedent or
other contingencies related to the funding of the full amount of the Equity Financing other than the Financing Conditions with respect thereto. As of the date of this Agreement, subject to the satisfaction of the Financing Conditions related to the
Equity Commitment Letter, Parent has no reason to believe that the Equity Financing will not be made available to Parent on the Closing Date. Parent and Merger Sub expressly agree and acknowledge that their obligations hereunder, including
Parents and Merger Subs obligations to consummate the Merger, are not in any way contingent upon or otherwise subject to, or conditioned on, Parents or Merger Subs consummation of the Equity Financing, the Debt Financings or
any other financing, Parents or Mergers Sub obtaining the Equity Financing, the Debt Financings or any other financing or the availability, grant, provision or extension of the Equity Financing, the Debt Financings or any other financing
to Parent or Merger Sub. 

Section 5.09 Guaranty. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement,
Parent has delivered to the Company the duly executed Guaranty, in favor of the Company in respect of Parents obligation to pay the Parent Termination Fee. The Guaranty is (a) assuming due execution and delivery of this Agreement by
the parties hereto, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, (b) enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and (c) in full force and effect. As of the date
of this Agreement, no event has occurred which, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would or would reasonably be expected to constitute a default or breach on the part of the Guarantor under the Guaranty. 

Section 5.10 Solvency. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub is entering into the Transactions with the actual intent
to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of any Acquired Company. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is solvent as of the date of this Agreement. Assuming (A) the representations and warranties of the Company made in this
Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (disregarding any references to Knowledge of the Company, Company Material Adverse Effect, materiality or similar qualifications contained in such
representations and warranties), and (B) compliance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, including the Companys satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VIII (as applicable), each of Parent and the Surviving
Corporation will, after giving effect to all of the Transactions, including the payment of any amounts required to be paid in connection with the consummation of the Transactions and the payment of all related fees and expenses, be solvent at and
immediately after the Effective Time. As used in this Section 5.10, the term solvent means, with respect to a particular date, that on such date, (a) the sum of the assets, at a fair valuation, of Parent
and Merger Sub and, after the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will exceed their debts, (b) the fair saleable value of the assets of Parent and Merger Sub and, after the
Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, exceeds the amount that will be required to pay the debts of Parent, the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis,

53 

as such debts become absolute and mature, and (c) each of Parent and Merger Sub and, after the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated
basis, will not have an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct their business. For purposes of this Section 5.10, debt means any liability on a claim, and claim means any right to
payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured. 

Section 5.11 Information in the Proxy Statement. The information relating to Parent and its Subsidiaries,
including Merger Sub, supplied or to be supplied by Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement (and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) will not, at the date the Proxy Statement is mailed to the
Companys stockholders and at the time of the meeting of the Companys stockholders to be held in connection with the Merger, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. 

Section 5.12 Ownership of Merger Sub; No Prior Activities. All of the authorized capital stock of Merger Sub
consists of 1,000 shares, par value $0.01 per share, all of which are validly issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of Merger Sub are, and at the Effective Time will be, owned directly by Parent. Merger Sub was
formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the Transactions. Except for obligations or liabilities incurred in connection with its formation and the Transactions, Merger Sub has not and will not prior to the Effective Time have incurred, directly
or indirectly, any obligations or liabilities or engaged in any business activities of any type or kind whatsoever or entered into any agreements or arrangements with any Person. 

Section 5.13 Company Arrangements. Other than this Agreement, the Company Support Agreements and the Rollover
Agreement, as of the date hereof, none of Parent or Merger Sub, or their respective executive officers, directors or Affiliates, has entered into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any of the executive officers, directors or Affiliates
of the Company relating in any way to the Transactions or the operations of the Company. 

Section 5.14
Absence of Certain Agreements. As of the date of this Agreement, none of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Affiliates (including the Guarantor and its Affiliates) has entered into any agreement, arrangement or understanding
(in each case, whether oral or written), or authorized, committed or agreed to enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding (in each case, whether oral or written), (a) with any Third Party that would, in any material way, be reasonably
expected to limit Parents or Merger Subs ability to comply with their respective obligations under this Agreement or (b) with any Third Party that would reasonably be expected to materially delay or prevent consummation of the
Transactions. As of the date of this Agreement, Parent is not aware of any matter related to Parent, Merger Sub or their respective Affiliates or Representatives that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to materially
delay, impede or interfere with the consummation of the Transactions. 

54 

Section 5.15 No Additional Representations and Warranties.

(a) Except as provided in this Article V (as modified by the Parent Disclosure Letter) or in the Parent Closing Certificate,
neither Parent, Merger Sub nor any other Person on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub makes, or has made, any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent or Merger Sub or with respect to any other information provided to the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective Affiliates or other Representatives in connection with entering into this Agreement and proceeding with the Transactions or otherwise, including the accuracy, completeness or timeliness thereof.

(b) Each of Parent and Merger Sub acknowledges that neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any other Person on behalf of
the Acquired Companies makes, or has made, and neither Parent nor Merger Sub has relied upon, any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Acquired Companies or with respect to any other information provided to Parent,
Merger Sub, their respective Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives in connection with entering into this Agreement and proceeding with the Transactions or otherwise, including the accuracy, completeness or timeliness thereof, other
than the representations and warranties contained in Article IV (as modified by the Company Disclosure Letter) or in the Company Closing Certificate. Each of Parent and Merger Sub acknowledges and agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates, equityholders, controlling Persons or other Representatives shall not have any liability or responsibility whatsoever to Parent, Merger Sub or their respective
Affiliates, equityholders, controlling Persons or other Representatives or any other Person on any basis (including in contract or tort, under federal or state securities Laws or otherwise) based upon, related to, resulting from or arising out of
(i) any information, including any information, documents, projections, estimates, forecasts or other material, made available to Parent, Merger Sub or any of its or their respective Affiliates or other Representatives in connection with
entering into this Agreement and proceeding with the Transactions (including in any electronic data room maintained for purposes of the Transactions or in any management presentation made in connection with the Transactions), or (ii) any
statements made (or any omissions therefrom) to Parent, Merger Sub, their respective Affiliates or any of their other respective Representatives, except as and only to the extent expressly set forth in Article IV (as modified by the Company
Disclosure Letter) or in the Company Closing Certificate. 

ARTICLE VI. 

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 

Section 6.01 Conduct of the Company Pending the Merger. 

(a) The Company agrees that, from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the date, if any, on which this
Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with Section 9.01 (the Interim Period), except as (i) set forth in Section 6.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
(ii) required by Applicable Law, (iii) expressly required or permitted by this Agreement or (iv) otherwise consented to by Parent in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, the Company will,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (A) conduct its operations, in all material respects, in the ordinary course of business and (B) use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve the goodwill and current

55 

relationships of the Acquired Companies with customers, suppliers and other Persons with which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has material business relations; provided,
however, that no action by the Acquired Companies with respect to matters specifically addressed by any subsection of Section 6.01(b) shall be deemed a breach of the covenants contained in this
Section 6.01(a) unless such action would constitute a breach of such subsection of Section 6.01(b); provided, further, that the failure by an Acquired Company to take any action
prohibited by any subsection of Section 6.01(b) shall not be deemed to be a breach of the covenants contained in this Section 6.01(a). 

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, and as an extension thereof, except as (w) set forth on Section 6.01(b) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, (x) required by Applicable Law, (y) expressly required or permitted by this Agreement or (z) otherwise consented to by Parent in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, during the Interim Period: 

(i) amend the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of the Company or amend the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of any Subsidiary of the Company in any material respect or in any manner that would prevent or materially delay consummation
of the Transactions; 

(ii) issue, sell, grant options or rights to purchase or receive, pledge, or authorize or propose the issuance,
sale, grant of options or rights to purchase or pledge, any capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any securities convertible into, any such capital stock or equity interests, other than
(A) shares of Company Common Stock issuable in connection with the vesting or settlement of Company PSU Awards or Company RSU Awards outstanding as of the date of this Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof or granted after the date of
his Agreement in accordance with clause (B) or (B) Company Compensatory Awards granted after the date hereof in accordance with the terms, and subject to the limitations, set forth on Section 6.01(b)(ii) of the
Company Disclosure Letter; 

(iii) (A) make, declare or pay any dividend or distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any
combination thereof) on or in respect of any outstanding capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the Company or its Subsidiaries, except for dividends and distributions by a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or to another
direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, (B) split, combine or reclassify any capital stock of, or other equity interests in, or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or
in substitution for equity interests in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any shares in the capital of, or other equity interests in, any of
the Acquired Companies, except as between the Company and a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company or between wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Company; 

(iv) (A) enter into any new Tax Equity Agreement or materially modify, materially amend, assign or waive any rights under or terminate
any existing Tax Equity Agreement or (B) except in the ordinary course of business, (x) enter into any Contract that would be a Company Material Contract (other than Tax Equity Agreement) if it were in effect on the date of this Agreement
or (y) materially modify, materially amend, assign or waive any rights under or terminate (excluding any expiration in accordance with its terms) any Company Material Contract (other than Tax Equity Agreement); 

56 

(v) acquire any other Person or all or a material portion of the business of any other
Person (whether by merger or consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or by formation of a joint venture or otherwise) or make any investment in any Person other than a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, in each case, other than such
acquisitions or investments as would not exceed $25,000,000 individually; 

(vi) except pursuant to the terms of a Plan in existence as of
the date hereof and set forth on Section 4.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter: (A) grant any severance or termination pay to (or amend any such existing arrangement with) any current or former employee, director,
officer or individual independent contractor or consultant of any Acquired Company, (B) modify, extend, terminate or enter into any Labor Agreement, (C) establish, adopt, materially amend, terminate or enter into any Plan (excluding
entering into offer letters for at will employment or individual independent contractor or consultant agreements with new hires permitted by clause (F)), in any case, that do not provide for change in control or severance payments
or benefits, or any plan, program, agreement, Contract, or arrangement that would constitute a Plan if in effect on the date hereof (except, in each case, any ordinary course amendments that do not increase the cost of the Company, in the aggregate,
or maintaining such Plan), (D) increase or accelerate the funding, payment or vesting of the compensation or benefits payable to any current or former employee, officer, director or other individual independent contractor or consultant of an
Acquired Company, other than annual merit increases to base salary or base wage rate in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice for such individuals whose annualized base compensation would not equal or exceed $300,000
following such increase (provided that any increase shall not cause the aggregate of all such employees annualized base compensation to exceed 105% of the total annualized base compensation in the aggregate for such employees as of
December 31, 2024), (E) grant or announce any cash incentive awards, bonus retention, change in control or transaction compensation payable to any current or former employees, officers, directors or individual independent contractors or
consultants of an Acquired Company; (F) hire, promote or engage any employee, officer or individual independent contractor or consultant of an Acquired Company whose annualized base compensation would equal or exceed $300,000; or
(G) terminate the employment or engagement of any employee, officer, director or individual independent contractor or consultant other than for cause (or due to death or disability), whose annualized base compensation would equal or exceed
$300,000; 

(vii) recognize or certify any labor union, labor organization, works council or group of employees as the bargaining
representative for any employees of the Acquired Companies; 

(viii) implement or announce any employee layoffs, furloughs, reductions in
force, plant closings, reductions in compensation or other similar actions that would trigger notice obligations under the WARN Act; 

(ix)
intentionally waive or release any noncompetition, nonsolicitation, nondisclosure or other restrictive covenant obligation of any current or former employee with a title of Vice President (or above) or independent contractor of the Acquired
Companies; 

57 

(x) other than the Merger, merge, consolidate, combine or amalgamate any Acquired Company
with any Person or adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for a complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of any of the Acquired Companies; 

(xi) sell, lease, transfer, license or otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease, transfer, license or otherwise dispose of, any material
portion of its assets or properties, other than (A) transactions pursuant to Contracts existing on the date of this Agreement that are set forth on Section 6.01(b)(xi) the Company Disclosure Letter,
(B) acquisitions of supplies or sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, (C) transfers among the Company and its wholly owned Subsidiaries or (D) sales, leases, transfers, licenses or dispositions for which the
consideration is less than $10,000,000 in the aggregate; 

(xii) incur, create, assume, repay or otherwise become liable for indebtedness
for borrowed money, or terminate or modify in any material respect in a manner adverse to the Company or its applicable Subsidiaries, the terms of any indebtedness for borrowed money, or assume, guarantee or endorse the obligations of any Person for
indebtedness for borrowed money, other than (A) indebtedness incurred in connection with any action permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(b)(v), (B) intercompany loans between the Company and any of its wholly owned
Subsidiaries or between any wholly owned Subsidiaries and (C) indebtedness (including indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Company Credit Facilities) reasonably incurred in response to any emergency, disaster, catastrophe or other similar
emergency condition to protect life, employee safety, property or the environment or to comply with public requirements applicable; provided, however, that in the case of each of clauses (A) through
(C), such indebtedness (i) is not incurred under the APAG Revolver or APAGH Term Loan or (ii) does not impose or result in any additional restrictions or limitations that would be materially adverse to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, or, following the Closing, Parent and its Subsidiaries, other than any obligation to make payments on such indebtedness and other than any restrictions or limitations substantially similar to restrictions or limitations to which the
Company or its applicable Subsidiaries are currently subject under the terms of any indebtedness outstanding as of the date hereof; provided, further, that the Company shall promptly inform Parent of any indebtedness incurred or action
taken in accordance with this Section 6.01(b)(xii) and any such indebtedness or action shall not require any consent in order to complete the Transactions and shall not reasonably be expected to adversely affect
Parents ability to consummate the Financings; provided, further, that this Section 6.01(b)(xii) shall not restrict the Company or its applicable Subsidiaries from entering into the Required Debt Consents
or the Other Debt Consents; 

(xiii) waive, release, assign, settle or compromise any Proceedings (other than any stockholder litigation
relating to the Transactions (which shall be governed by Section 7.06)) that (A) with respect to the payment of monetary damages, involves the payment of monetary damages exceeding $2,500,000 individually or $7,500,000 in the
aggregate; (B) with respect to any non-monetary terms and conditions therein, imposes or requires actions that would or would be reasonably expected to be material to the Acquired Companies, taken as a
whole; (C) involves an admission of guilt or liability by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or would constitute a finding or admission of a violation of Law; (D) would result in any restriction on future activity or conduct by Parent,
the Surviving Corporation or their Subsidiaries; or (E) would prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Transactions. 

58 

(xiv) fail to use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect
in all material respects, or fail to replace or renew, the Insurance Policies at a level at least comparable to current levels (or current market terms); 

(xv) make or authorize any capital expenditures, except for those (A) that do not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate other than capital
expenditures that are included in the Companys capital expenditure budget for fiscal year 2025 set forth on Section 6.01(b)(xv) of the Company Disclosure Letter, or (B) reasonably required in the event of an
emergency, disaster, catastrophe or other similar emergency condition to protect life, employee safety, property or the environment or comply with public health requirements applicable thereto (provided that the Company shall notify Parent of any
such emergency expenditure as soon as reasonably practicable); 

(xvi) other than in accordance with Contracts in effect on the date
hereof, make any loans or advances of money to any Person (other than for transactions among the Acquired Companies), except for (A) advances to employees or officers of the Acquired Companies for expenses or (B) extensions of credit to
customers, in each case, made or incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and not in excess of $50,000; 

(xvii) sell, transfer, assign, abandon, permit to lapse, or otherwise dispose of, or grant any license or sublicense of, any rights under or
with respect to, any material Intellectual Property Rights, except for non-exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course of business; 

(xviii) disclose to any Person any trade secret or other material confidential information of any Acquired Company other than to Persons
subject to contractual, legal or binding ethical obligations of confidentiality with respect to such information; 

(xix) (A) make,
change or rescind any material election relating to Taxes, (B) change an annual Tax accounting period with respect to material Taxes, (C) adopt or change any material Tax accounting method, (D) file any material amended Tax Return
that is reasonably likely to result in a material increase to a Tax liability (other than as required pursuant to a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law)), (E) enter into any closing agreement with respect to material Taxes, (F) settle or compromise any material Tax claim, audit, assessment or dispute or surrender any right to claim a material
refund of Taxes or (G) agree to an extension or waiver of the statute of limitations with respect to the assessment or determination of any material Tax; 

(xx) except as required or permitted by GAAP, change any material accounting principles, methods or practices; 

(xxi) other than Permitted Liens or Liens relating to (A) securing indebtedness and other obligations in existence at the date of this
Agreement or any indebtedness incurred in compliance with Section 6.01(b)(xii) or (B) between the Company or to a Subsidiary of the Company in connection with any indebtedness or loan to the extent not otherwise
restricted by Section 6.01(b)(xii) or Section 6.01(b)(xvi), create or incur any Lien on any assets of the Acquired Companies; or 

59 

(xxii) enter into any agreement (whether written or oral), or otherwise commit to or become
obligated, to do any action prohibited under this Section 6.01(b). 

(c) Nothing contained in this Agreement
shall give Parent, directly or indirectly, any right to control or direct the operations of the Acquired Companies prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing, each of the Company and Parent shall exercise, consistent with the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over their respective businesses. 

Section 6.02
No Solicitation; Adverse Recommendation Change. 

(a) No Solicitation. Except as otherwise permitted by this
Section 6.02, during the Interim Period, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its and their Representatives to: 

(i) (x) cease and cause to be terminated any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussion or negotiation with any Third Party with
respect to an Acquisition Proposal, and promptly request the prompt return or destruction of any non-public information concerning the Acquired Companies that was previously furnished in connection therewith
and immediately terminate all physical and electronic data room access previously granted to any such Third Party and (y) take the necessary steps to promptly inform any Third Parties with whom discussions and negotiations are then occurring or
who make an Acquisition Proposal after the date hereof of the obligations set forth in this Section 6.02(a); and 

(ii) not (A) solicit, initiate, seek or knowingly facilitate or encourage any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or
would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, (B) enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations with, or furnish any non-public information relating
to the Acquired Companies to, or afford access to the books or records, properties, assets, facilities or officers, employees or other personnel of the Acquired Companies to, or provide any physical or electronic data room access to, any Third Party
with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry, proposal or offer that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to, but not after the Required Company
Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Company shall be permitted to grant a waiver of or terminate any standstill or similar agreement or obligation of any Third Party with respect to the Acquired Companies to allow such Third Party to
submit an Acquisition Proposal if (x) the Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal advisors, that the failure to take such action would violate the directors fiduciary duties under Applicable Law
and (y) any such waiver is limited to the extent necessary to permit a Third Party to make an Acquisition Proposal, on a confidential basis, to the Company Board and communicate such waiver to the applicable Third Party (provided,
however, that the Company shall advise Parent at least two (2) Business Days prior to taking such action), (C) approve, endorse, recommend or enter into, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, recommend or enter into any letter of
intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger agreement or other definitive agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement (an Alternative
Acquisition Agreement) or (D) submit any Acquisition Proposal to the vote of the Companys stockholders. 

60 

(b) Superior Proposals. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
Section 6.01(a), if at any time prior to the adoption of this Agreement by the Required Company Stockholder Approval (i) the Company has received a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal from a Third Party that
was not solicited at any time following the execution of this Agreement and did not arise from a breach of the obligations set forth in this Section 6.02 and (ii) the Company Board determines in good faith, after
consultation with its independent financial advisor and outside legal counsel, that (A) such Acquisition Proposal constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a Superior Proposal and (B) the failure to take any of the actions
described in the following clauses (x), (y) or (z) would violate the directors fiduciary duties under Applicable Law, then the Company and its Representatives may (x) furnish
non-public information, and afford access to the books, records, properties, assets, facilities and officers, employees and other personnel of the Acquired Companies, to such Third Party and its Affiliates and
Representatives, (y) engage in discussions and negotiations with such Third Party and its Affiliates and Representatives with respect to the Acquisition Proposal, and (z) otherwise facilitate such Acquisition Proposal or assist such Third
Party (and its Affiliates, Representatives, prospective debt and equity financing sources or their respective Representatives) with such Acquisition Proposal, in each case, if requested by such Third Party; provided that any material non-public information concerning the Acquired Companies made available to any Third Party shall, to the extent not previously made available to Parent, be made available to Parent as promptly as reasonably
practicable after it is made available to such Third Party; provided, further, that the Company may not disclose any material non-public information regarding the Acquired Companies to such
Person without the Company first entering into an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement (if such Person is not already party to a confidentiality agreement with the Company). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
Section 6.02 or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Company, its Subsidiaries and their Representatives may, in any event (without the Company Board having to make the determination in clause (ii) of the preceding
sentence), contact any Third Party to (A) seek to clarify and understand the terms and conditions of any inquiry or proposal made by such Third Party solely to determine whether such inquiry or proposal constitutes, or would reasonably be
expected to lead to, a Superior Proposal and (B) inform such Third Party that has made or, to the Knowledge of the Company, is considering making an Acquisition Proposal of the provisions of this Section 6.02. 

(c) No Adverse Recommendation Change or Entry into an Alternative Acquisition Agreement. Except as expressly permitted by
Section 6.02(e), neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw, modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, the Company Board Recommendation;
(ii) fail to include the Company Board Recommendation in the Proxy Statement; (iii) approve or recommend, or publicly propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal made or received after the date hereof (any of the actions
described in clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 6.02(c), an Adverse Recommendation Change); or (iv) cause or permit the Company to enter into any Alternative
Acquisition Agreement. 

(d) Adverse Recommendation Change for Superior Proposal; Entry into an Alternative Acquisition Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, at any time prior to the receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Approval, the Company Board (or any committee thereof) may, subject to compliance with
Section 6.02(e), (i) authorize the Company to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.01(i) to enter into a definitive Alternative Acquisition Agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal
substantially concurrently 

61 

with such termination or (ii) effect an Adverse Recommendation Change, if the Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its independent financial advisor and outside
legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would violate the directors fiduciary duties under Applicable Law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Section 6.02(c) or this
Section 6.02(d) shall be deemed to prohibit, and no Adverse Recommendation Change shall be deemed to have occurred in connection with, any of the actions permitted by Section 6.02(g). 

(e) Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change. The Company Board (or any committee thereof) shall not be entitled to effect an Adverse
Recommendation Change or terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.01(i) unless (i) the Company Board (or any committee thereof) has provided, at least four (4) Business Days in advance, written notice (a
Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change) to Parent that the Company Board (or any committee thereof) intends to take such action (it being understood that the delivery of a Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change and any amendment
or update thereto and the determination to so deliver such notice, amendment or update will not, by itself, constitute an Adverse Recommendation Change), which notice includes, as applicable, written notice of the material terms of the Superior
Proposal which enabled the Company Board (or any committee thereof) to make the determination that the Acquisition Proposal is a Superior Proposal and any applicable transaction and financing documents; (ii) during the four (4) Business
Day period following the time of Parents receipt of the Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change, the Company Board (or any committee thereof) shall, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its Representatives to, negotiate with
Parent in good faith (to the extent Parent desires to negotiate) to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Commitment Letters and the Guaranty so that such Superior Proposal ceases to constitute a Superior Proposal;
and (iii) following the end of the four (4) Business Day period described in the preceding clause (ii), the Company Board (or any committee thereof) shall have determined in good faith, after consultation with its independent
financial advisor and outside legal counsel, taking into account any changes to this Agreement, the Commitment Letters and the Guaranty irrevocably offered in writing by Parent in response to the Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change or otherwise,
that the Superior Proposal giving rise to the Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change continues to constitute a Superior Proposal. In the event of any material amendment of such Superior Proposal, the Company Board (or any committee thereof) shall
be required to issue a new Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change or otherwise comply again with the requirements of this Section 6.02(e); provided, however, that for purposes of this sentence, references to
the four (4) Business Day period above shall be deemed to be references to a two (2) Business Day period from the time of Parents receipt of the Notice of Adverse Recommendation Change. 

(f) Notice. From and after the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the date, if any, on which this Agreement is
validly terminated in accordance with Section 9.01, (i) as promptly as reasonably practicable (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours) after receipt of any Acquisition Proposal or any request for non-public information or inquiry that could reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal, the Company shall provide Parent with a copy of such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry or if any such
Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry is not made in writing, a written summary of the material terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the identity of the party making such
Acquisition Proposal), and (ii) the Company shall provide Parent as promptly as reasonably practicable (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours) with written notice 

62 

setting forth such information as is reasonably necessary to keep Parent reasonably informed in all material respects of material written communications regarding, and the status and material
details (including material amendments or proposed material amendments) of, any such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry and copies of all material written correspondence and other material written materials provided to the Company or its
Representatives from any Person relating to any such Acquisition Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall notify Parent if the Company determines to begin providing information or to engage in discussions or negotiations
concerning an Acquisition Proposal, prior to providing any such information or engaging in any such discussions or negotiations. 

(g)
Certain Permitted Disclosure. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company or the Company Board (or any committee thereof), directly or indirectly through its Representatives, from (i) taking and disclosing to the
Companys stockholders a position with respect to a tender or exchange offer by a Third Party pursuant to Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the
Exchange Act (or any similar communication to the Companys stockholders), (ii) making any stop, look and listen communication to the Companys stockholders pursuant to
Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act or a factually accurate public statement by the Company that describes the Companys receipt of an Acquisition Proposal and the operation of this
Agreement with respect thereto, or (iii) complying with Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A promulgated under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that nothing in the foregoing will be
deemed to permit the Company or its Subsidiaries or the Company Board to effect an Adverse Recommendation Change other than in accordance with Section 6.02(d). 

(h) Breach of Non-Solicit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
6.02, any action, or failure to take action, that is taken by a director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by any Representative of the Company or its Subsidiaries acting at the Companys direction or on its behalf, in
each case, in violation of this Section 6.02, shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 6.02 by the Company. 

Section 6.03 Access to Information. Subject to confidentiality obligations and similar restrictions that may
be applicable to information furnished to the Acquired Companies by Third Parties that may be in the Acquired Companies possession from time to time, during the Interim Period, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, afford to
Parent, Merger Sub and their respective Representatives reasonable access, during normal business hours, in such manner as to not interfere with the normal operations of the Acquired Companies, to their respective properties, books, Contracts,
commitments, Tax Returns, records and appropriate officers, employees and other personnel of the Acquired Companies, and shall furnish such Representatives with existing financial and operating data and other information concerning the affairs of
the Acquired Companies as such Representatives may reasonably request; provided that such investigation shall only be upon reasonable notice and shall be at Parents sole cost and expense; provided, further, that nothing
herein shall require the Acquired Companies to disclose any information to Parent or its Representatives if such disclosure would, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, (i) cause significant competitive harm to any Acquired Company if the
Transactions are not consummated or result in the disclosure of trade secrets or commercially-sensitive information, (ii) violate Applicable Law or the provisions of any Contract (including any confidentiality agreement or similar agreement or
arrangement) to which any Acquired Company is a party or (iii) jeopardize any attorney-client or other legal privilege (provided that 

63 

in each such case, the Company shall inform (x) Parent as to the general nature of what is being withheld as a result thereof and (y) use its reasonable best efforts to provide such
information, in each case of clause (x) and (y), in a manner that does not result in any such issue described in clauses (i) through (iii)); provided, further, that nothing herein shall authorize
Parent or its Representatives to perform or conduct any testing involving sampling or analysis of soil, sediment, groundwater, surface water, air or wastewater emissions, building materials or other environmental media, or other similar invasive
techniques, at any of the Acquired Companies properties. All information obtained by Parent, Merger Sub and their respective Representatives as a result of the investigation or access permitted pursuant to this
Section 6.03 shall be subject to the Confidentiality Agreement. No investigation or access permitted pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty
made by the Company hereunder. Parent agrees that it will not, and will cause its Representatives not to, use any information obtained pursuant to this Section 6.03 for any competitive or other purpose unrelated to the
consummation of the Transactions. 

Section 6.04 Minimum Cash Maintenance. During the Interim Period and
as of Closing, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (a) maintain the Minimum Cash (including the restricted cash held in Subsidiaries) set forth on Section 6.04 of the Company Disclosure Letter for
each of the quarters specified therein and (b) use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the Ending Consolidated Cash Balance referenced in the cash forecast on Section 6.04 of the Company Disclosure
Letter. 

ARTICLE VII. 

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES 

Section 7.01 Appropriate Action; Consents; Filings. 

(a) The Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates to) use their respective reasonable
best efforts to (i) take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Law, including Antitrust Law, or otherwise to consummate and make effective the
Transactions, as promptly as practicable, (ii) obtain from any Governmental Authorities any consents, licenses, permits, waivers, approvals, clearances, authorizations or orders required to be obtained by Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, or
any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates, in connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions and (iii) (A) as promptly as practicable, make all filings with
respect to this Agreement required under the HSR Act, (B) as soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, make all filings, and thereafter make any other required submissions, with respect to this Agreement required under any other
applicable Antitrust Laws, and (C) as promptly as practicable after the date hereof, make all filings, and thereafter make any other required submissions, with respect to this Agreement required under any other Applicable Law. The Company and
Parent shall furnish to each other all information reasonably required for any application or other filing under any Applicable Law in connection with the Transactions. 

(b) The Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates to) use their respective reasonable
best efforts to, as promptly as practicable, and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date hereof (or such other later date agreed in writing by the Company and Parent), submit the application for FERC 203 Approval. 

64 

(c) Without limiting the generality of anything contained in this
Section 7.01, each party hereto shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries and Affiliates to): (i) give the other parties prompt notice of the making or commencement of any request, inquiry, investigation, action or Proceeding
by or before any Governmental Authority with respect to the Transactions; (ii) keep the other parties informed as to the status of any such request, inquiry, investigation, action Proceeding; (iii) promptly inform the other parties of any
substantive communication to or from any Governmental Authority regarding the Transactions; (iv) respond as promptly as practicable to any requests for information, documents or testimony received by any party from any Governmental Authority
with respect to the Transactions; and (v) use reasonable best efforts to obtain the expiration or termination of all waiting periods applicable to the Transactions under the HSR Act and all other approvals, consents and clearances under any
Applicable Laws necessary to consummate the Transactions. Each party hereto will, and will cause its Subsidiaries and Affiliates to, consult and cooperate with the other parties and will consider in good faith the views of the other parties in
connection with any filing, analysis, appearance, presentation, memorandum, brief, argument, opinion or proposal made or submitted to any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions. In addition, except as may be prohibited by any
Governmental Authority or by Applicable Law, in connection with any such request, inquiry, investigation, action or Proceeding, each party hereto will permit Representatives of the other parties to be present at each meeting or conference relating
to such request, inquiry, investigation, action or Proceeding and to have access to and be consulted in connection with any document, opinion or proposal made or submitted to any Governmental Authority in connection with such request, inquiry,
investigation, action or Proceeding. Parent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and Affiliates to, consult with the Company before agreeing to, (1) pull and refile, pursuant to 16 C.F.R. 803.12, any filing made under the HSR
Act or (2) offer, negotiate or enter into any commitment or agreement, including any timing agreement, with any Governmental Authority to delay the consummation of, or not to close before a certain date, any of the Transactions. Notwithstanding
the foregoing and anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Parent shall, on behalf of the parties hereto, control and lead all communications and strategy relating to Antitrust Laws. 

(d) Parent and the Company shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates to) cooperate in good faith with the
Governmental Authorities and use their respective reasonable best efforts to undertake promptly (x) any and all action to complete lawfully the Transactions as soon as practicable (but in any event prior to the End Date) and (y) any and
all action necessary or advisable to avoid, prevent, eliminate or remove the actual or threatened commencement of any Proceeding in any forum or the issuance of any Governmental Order that would (or to obtain the agreement or consent of any
Governmental Authority to the Transactions the absence of which would) delay, enjoin, prevent, restrain or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the Merger. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Parent, its Subsidiaries, Merger Sub, or
any of their Affiliates, or any portfolio company of any investment fund affiliated with or managed by TPG Inc. be obligated to offer, propose, negotiate, agree to, consent to and effect: (i) the sale, divestiture, license or other disposition
or transfer of any assets, businesses or interests; (ii) the termination, amendment or assignment of any commercial relationships, ventures, other arrangements, contractual rights or obligations; (iii) the grant of any right or commercial
or other accommodation, or other contractual or other commercial relationship, to any Third Party; (iv) limitations or restrictions on Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates with respect to the ownership, conduct or operation of any
assets, businesses or interests; (v) any other change or restructuring of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or the Acquired Companies or (vi) any other remedy, condition, commitment or undertaking of any kind. 

65 

(e) Parent shall be solely responsible for and pay all filing fees in connection with
obtaining the consents, approvals, authorizations and clearances described in this Section 7.01. 

Section 7.02 Proxy Statement. 

(a) Subject to Parents timely performance of its obligations under Section 7.02(b), as promptly as reasonably
practicable following the date of this Agreement (and, in any event, no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the date of this Agreement, unless the parties otherwise agree in writing), the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to
prepare and cause to be filed with the SEC a proxy statement in preliminary form, as required by the Exchange Act, relating to the Company Stockholder Meeting (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the Proxy
Statement). Except as contemplated by Section 6.02, the Proxy Statement shall include the Company Board Recommendation with respect to the Merger. The Company shall promptly notify Parent upon the receipt of any
comments from the SEC (or the staff of the SEC) or any request from the SEC (or the staff of the SEC) for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement, and shall provide Parent with copies of all correspondence between the Company and its
Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC (or the staff of the SEC), on the other hand. Each of the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments or requests from
the SEC (or the staff of the SEC) with respect to the Proxy Statement. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts so that the Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the definitive Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Companys stockholders (as of the record date established for the Company
Stockholder Meeting) as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement, and in no event more than five (5) Business Days after the date on which the SEC confirms that it has no further comments on the Proxy Statement. Prior
to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any comments or requests from the SEC (or the staff of the SEC) with respect thereto, the Company shall provide Parent a reasonable opportunity to
review and to propose comments on such document or response to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and the Company shall consider in good faith the inclusion or reflection of any such comments so provided; provided, however, that
the Company may amend or supplement the Proxy Statement without the review or comment of Parent in the event of an Adverse Recommendation Change in accordance with this Agreement, including Section 6.02. 

(b) Parent shall, as promptly as possible, furnish to the Company all information concerning Parent and Merger Sub as may be reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with preparing, filing and distributing the Proxy Statement, including such information that is required by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder to be set forth in the Proxy
Statement, and shall otherwise assist and cooperate with the Company in the preparation of the Proxy Statement and the resolution of comments from the SEC (or the staff of 

66 

the SEC). Parent will, upon reasonable request of the Company, confirm or supplement the information relating to Parent or Merger Sub supplied by it for inclusion in the Proxy Statement, such
that at the time of the mailing of the Proxy Statement or any amendments or supplements thereto, and at the time of the Company Stockholder Meeting, such information shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) In accordance with the Companys organizational documents, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to, as promptly as
reasonably practicable (but subject to the last sentence of this Section 7.02(c) and the timing contemplated in Section 7.02(a)), (x) establish a record date for and give notice of a meeting of its
stockholders, for the purpose of voting upon the adoption of this Agreement (including any adjournment or postponement thereof, the Company Stockholder Meeting) and (y) mail the definitive Proxy Statement to the holders of
Company Common Stock as of the record date established for the Company Stockholder Meeting (such date, the Proxy Date). The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) duly call, convene and hold the Company Stockholder
Meeting as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Proxy Date and (ii) unless the Company Board shall have effected an Adverse Recommendation Change in accordance with this Agreement, including Section 6.02,
solicit from the holders of Company Common Stock proxies in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and to take all other action necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent of such holders required by the rules of the NYSE or Applicable
Laws to obtain such approvals; provided, however, that the Company may (and shall if requested by Parent) postpone, recess or adjourn the Company Stockholder Meeting: (i) with the consent of Parent, (ii) for the absence of a
quorum, (iii) to solicit additional proxies for the purpose of obtaining the Required Company Stockholder Approval, (iv) to allow reasonable additional time for the filing and distribution of any supplemental or amended disclosure which
the Company Board has determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel) is necessary under Applicable Laws or fiduciary duties and for such supplemental or amended disclosure to be disseminated to and reviewed by the
Companys stockholders prior to the Company Stockholder Meeting, or (v) as required by Applicable Law. If requested by Parent, the Company shall promptly provide, all voting tabulation reports relating to the Company Stockholder Meeting
that have been prepared by the Company or the Companys transfer agent, proxy solicitor or other Representatives, and shall otherwise keep Parent reasonably informed regarding the status of the solicitation and any material oral or written
communications from or to the Companys stockholders with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to hold the Company Stockholder Meeting if this Agreement is
terminated. 

(d) If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event or circumstance relating to the Company or Parent or any of the
Companys or Parents Subsidiaries, or their respective officers or directors, is discovered by the Company or Parent, respectively, which, pursuant to the Exchange Act, should be set forth in an amendment or a supplement to the Proxy
Statement, such party shall promptly inform the others. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company agrees to correct any information provided by it for use in the Proxy Statement which shall have become false or misleading. 

67 

Section 7.03 Confidentiality; Public Announcements. Except
as otherwise contemplated by Section 6.02(g) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall limit the rights of the Company or the Company Board under Section 6.02), prior to any Adverse Recommendation Change in
accordance with this Agreement, including Section 6.02, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall consult with each other before issuing or making, as applicable, and give each other a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment upon, and shall consider in good faith the comments of the other with respect to, any press release or public announcement or other public disclosure with respect to this Agreement or the Transactions, and none of the parties hereto or their
Affiliates shall issue any such press release or public announcement or make any such other public disclosure prior to obtaining the other parties consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except that no such
consent shall be necessary to the extent disclosure may be required by Applicable Law or applicable stock exchange rule or any listing agreement of any party hereto; provided, that such party uses commercially reasonable efforts to afford the
other party a reasonable opportunity to review the content of the proposed disclosure and provide reasonable comments regarding same. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Company may, without Parents or Merger Subs consent,
communicate to its employees, creditors, customers, suppliers and consultants in a manner consistent with prior communications of the Company, consistent with prior communications to which Parent or Merger Sub provided consent in accordance with
this Section 7.03, or consistent with a communications plan previously agreed to by Parent and the Company in which case such communications may be made consistent with such plan, (b) this Section 7.03 shall not be
deemed to restrict the Companys or Parents ability to disclose information concerning this Agreement or the Transactions in connection with any dispute between the parties hereto regarding this Agreement of the Transactions and
(c) Parent may, without the Companys consent, make communications that (i)(A) are made in the ordinary course of business and (B) do not specifically relate to the signing of this Agreement or the Transactions or (ii) are to its
existing or prospective general or limited partners, equity holders, members, managers and investors of Parent or any Affiliates of Parent, who have been informed of the confidential nature of such communications and who are subject to customary
confidentiality restrictions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth therein or herein, the Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the Closing; provided that, in the event of any inconsistency
between the terms and provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement and this Section 7.03, the terms and provisions of this Section 7.03 shall control to the extent necessary to resolve such inconsistency. 

Section 7.04 Indemnification of Officers and Directors. 

(a) Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, take all actions necessary or appropriate to ensure that, from and after the
Effective Time, all rights to indemnification and exculpation (and related advancement or reimbursement of expenses) now existing in favor of (i) each present and former (in each case, as of the Effective Time) director, officer and employee of
the Acquired Companies against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent permitted
under or required by Applicable Law or the respective certificates of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of such Acquired Companies or indemnification agreements to which 

68 

any such Acquired Company is a party or otherwise bound, in each case as in effect on the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Existing Indemnification Obligations), and
(ii) each Person entitled to such indemnification or exculpation (or related advancement or reimbursement of expenses) under the provisions of the Contracts set forth on Section 7.04(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter
to the fullest extent permitted thereunder or required thereby (each such Person, a Specified Contractually Indemnified Person and each such Contractual provision, a Specified Contractual Indemnification
Provision), shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. Parent also agrees to promptly advance expenses as incurred by (i) each present and former (in each case, as of the Effective Time) director, officer
and employee of the Acquired Companies to the fullest extent permitted under or required by the Existing Indemnification Obligations and (ii) each Specified Contractually Indemnified Person to the fullest extent permitted under or required by
the Specified Contractual Indemnification Provisions. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent shall cause the Acquired Companies (i) to maintain for a period of not less than six (6) years from the Effective Time provisions in their
respective certificates of incorporation, bylaws and other organizational documents concerning the indemnification and exoneration (including provisions relating to expense advancement) of the Acquired Companies former and current officers,
directors, employees, agents and Specified Contractually Indemnified Persons that are no less favorable to those Persons than the provisions of the Existing Indemnification Obligations or the Specified Contractual Indemnification Provisions, as
applicable, in each case, as of the date of this Agreement and (ii) not to amend, repeal or otherwise modify such provisions in any respect that would adversely affect the rights of those Persons thereunder, except, in each case, as otherwise
required by Applicable Law. The foregoing notwithstanding, if any Proceeding (whether arising before, at or after the Effective Time) is asserted or made against any such person on or prior to the sixth (6th) anniversary of Closing with respect to matters subject to indemnification hereunder, Parent shall and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to take such action as may be necessary or appropriate to
ensure that such rights to indemnification and exculpation (and related advancement of expenses) shall continue in effect until the final disposition thereof, even if beyond such six (6) year period. 

(b) For a period of six (6) years from the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect
directors and officers liability insurance covering those Persons who are currently covered by the Acquired Companies directors and officers liability insurance policies on terms not less favorable than the terms of
such current insurance coverage; provided, however, that (i) the Company may and (if the Company does not) Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall cause coverage to be extended under the current directors and
officers liability insurance by obtaining at or prior to the Closing Date a prepaid, non-cancelable six (6)-year tail policy (containing terms not less favorable than the terms of such
current insurance coverage) with respect to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (provided that in no event shall the aggregate premiums payable for such tail policy or policies for its or their entire
period exceed an amount equal to 300% of the current aggregate annual premiums paid by the Company for the existing directors and officers liability insurance (the Maximum
Amount); provided, further, if the amount of the aggregate premiums necessary to procure such insurance coverage exceeds the Maximum Amount, the Company or Parent and the Surviving Corporation (as applicable) shall
be entitled to procure for such six (6)-year period the most advantageous policies as can be reasonably obtained for the Maximum Amount) and (ii) if any Proceeding is asserted or made against those Persons who are currently covered by the
Acquired Companies directors and officers liability insurance policies on or prior to the sixth (6th) year anniversary of the Effective Time, any insurance required to be
maintained under this Section 7.04 shall be continued in respect of such claim until the final disposition thereof. 

69 

(c) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, this
Section 7.04 shall survive the consummation of the Merger indefinitely and shall be binding, jointly and severally, on all successors and assigns of Parent and the Surviving Corporation. In the event that Parent or the
Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or transfers or conveys all
or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall succeed to the
obligations set forth in this Section 7.04. In addition, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall not distribute, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets in a manner that could reasonably be expected to
render the Surviving Corporation unable to satisfy its obligations under this Section 7.04. 

(d) Parent shall
assume, and be jointly and severally liable for, and shall cause the Acquired Companies to honor, each of the covenants in this Section 7.04. 

Section 7.05 Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take such
actions as are required to cause the disposition of Company Common Stock, Company PSU Awards, Company RSU Awards or other securities resulting from the Transactions by each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company to be exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Section 7.06 Stockholder Litigation. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall give Parent prompt notice
of, and the opportunity to participate in (but not direct or control), at Parents expense, the defense and settlement of any stockholder litigation brought or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company or its directors or
officers relating to this Agreement or the Transactions (a Stockholder Litigation). The Company shall keep Parent reasonably informed on a current basis regarding any Stockholder Litigation, whether commenced prior to or after the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and shall give consideration to Parents advice with respect to such litigation. The Company shall not settle any Stockholder Litigation without Parents prior written consent (such consent not to
be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). For purposes of this Section 7.06, participate means that Parent will be kept apprised of proposed strategy and other significant decisions and proceedings with respect to
any Stockholder Litigation (to the extent that the attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel is not lost or diminished), and Parent may offer comments or suggestions with respect to any such Stockholder Litigation (which the
Company shall consider in good faith the inclusion or implementation of any such comments or suggestions) but will not be afforded any decision-making power or other authority over such litigation except as set forth in this
Section 7.06. 

70 

Section 7.07 Employee Matters. 

(a) For a period of twelve (12) months following the Effective Time (or until the date of termination of the relevant Continuing
Employee, if earlier) (such period, the Continuation Period), Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall provide each Continuing Employee with (i) an annual base salary or hourly wage rate (as applicable) at least equal to
the annual base salary or hourly wage rate (as applicable) provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) annual cash bonus or other short-term cash incentive opportunities that are no less favorable than the
annual cash bonus or other short-term cash incentive opportunities (excluding equity and equity-based compensation opportunities) provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time and (iii) employee and fringe
benefits (including vacation/leave, health, welfare and retirement benefits, but excluding any equity or equity-based compensation, nonqualified deferred compensation, severance, retention, cash incentive, bonus, change in control, transaction,
defined benefit pension and post-employment welfare benefits) at least as favorable, in the aggregate, as those provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time under the Plans set forth on Section 4.16(a) of the
Company Disclosure Letter. In addition, during the Continuation Period, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall provide each Continuing Employee with severance benefits and protections that are no less favorable than those provided to such
Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time (if any) under the applicable Plan set forth on Section 4.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, taking into account such Continuing Employees additional
period of service and increases in compensation following the Closing. For any Continuing Employees who have historically received an annual equity award as a portion of their overall compensation, Parent will take into account any such historical
equity awards issued to such Continuing Employee and disclosed to Parent prior to the date of this Agreement when evaluating the compensation and benefits offered by Parent and the Surviving Corporation. For clarity, the covenants in this
Section 7.07(a) will apply with respect to the compensation and benefits (including severance) set forth in the offer letter for each individual who has signed an employment offer letter with an Acquired Company but who has
not commenced employment with an Acquired Company as of the Effective Time. 

(b) Effective as of the Effective Time and thereafter, Parent
shall recognize, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to recognize, each Continuing Employees employment or service with any Acquired Company (including any current or former Affiliate thereof or any predecessor of such Acquired Company)
prior to the Closing for purposes of determining, as applicable, eligibility for participation, vesting (other than vesting of future equity awards), entitlement of the Continuing Employee and future vacation accruals under all employee benefit
plans maintained by the Surviving Corporation, any of its Affiliates or Parent in which Continuing Employees are permitted to participate, including vacation plans or arrangements, 401(k) or other retirement plans and any severance or welfare plans,
in each case, to the same extent such service was recognized 

71 

under a comparable Plan for the same purposes prior to the Closing, but not for accrual of or entitlement to pension benefits or post-employment welfare benefits, or to the extent such
recognition would result in a duplication of benefits. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, effective as of the Effective Time and thereafter, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to use commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) cause any pre-existing conditions or limitations, eligibility waiting periods, actively at work requirements, evidence of insurability requirements or required physical
examinations under any health or similar plan of the Surviving Corporation, any of its Affiliates or Parent in which Continuing Employees are eligible to participate to be waived with respect to Continuing Employees and their eligible dependents,
except to the extent that any waiting period, exclusions or requirements still applied to such Continuing Employee under the comparable Plan in which such Continuing Employee participated immediately before the Effective Time, and (ii) use
commercially reasonable efforts to fully credit each Continuing Employee with all deductible payments, co-payments and other
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Continuing Employee and his or her covered dependents under the group medical, dental, pharmaceutical and vision Plans of the
Acquired Companies prior to the Closing during the plan year in which the Closing occurs for the purpose of determining the extent to which such Continuing Employee has satisfied the corresponding deductible,
co-payments, or maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such Continuing Employee and his or her covered dependents for
such plan year under any comparable medical, dental, pharmaceutical or vision benefit plan of the Surviving Corporation, any of its Affiliates or Parent that replaces such Plan, as if such amounts had been paid in accordance with such plan. 

(c) In the event the Closing Date occurs prior to the payment of bonuses under the Companys 2024 annual bonus program, Parent shall
cause each Continuing Employee to be paid such Continuing Employees 2024 annual bonus pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in such program consistent with the Acquired Companies past practice. Such annual bonuses shall be paid
no later than April 10, 2025, subject to the Continuing Employees continued employment through the payment date; provided, however, that a Continuing Employee shall remain entitled to such Continuing Employees 2024
annual bonus if such Continuing Employee dies or his or her employment is terminated due to Disability or without Cause, in any event, prior to the payment date. For purposes of this Section 7.07(c), Disability
and Cause shall have such meanings as are contained in the Company Stock Plan. 

(d) The provisions of this
Section 7.07 are solely for the benefit of the parties to this Agreement, and no Continuing Employee (including any beneficiary or dependent thereof) shall be regarded for any purpose as a third-party beneficiary of this
Agreement, and no provision of this Section 7.07 shall create such rights in any such Persons. Nothing herein shall (i) guarantee employment for any period of time or preclude the ability of Parent or the Surviving
Corporation, as applicable, to terminate the employment of any Continuing Employee at any time and for any reason; (ii) require Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as applicable, to continue any Plans, or other employee benefit plans or
arrangements or prevent the amendment, modification or termination thereof after the Effective Time; or (iii) amend, terminate, establish or create any Plans or other employee benefit plans or arrangements. 

72 

Section 7.08 Third Party Consents. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries be obligated to bear any expense or pay any fee or grant any concession in connection with obtaining any consents, authorizations or approvals required in
order to consummate the Transactions pursuant to the terms of any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, other than any such expenses, fees or concessions paid or granted in connection with the Required Debt Consents or
the Other Debt Consents. 

Section 7.09 Notices of Certain Events. The Company shall give prompt notice to
Parent, and Parent shall give prompt notice to the Company, of (a) any notice or other communication received by such party from any Governmental Authority in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions or from any Person alleging that
the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the Transactions, if the subject matter of such communication or the failure of such party to obtain such consent could be material to the Company, Merger Sub, the Surviving
Corporation or Parent and (b) any Proceedings commenced or, to such partys Knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting such party or any of its Subsidiaries which relate to this Agreement or the
Transactions. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent shall give prompt notice to the Company upon becoming aware that (i) any representation or warranty made by it contained in this Agreement
becomes untrue or inaccurate such that any relevant conditions to Closing set forth in Article VIII would reasonably be expected to be incapable of being satisfied by the End Date or (ii) it has failed to comply with or satisfy in
any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement. No notification under this Section 7.09 shall affect the representations or warranties of the notifying
party or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement or limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder. 

Section 7.10 Stock Exchange Delisting. The Surviving Corporation shall cause the Companys securities to
be delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable following the Effective Time in compliance with Applicable Law, and prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall reasonably cooperate with Parent and use
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do or cause to be done all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under Applicable Law and rules and policies of the NYSE to enable such delisting and
deregistration of the Companys securities by the Surviving Corporation. If the Surviving Corporation is required to file any quarterly or annual report pursuant to the Exchange Act by a filing deadline that is imposed by the Exchange Act and
which falls on a date within the fifteen (15) days following the Closing Date, the Company shall make available to Parent, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, a substantially final draft of any such annual or
quarterly report required to be filed during such period. 

Section 7.11 Merger Sub. Parent will take all
actions necessary to (a) cause Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and (b) ensure that, prior to the Effective Time, Merger Sub
shall not conduct any business, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness or make any investments, other than as specifically contemplated by this Agreement, including any activities related to or in furtherance of the Financings or otherwise related
to maintaining its organizational matters. 

73 

Section 7.12 Approvals by Parent Pending the Merger.
Immediately following the execution of this Agreement, Parent shall, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, adopt and approve and approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 7.13 Anti-Takeover Laws. Each of Parent and the Company and the Company Board will (a) take all
actions within their power to ensure that no Takeover Statute is or becomes applicable to this Agreement, the Company Support Agreements, the Rollover Agreement or the Transactions, and (b) if any Takeover Statute becomes applicable to this
Agreement, the Company Support Agreements, the Rollover Agreement or the Transactions, take all action within their power to ensure that the Merger may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and
otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on the Merger. 

Section 7.14 Debt Financing
Cooperation. 

(a) The Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to, on a timely basis,
provide (or cause its Subsidiaries to provide) all such cooperation in connection with obtaining the Debt Financings as is reasonably requested by Parent; provided that the Company shall in no event be required to provide (or cause its
Subsidiaries to provide) such cooperation that shall unreasonably interfere with its or its Subsidiaries business operations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, using
commercially reasonable efforts to do the following, each of which shall be at Parents reasonable request with reasonable prior notice and at Parents sole cost and expense: 

(i) furnish, or cause to be furnished, to Parent the Required Information and other pertinent information reasonably necessary to assist Parent
in preparing financial statements and financial data of the type customarily required in financings such as the Debt Financings; 

(ii)
deliver to Parent the Financing Deliverables; 

(iii) cause the participation by senior management of the Company in (A) the
negotiation of the Debt Financing Documents and (B) a reasonable number of meetings (including with prospective lenders and rating agencies), drafting sessions, presentations, road shows and reasonable and customary due diligence
sessions, in each case at mutually agreeable times and places and with reasonable advance notice, and otherwise reasonably cooperate with such other marketing efforts, including as is contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter; 

(iv) furnish customary authorization letters, confirmations and undertakings in connection with the Required Information (including with
respect to the presence or absence of material non-public information and the accuracy of the information contained therein); provided that such letters and confirmations provide that (A) the Company and
its affiliates shall not have any liability of any kind or nature resulting from the use of such information or otherwise in connection with any syndication or other marketing efforts except for liability under the Debt Financing Documents executed
on the Closing Date, (B) the recipient of such letters of authorizations agrees that it shall be entitled to rely only on the representations and warranties contained in Debt Financing Documents, and (C) any representation regarding the
accuracy of information shall be substantially consistent with the corresponding representation in the Debt Commitment Letter; 

74 

(v) furnish information regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries reasonably necessary to
assist Parent in the preparation of financial information (including pro forma financial information, projections, financial estimates and forecasts) and financial statements to the extent reasonably required by the Financing Sources to be included
in any bank information memoranda, confidential information memoranda or other similar marketing documents; 

(vi) assist Parent and the
Financing Sources in the preparation of syndication documents for any portion of the Debt Financings and materials for rating agency presentations and providing customary authorization letters related thereto; 

(vii) assist in identifying whether any information would constitute material non-public
information with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries; 

(viii) take corporate actions reasonably necessary to permit the
consummation of the Debt Financings and any related actions; 

(ix) execute and deliver definitive financing documents as may be required
by the Debt Financings and any related schedules, annexes and exhibits thereto; 

(x) deliver or cause the delivery of customary legal
opinions and solvency certificates in connection with the Debt Financings; 

(xi) assist with the pledge of collateral and the grant of
guaranties in the connection with the Debt Financings; 

(xii) distribute the proceeds of the Debt Financing in clause (i) of the
definition thereof in compliance with all applicable terms and conditions and as necessary for purposes of financing the Transactions including (A) payment of a portion of the Merger Consideration and RSU Consideration to which holders of
Company Common Stock and Company Compensatory Awards will be entitled at the Effective Time pursuant to this Agreement, (B) the repayment or refinancing of the APAGH Term Loan and (C) the payment of all fees or expenses required to be paid
by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the Transactions; and 

(xiii) assist Parent in connection with (A) the process of
obtaining the Other Debt Consents and (B) if any such Other Debt Consent is not obtained, as applicable, or any of the APAGH Term Loan or APAG Revolver is not refinanced prior to Closing, as applicable: (w) the process of prepayment and
termination of the APAGH Term Loan, including delivery of required notices, (x) the process of prepayment and termination of the APAG Revolver, including delivery of required notices, (y) the extension of the maturity of the APAG Revolver
on terms reasonably satisfactory to Parent or (z) the process of cash collateralizing certain letters of credit under the API L/C Facility and replacing certain other letters of credit with new letters of credit under the APAG Revolver or
another facility; 

75 

provided that notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.14
to the contrary, (1) neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates will be required to make any filings with the SEC in connection with the Debt Financings (other than in any applicable proxy statement or Current Report on Form 8-K or as otherwise may be required by Applicable Law or regulation); (2) nothing in this Section 7.14 shall require any such action to the extent it (I) would unreasonably interfere
with the business or operations of the Acquired Companies or require the Acquired Companies to agree to pay any fees, reimburse any expenses or incur any liability or obligation (including any indemnification obligation) in any case prior to the
Closing, (II) could subject any director, manager, officer or employee of any Acquired Company to any actual or potential personal liability, (III) could cause any representation or warranty in this Agreement to be breached, cause any
condition to the Closing to fail to be satisfied or otherwise cause any breach of this Agreement, (IV) would require the delivery of any accountants comfort letters or reliance letters or (V) would require the Company, any Company
Party or their respective Representatives or financing sources to approve, execute or deliver any Debt Financing Document that, in each case, is not effective or conditioned, as applicable, upon the Closing or that would not terminate without
liability to such Persons or any of their Affiliates upon the termination of this Agreement; (3) the Companys obligations under this Section 7.14 shall be subject to the Financing Sources being bound by
confidentiality agreements in accordance with customary market practice; and (4) none of the Acquired Companies shall be required to provide any information to the extent it (I) would, in the reasonable judgment of the Company,
(x) cause significant competitive harm to any Acquired Company if the Transactions are not consummated or result in the discovery of trade secrets or commercially sensitive information, (y) violate Applicable Law or the provisions of any
Contract (including any confidentiality agreement or similar agreement or arrangement) to which any Acquired Company is a party or any organizational document applicable to any Acquired Company, or (z) jeopardize any attorney-client or other
legal privilege, or (II) not be produced in the ordinary course of business and cannot be produced or provided without unreasonable cost or expense; 

(b) The Company shall have the right to review and comment on marketing materials used in connection with the arrangement of the Debt
Financings prior to the dissemination of such materials to potential lenders or other counterparties to any proposed financing transaction (or filing with any Governmental Authority); provided that the Company shall communicate in writing its
comments, if any, to Parent and its counsel within a reasonable period of time under the circumstances and consistent with the time accorded to other participants who were asked to review and comment on such marketing materials. The Company and its
Affiliates shall not be required to agree to any contractual obligation relating to the Debt Financings that is not conditioned upon the Closing and that does not terminate without liability to the Company and its Affiliates upon the termination of
this Agreement. The Company hereby consents to the use of its and its Subsidiaries logos by Parent and any Financing Source in connection with the Debt Financings, provided that (i) such logos are used solely in a customary manner
that is not intended to or reasonably likely to materially harm or disparage the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the reputation or goodwill of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and on such other customary terms and conditions as the
Company may reasonably impose and (ii) the Parent shall provide the Company with a reasonable opportunity to review any documents, communications or other materials in connection with which such logo is used, and consider in good faith the
reasonable comments of the Company, prior to the distribution, disclosure or use thereof. 

76 

(c) Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Acquired Companies, and each of their
respective directors, officers, employees, agents and other Representatives, from and against any and all liabilities, costs or expenses suffered or incurred in connection with its or their cooperation related to the Debt Financings or any
information, assistance or activities provided in connection therewith, in each case, except to the extent that any such liabilities, costs or expenses are suffered or incurred as a result of the Companys (or any of its Subsidiaries)
gross negligence, bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, material breach of this Agreement or arise out of a material misstatement in or failure to state a material fact pertinent to the information provided by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to
this Agreement, as applicable. Parent shall promptly reimburse the Acquired Companies for any and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket third party costs and
expenses incurred by the Acquired Companies and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and other Representatives in connection with the Debt Financings or such assistance. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) it is understood and agreed that the condition precedent set forth in
Section 8.02(b), as applied to the Companys obligations under this Section 7.14, shall be deemed to be satisfied unless the Debt Financings have not been obtained as a result of the
Companys bad faith or willful and material breach of its obligations under this Section 7.14 and (ii) Parent and Merger Sub each acknowledges and agrees that obtaining the Debt Financings is not a condition to
any of their obligations under this Agreement. If the Debt Financings have not been obtained, Parent and Merger Sub shall continue to be obligated, until such time as this Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with its terms and subject to
the waiver or fulfillment of the conditions set forth herein, to complete the Transactions. 

(e) Parent shall consult with and keep the
Company informed in reasonable detail of the status of Parents efforts to arrange the Financing. 

Section 7.15
Financing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Parent shall use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or advisable to consummate the Equity
Financing on or prior to the Closing Date in accordance with the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in the Equity Commitment Letter. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, nothing contained in this
Section 7.15 will require, and in no event will the reasonable best efforts of Parent be deemed or construed to require Parent to (a) bring any enforcement action against any source of the Equity Financing to enforce
its rights pursuant to the Equity Commitment Letter (it being understood and agreed that Parent will seek to enforce, including by bringing suit for specific performance, the Equity Commitment Letter if the Company seeks and is granted a decree of
specific performance of the obligation to consummate the Merger); or (b) seek the Equity Financing from any source other than a counterparty to, or in any amount in excess of that contemplated by, the Equity Commitment Letter. 

Section 7.16 Payoff Indebtedness. Unless the applicable Other Debt Consents have been obtained, at least one
(1) Business Day prior to Closing, the Company shall deliver to Parent a copy of an executed Payoff Letter for the APAGH Term Loan or the APAG Revolver, as applicable. Contemporaneously with the Closing, if the applicable Other Debt Consents
have not been obtained, Merger Sub shall use a portion of the proceeds from the Financings to pay (or cause to be paid) to the lenders and other financial institutions under the APAGH Term Loan or the APAG Revolver, as applicable, the amount
specified in the applicable Payoff Letter with respect thereto (including after giving effect to any per diem amount specified therein, to the extent applicable) in cash in immediately available funds to the bank account(s) specified therein to
discharge all obligations of the Acquired Companies outstanding under the APAGH Term Loan or the APAG Revolver, as applicable, and to terminate any commitments thereunder. 

77 

ARTICLE VIII. 

CONDITIONS TO THE TRANSACTION 

Section 8.01 Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party. The respective obligations of the Company, Parent
and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver by all parties, if permissible under Applicable Law) at or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions: 

(a) Required Company Stockholder Approval. The Required Company Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained. 

(b) Regulatory Approvals. (i) All waiting periods (and any extensions thereof) applicable to the consummation of the Transactions
under the HSR Act, and any commitment to, or agreement with, any Governmental Authority to delay the consummation of, or not to consummate before a certain date, the Merger, shall have expired or been terminated and (ii) the clearances,
approvals, authorizations and consents set forth on Schedule B hereto shall have been obtained. 

(c) No Governmental Order or
Applicable Law. The consummation of the Transactions, including the Merger, shall not then be enjoined, prohibited or made unlawful by any Governmental Order or other Applicable Law (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in
effect. 

Section 8.02 Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent
and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by each of Parent and Merger Sub, if permissible under Applicable Law), at or prior to the Closing, of the following further conditions: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. 

(i) Each of the Company Fundamental Representations (other than the representations and warranties made by the Company in
Section 4.05(a) (Capitalization)) shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date (except for any such Company Fundamental Representations that speak as of a particular date, which
shall be true and correct only as of such date); 

(ii) The representations and warranties made by the Company in
Section 4.5(a) (Capitalization) shall be true and correct in all respects, except for any de minimis inaccuracies, as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date (except for any such representations and
warranties that speak as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct in all respects, except for any de minimis inaccuracies, only as of such date); and 

78 

(iii) Each of the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement other
than the Company Fundamental Representations (without giving effect to any references to any Company Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing
Date as if made on the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct in all respects only as of such date), in each case, except where the failure to be so true and
correct has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Covenants. Each of the
covenants and obligations that the Company is required to comply with or to perform at or prior to the Closing shall have been complied with and performed in all material respects. 

(c) No Company Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, no Company Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred. 

(d) Required Debt Consents. The Required Debt Consents shall have been obtained. 

(e) Company Closing Certificate. Parent shall have received a certificate executed on behalf of the Company by its authorized
representative (the Company Closing Certificate) to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 8.02(a) (Representations and Warranties), 8.02(b) (Covenants), 8.02(c) (No Company
Material Adverse Effect) and Section 8.02(d) (Required Debt Consents) have been satisfied. 

Section 8.03 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to consummate the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Company, if permissible under Applicable Law), at or prior to the Closing, of the following further conditions: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. 

(i) Each of the representations and warranties made by Parent and Merger Sub in Sections 5.01 (Corporate Existence and Power),
5.02 (Corporate Authorization) and 5.06 (No Brokers) (collectively, the Parent Fundamental Representations) shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date, except for
Parent Fundamental Representations that speak as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct only as of such date; and 

(ii)
Each of the representations and warranties made by Parent and Merger Sub in this Agreement other than the Parent Fundamental Representations (without giving effect to any references to materiality qualifications) shall be true and correct in all
respects as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct in all respects only as of such date), in each case, except where the
failure to be so true and correct has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger or perform their respective obligations under this Agreement. 

(b) Covenants. Each of the covenants and obligations that Parent and Merger Sub are required to comply with or to perform at or prior
to the Closing shall have been complied with and performed in all material respects. 

(c) Parent Closing Certificate. The Company
shall have received a certificate executed on behalf of Parent by its authorized representative and to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 8.03(a) (Representations and Warranties) and 8.03(b) (Covenants)
have been satisfied (the Parent Closing Certificate). 

79 

ARTICLE IX. 

TERMINATION 

Section 9.01 Termination. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, this
Agreement may be terminated and the Merger and the other Transactions may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time notwithstanding receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Approval (except as expressly noted), only as follows: 

(a) by mutual written agreement of the Company and Parent; 

(b) by either the Company or Parent, if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on November 5, 2025 (the
End Date), whether such date is before or after the date of the receipt of Required Company Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 9.01(b) may not be exercised by any party whose failure to perform any covenant or obligation under this Agreement has been the principal cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to have occurred on or
before the End Date; 

(c) by either the Company or Parent, if any Governmental Authority shall have issued, entered, enacted or
promulgated a Governmental Order or other Applicable Law permanently enjoining or otherwise permanently prohibiting or making unlawful, the consummation of the Transactions, including the Merger, and such Governmental Order or other Applicable Law
shall, if applicable, have become final and nonappealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.01(c) may not be exercised by any party whose failure to
perform any covenant or obligation under Section 7.01 has been the principal cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the condition set forth in Section 8.01(c) (No Governmental Order or Other
Applicable Law); 

(d) by either the Company or Parent, if (i) the Company Stockholder Meeting (including any adjournments and
postponements thereof) shall have been held and completed and the Companys stockholders shall have voted on a proposal to adopt this Agreement and (ii) this Agreement shall not have been adopted at such meeting (and shall not have been
adopted at any adjournment or postponement thereof) by the Required Company Stockholder Approval; 

(e) by Parent, if there is any breach
of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company set forth in this Agreement, such that the conditions specified in Section 8.02(a) (Representations and Warranties) and
Section 8.02(b) (Covenants) would not be satisfied at the Closing (a Terminating Company Breach), except that, if such Terminating Company Breach is curable by the Company through the exercise of
its reasonable best efforts, then such termination shall become effective only if the Terminating Company Breach is not cured prior to the End Date or, if curable prior to the End Date, has not been cured by the earlier of (i) forty-five
(45) days after Parent has given written notice of such breach to the 

80 

Company and (ii) two (2) Business Days prior to the End Date; provided, however, that Parent shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 9.01(e) if Parent or Merger Sub is then in material breach of any of its material obligations under this Agreement such that the conditions set forth in Section 8.03(a) (Representations
and Warranties) and Section 8.03(b) (Covenants) could not be satisfied at the Closing; 

(f) by the
Company, if there is any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement such that the conditions set forth in Section 8.03(a)
(Representations and Warranties) and Section 8.03(b) (Covenants) would not be satisfied at the Closing (a Terminating Parent Breach), except that, if such Terminating Parent Breach is
curable by Parent or Merger Sub through the exercise of its reasonable best efforts, then such termination shall become effective only if the Terminating Parent Breach is not cured prior to the End Date or, if curable prior to the End Date, has not
been cured by the earlier of (i) forty-five (45) days after the Company has given written notice of such breach to Parent and (ii) two (2) Business Days prior to the End Date; provided, however, that the Company shall
not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.01(f) if the Company is then in material breach of any of its material obligations under this Agreement such that the conditions set forth in
Section 8.02(a) (Representations and Warranties) and Section 8.02(b) (Covenants) could not be satisfied at the Closing; 

(g) by Parent, if, prior to receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Approval, an Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred
(whether or not such Adverse Recommendation Change is permitted by this Agreement); provided that Parents right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.01(g) shall expire at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern
time) on the fifteenth (15th) Business Day following the date on which such Adverse Recommendation Change occurs; 

(h) by Parent, if, prior to receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Approval, the Company materially breaches the provisions of
Section 6.02; 

(i) by the Company, at any time prior to the receipt of the Required Company Stockholder
Approval, in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal; provided, that the Company has complied with the provisions of Section 6.02 in all material respects and that it pays to
Parent the Company Termination Fee in accordance with Section 9.03; or 

(j) by the Company, if (i) all of
the conditions set forth in Section 8.01 and Section 8.02 (other than conditions which are to be satisfied by actions taken at the Closing) have been satisfied or waived, (ii) Parent fails to
consummate the Closing on the date the Closing should have occurred pursuant to Section 2.01, (iii) the Company has delivered to Parent an irrevocable notice that (A) it stands ready, willing and able to consummate the
Closing on the date such notice is delivered and through the end of the next three (3)-Business Day period and (B) all of the conditions set forth in Section 8.03 (other than conditions that are to be satisfied by
actions taken at the Closing) have been satisfied or waived and (iv) Parent fails to consummate the Closing within three (3) Business Days following receipt of such notice from the Company described in the foregoing clause (iii).

81 

The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 9.01 (other than pursuant to Section 9.01(a)) shall deliver written notice of such termination to the other party setting forth in reasonable detail the clause(s) of this
Section 9.01 under which such party is terminating this Agreement. 

Section 9.02
Effect of Termination. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 9.02 and Section 9.03, in the event of the valid termination of this Agreement in accordance with
Section 9.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability on the part of any party hereto or its respective Affiliates, officers, directors or equityholders, whether arising before
or after such termination, based on, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Transactions, or the negotiation, execution, performance or subject matter hereof or thereof (whether in contract, tort or otherwise, or whether at law, including
common law or by statute or in equity), other than liability of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub (in each case subject to Section 9.03), as the case may be, for any Fraud or willful breach of this Agreement occurring prior
to such termination. In determining liabilities, losses or damages recoverable upon termination by a party hereto arising out of the other partys Fraud or willful breach of this Agreement, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that such
liabilities, losses or damages (i) shall not be limited to reimbursement of expenses or out-of-pocket costs, and (ii) in the case such liabilities, losses or
damages are payable by Parent or Merger Sub, may include, pursuant to Section 261(a)(1) of the DGCL, an amount representing the benefits of the lost premium payable to the holders of Company Common Stock and the holders of Company Compensatory
Awards, taking into consideration all relevant matters, including the aggregate Merger Consideration that such holders would be entitled to receive if the Merger were consummated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (such liabilities, losses or
damages, the Benefit of the Bargain Damages). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) only the Company (and not the holders of Company Common Stock or the holders of Company Compensatory Awards) may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, bring an action pursuing liability for the Benefit of the Bargain Damages on behalf of the holders of Company Common Stock and the holders of Company Compensatory Awards and (ii) only the Company may retain, without distribution to
such holders, any Benefit of the Bargain Damages received. The provisions of Section 7.03 (Confidentiality; Public Announcements), Section 7.14(c) (Debt Financing Cooperation), this
Section 9.02 (Effect of Termination), Section 9.03 (Expenses; Termination Fee), Article X (Miscellaneous) and the Confidentiality Agreement, shall survive any
termination of this Agreement in accordance with their respective terms. 

Section 9.03 Expenses; Termination
Fee. 

(a) Except as set forth in Section 7.01 and this Section 9.03, each party
hereto shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions whether or not such Transactions shall be consummated, including all fees of its legal counsel, financial advisers and accountants; provided,
however, that in the event that the Transactions are not consummated, Parent shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with any financing arrangements, regardless of whether such financing fees and expenses were to be incurred by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, further, that except as set forth in Section 3.03(e), each of Parent and the Company shall bear and timely pay fifty percent (50%) of all Transfer Taxes and shall
prepare and timely file, at its expense, all Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to such Transfer Taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing and except in the event of Fraud or willful breach by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub, in the
event this Agreement is terminated by either Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 9.01(d) (No Required Company Stockholder Approval), then the Company shall pay to Parent the Expenses. Any Expenses due under
this Section 9.03(a) shall be paid no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of documentation supporting such Expenses. 

82 

(b) If, but only if, this Agreement is validly terminated: 

(i) (A) by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 9.01(d) (No Required Company Stockholder Approval)
and (B) (1) an Acquisition Proposal has been made to the Company after the date hereof and has not been withdrawn prior to the date of the Company Stockholder Meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof), (2) such Acquisition
Proposal was publicly disclosed prior to the date of the Company Stockholder Meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) and (3) within twelve (12) months of the valid termination of this Agreement, the Company enters
into a definitive agreement for the consummation of such Acquisition Proposal and such Acquisition Proposal is subsequently consummated (regardless of whether such consummation occurs within the twelve (12)-month period), then the Company shall pay,
or cause to be paid, to Parent the Company Termination Fee within five (5) Business Days after the date on which such Acquisition Proposal is consummated (provided, however, that for purposes of this
Section 9.03(b)(i), the references to fifteen percent (15%) or more in the definition of Acquisition Proposal shall be deemed to be references to all or substantially all); 

(ii) (A) (1) by the Company pursuant to Section 9.01(b) (End Date) at a time when Parent would be
permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.01(e) (Terminating Company Breach) or (2) by Parent pursuant to Section 9.01(e) (Terminating Company Breach), (B)
following the execution of this Agreement and on or before the date of any such termination, an Acquisition Proposal shall have been announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to the Company Board and not withdrawn without qualification prior to
the date of such termination and (C) within twelve (12) months of the valid termination of this Agreement, the Company enters into a definitive agreement for the consummation of such Acquisition Proposal and such Acquisition Proposal is
subsequently consummated (regardless of whether such consummation occurs within the twelve (12)-month period), then the Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Parent the Company Termination Fee within five (5) Business Days after the date
on which such Acquisition Proposal is consummated (provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 9.03(b)(ii), the references to fifteen percent (15%) or more in the definition of Acquisition
Proposal shall be deemed to be references to all or substantially all); 

(iii) by Parent pursuant to
Section 9.01(g) (Adverse Recommendation Change) or Section 9.01(h) (Breach of Non-Solicit), then the Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to
Parent the Company Termination Fee within five (5) Business Days following such termination; 

(iv) by Parent or the Company pursuant
to Section 9.01(b) (End Date) and at the time of such termination, (A) the Required Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained and (B) Parent would have been permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to Section 9.01(g) (Adverse Recommendation Change) or Section 9.01(h) (Breach of Non-Solicit), then the Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Parent the
Company Termination Fee within five (5) Business Days following such termination; or 

83 

(v) by the Company pursuant to Section 9.01(i) (Superior
Proposal), then the Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Parent the Company Termination Fee within five (5) Business Days following such termination. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, but subject to Section 10.02, Parents right to
receive from the Company the Company Termination Fee or Expenses, as applicable, shall, in circumstances in which the Company Termination Fee or Expenses, as applicable, are owed, constitute the sole and exclusive remedy of Parent and Merger Sub
against (A) the Company and (B) any of the Companys former, current and future Affiliates, assignees, stockholders, controlling Persons, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys and other Representatives (the Persons
described in clauses (A) and (B), collectively, the Company Parties) for any breach, loss or damage suffered as a result of the failure of the Transactions to be consummated or for a breach or failure to perform
hereunder or otherwise, and upon payment of the Company Termination Fee or Expenses, as applicable, and the Enforcement Expenses, if any, no Person shall have any rights or claims against the Company Parties under this Agreement or otherwise,
whether at law or equity, in contract in tort or otherwise, and the Company Parties shall not have any other liability relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the Transactions; provided, however, that no such payment shall
relieve the Company of any liability or damages to Parent or Merger Sub as a result of Fraud or a willful breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation by the Company (in which case only the Company shall be liable for damages for such Fraud or
willful breach). Nothing in this Section 9.03(c) shall in any way expand or be deemed or construed to expand the circumstances in which the Company or any other Company Party may be liable under this Agreement or the
Transactions (including the Debt Financings). For the avoidance of doubt, while Parent or Merger Sub may pursue both a grant of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief as contemplated by Section 10.02
and the payment of the Company Termination Fee pursuant to Section 9.03(b) under no circumstances shall Parent or Merger Sub be permitted or entitled to receive both a grant of an injunction, specific performance or other
equitable relief as contemplated by Section 10.02 and monetary damages, including all or any portion of the Company Termination Fee, or to receive the Company Termination Fee or the Expenses, as applicable, more than once.
Except in the event of Fraud or willful breach, it is further agreed and understood that the maximum aggregate liability of the Company and any of the Company Parties for monetary damages relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the
Transactions, including in respect of any damages awarded in lieu of a grant of specific performance, will not exceed, in the aggregate, the sum of the Company Termination Fee and the Enforcement Expenses. 

(d) If, but only if, this Agreement is validly terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 9.01(j) (Parent
Failure to Close), or Parent pursuant to Section 9.01(b) (End Date) at a time when the Company is otherwise entitled to terminate pursuant to Section 9.01(j) (Parent Failure to
Close), then Parent shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Company the Parent Termination Fee within five (5) Business Days following such termination. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (other than Section 7.14(c)), but subject to
Section 10.02, the Companys right to receive from Parent the Parent Termination Fee shall, in circumstances in which the Parent Termination Fee is owed, constitutes the sole and exclusive remedy of the Company against
(A) Parent, (B) Merger Sub and (C) any of Parents and Merger Subs former, current and future Affiliates, assignees, equityholders, 

84 

controlling Persons, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys and other Representatives (the Persons described in clauses (A), (B) and (C), collectively, the
Parent Parties) and (D) any Financing Source, in each case for any breach, loss or damage suffered as a result of the failure of the Transactions to be consummated or for a breach or failure to perform hereunder or otherwise,
and upon payment of the Parent Termination Fee and the Enforcement Expenses, if any, no Person shall have any rights or claims against the Parent Parties or any Financing Source under this Agreement or otherwise, whether at law or equity, in
contract in tort or otherwise, and the Parent Parties and the Financing Source shall not have any other liability relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Transactions, except in the case of the Parent Parties in
respect of the obligations set forth in Section 7.14(c); provided, however, that no such payment shall relieve Parent of any liability or damages to the Company as a result of Fraud or a willful breach of any
covenant, agreement or obligation by Parent (in which case only Parent shall be liable for damages for such Fraud or willful breach). Nothing in this Section 9.03(e) shall in any way expand or be deemed or construed to
expand the circumstances in which Parent, any other Parent Party or the Financing Sources may be liable under this Agreement or the Transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, while the Company may pursue both a grant of an injunction, specific
performance or other equitable relief as contemplated by Section 10.02 and the payment of the Parent Termination Fee pursuant to Section 9.03(d), as the case may be, under no circumstances shall
the Company be permitted or entitled to receive both a grant of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief as contemplated by Section 10.02 and monetary damages, including all or any portion of the Parent
Termination Fee, or to receive the Parent Termination Fee more than once. Except in the event of Fraud or willful breach, and except in respect of the obligations set forth in Section 7.14(c), it is further agreed and
understood that the maximum aggregate liability of Parent and any of the Parent Parties for monetary damages relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the Transactions, including in respect of any damages awarded in lieu of a grant of specific
performance will not exceed, in the aggregate, the sum of the Parent Termination Fee and the Enforcement Expenses. 

(f) Each of the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub acknowledge and agree that the agreements contained in Sections 9.02 and 9.03 are an integral part of the Transactions, and that, without these agreements, neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor the Company
would enter into this Agreement. The Company, Parent and Merger Sub acknowledge and agree that neither the Company Termination Fee nor the Parent Termination Fee is a penalty, but rather each is liquidated damages in a reasonable amount that will
compensate Parent and Merger Sub, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, in the circumstances in which such fee is payable for the efforts and resources expended and opportunities foregone while negotiating this Agreement and in
reliance on this Agreement and on the expectation of the consummation of the Transactions. The parties hereto acknowledge and hereby agree that in no event shall (i) the Company be required to pay the Company Termination Fee or the Expenses, as
applicable, on more than one occasion or (ii) Parent be required to pay the Parent Termination Fee on more than one occasion, whether or not the Company Termination Fee, the Expenses or the Parent Termination Fee, as applicable, may be payable
pursuant to more than one provision of this Agreement at the same or at different times and upon the occurrence of different events. 

85 

(g) Any amounts payable pursuant to Section 9.03(b),
Section 9.03(d), or this Section 9.03(g) shall be paid by wire transfer of same day funds in accordance with this Section 9.03 to an account designated by Parent or the
Company, as applicable, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date such fee is to be paid. If the Company or Parent, as applicable, fails to pay when due any amount payable under Section 9.03(a),
Section 9.03(b) or Section 9.03(d), and in order to collect such amount, Parent or the Company, as applicable, commences a suit that results in a judgment against the Company for the Company
Termination Fee or Expenses, as applicable, or Parent for the Parent Termination Fee, as applicable, then such party shall reimburse the other for all reasonable, documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred in connection with such suit (such fees, costs and expenses, collectively, the
Enforcement Expenses). 

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Section 9.03, if Parent receives the Company Termination Fee, then Parent will not be entitled to also receive a payment for the Expenses and if the Company Termination Fee is payable at such time as Parent has already
received payment or concurrently receives payment in respect of the Expenses, the aggregate amount of the Expenses received by (or on behalf of) Parent shall be deducted from the Company Termination Fee. 

ARTICLE X. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 10.01 Notices. All notices and other communications among the parties shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given (and shall be deemed to have been duly received) (i) when delivered in person, (ii) when delivered after posting in the U.S. mail having been sent registered or certified mail return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) when delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service, or (iv) upon transmission, if emailed (unless a failure to send or bounce back message is received by the sender), addressed
as follows: 

if to Parent or Merger Sub, to: 

Avenger Parent, Inc. 

301
Commerce Street 

Suite 300 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

Attention: Office of the General Counsel; Dawn Kim 

Email: [***]; [***] 

with a copy
to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

609 Main Street 

Houston, Texas
77002 

Attention: Debbie Yee; Patrick Moneypenny 

Email: debbie.yee@kirkland.com; patrick.moneypenny@kirkland.com 

if to the Company, to: 

Altus
Power, Inc. 

2200 Atlantic Street, Sixth Floor 

86 

Stamford, Connecticut 06902 

Attention: Gregg Felton 

Email:
[***] with cc: [***] 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

811 Main St., Suite 3700 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attention:
Ryan Maierson; Rachel Ratcliffe Payne 

Email: ryan.maierson@lw.com; rachel.ratcliffepayne@lw.com 

or to such other address or email address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 10.01;
provided that any notice received by email or otherwise at the addressees location on any Business Day after 5:00 p.m. (addressees local time) or on any day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to have been received at 9:00
a.m. (addressees local time) on the next Business Day; provided, further, that notice of any change to the address or any of the other details specified in or pursuant to this Section 10.01 shall not be
deemed to have been received until, and shall be deemed to have been received upon, the later of the date specified in such notice or the date that is five (5) Business Days after such notice would otherwise be deemed to have been received
pursuant to this Section 10.01. 

Section 10.02 Remedies Cumulative; Specific
Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur, and that the parties would not have any adequate remedy at law, in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached (including failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder to consummate the Transactions), and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy therefor. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce the terms and provisions of this
Agreement, without proof of actual damages or otherwise, in addition to any other remedy to which any party is entitled at law or in equity (including monetary damages (including Benefit of the Bargain Damages)). Each party agrees that it will not
oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in
equity. Any party seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any
such order or injunction. The parties further agree not to assert that a remedy of specific enforcement is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to law or inequitable for any reason, nor to assert that a remedy of monetary damages would provide an
adequate remedy. The parties further agree that (i) by seeking the remedies provided for in this Section 10.02, a party shall not in any respect waive its right to seek any other form of remedy or relief that may be
available to a party or any third party beneficiary under this Agreement (including monetary damages) or at law; (ii) nothing set forth in this Section 10.02 shall require any party to institute any Proceeding for (or
limit any partys right to institute any Proceeding for) specific performance under this Section 10.02 prior or as a condition to exercising any termination right under Article IX (and receiving the Parent
Termination Fee or 

87 

Company Termination Fee, as applicable, or pursuing damages after such termination to the extent available to such party or any third party beneficiary under this Agreement), nor shall the
commencement of any Proceeding pursuant to this Section 10.02 or anything set forth in this Section 10.02 restrict or limit any partys right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with the
terms of Article IX or pursue any other remedies under this Agreement that may be available at or following such termination; and (iii) the Company shall be entitled to specific performance to cause Parent to cause the Equity Financing
to be fully funded in accordance with the Equity Commitment Letter and to effect the Closing in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions in this Agreement, only if: (A) all of the conditions to Closing set forth in Article
VIII have been satisfied or waived (other than conditions that either (x) by their terms or nature are to be satisfied or waived at the Closing (and which are capable of being satisfied or waived by the party entitled to waive such
conditions) or (y) the failure of which to be satisfied is attributable, in whole or part, to a breach by Parent of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement); (B) Parent has failed to consummate the
Closing within three (3) Business Days after the Company has delivered to Parent an irrevocable notice that it stands ready, willing and able to consummate the Closing on the date such notice is delivered through the end of such three
(3)-Business Day period; and (C) neither the Parent Termination Fee nor any other damages have been paid in full by or on behalf of Parent, Merger Sub or their respective Affiliates and accepted by the Company; provided, that in each
case of the immediately foregoing clauses (i) through (iii), in no event shall the Company be entitled to receive both (x) a grant of specific performance that results in the occurrence of the Closing, on the one hand, and
(y) payment of all or any portion of the Parent Termination Fee, on the other hand, nor shall Parent be entitled to receive both (x) a grant of specific performance that results in the occurrence of the Closing, on the one hand, and
(y) payment of all or any portion of the Company Termination Fee, on the other hand. For the avoidance of doubt, and subject to the immediately preceding proviso, a party hereto may concurrently seek specific performance or other equitable
relief and any monetary damages, remedies or awards that may be available to such party or any third party beneficiary under this Agreement or at law. To the extent any party hereto brings a Proceeding to enforce specifically the performance of the
terms and provisions of this Agreement (other than an Proceeding to enforce specifically any provision that by its terms requires performance after the Closing or expressly survives termination of this Agreement), the End Date shall automatically be
extended to the twentieth (20th) Business Day following the resolution of such Proceeding (it being understood that this Section 10.02 is not intended and shall not be
construed to limit in any way the provisions of Section 9.03(c) or Section 9.03(e)). 

Section 10.03 No Survival of Representations and Warranties. Except in the case of Fraud, the
representations and warranties and covenants and agreements (to the extent such covenant or agreement contemplates or requires performance prior to the Closing) in this Agreement and in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto by
any Person shall terminate at the Closing or, except as provided in Section 9.02, upon the earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.01, as the case may be, except that this Section 10.03 shall
not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time or after termination of this Agreement, including those contained in Section 7.04 and Section 7.07. 

88 

Section 10.04 Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived prior to the Effective Time if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in
writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver is to be effective; provided, however, that no amendment or waiver shall be made
subsequent to receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Approval which requires further approval of the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the DGCL without such further stockholder approval. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the Lender Protective Provisions contained in this Agreement may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified in any manner that adversely affects the Debt Financings or any Financing Source without the prior written consent of the Financing
Sources. 

(b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or
remedies provided by Applicable Law. No party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement, or any right, power or privilege hereunder, unless the waiver of such right, power or privilege is expressly set forth in a written
instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such party, and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given. 

Section 10.05 Disclosure Letter References. The parties hereto agree that any reference in a
particular Section of the Company Disclosure Letter or Parent Disclosure Letter, as the case may be, shall only be deemed to be an exception to (or, as applicable, a disclosure for purposes of) (a) the representations and warranties (or
covenants, as applicable) of the relevant party that are contained in the corresponding Section of this Agreement and (b) any other representations and warranties (or covenants, as applicable) of such party that are contained in this Agreement,
but only if the relevance of that reference as an exception to (or a disclosure for purposes of) such representations and warranties (or covenant, as applicable) would be reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure. The listing of any matter
on a partys Disclosure Letter shall not be deemed to constitute an admission by such party, or to otherwise imply, that any such matter is material, is required to be disclosed by such party under this Agreement or falls within relevant
minimum thresholds or materiality standards set forth in this Agreement. No disclosure in a partys Disclosure Letter relating to any possible breach or violation by such party of any Contract or Applicable Law shall be construed as an
admission or indication that any such breach or violation exists or has actually occurred. In no event shall the listing of any matter in a partys Disclosure Letter be deemed or interpreted to expand the scope of such partys
representations, warranties or covenants set forth in this Agreement. 

Section 10.06 Binding Effect;
Benefit; Assignment. 

(a) This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure solely to the benefit of and be enforceable by each party hereto
and their respective permitted successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement;
provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the past, present and future officers, directors and employees of the Acquired Companies (and their successors, heirs and representatives) are

89 

intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, Section 7.04 (as applicable), (ii) from and after the Effective Time, the rights of the holders of shares of
Company Common Stock and holders of Company Compensatory Awards to receive the Merger Consideration and the PSU/RSU Consideration, as applicable, under Articles II and III shall be for the benefit of and enforceable by each such
holder, (iii) the Financing Sources are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, the Lender Protective Provisions affecting the Financing Sources and (iv) the Non-Recourse Parties are
intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, Section 10.09 (as applicable). 

(b) Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto by operation of Law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this
Section 10.06(b) shall be null and void. 

Section 10.07 Governing Law.
This Agreement and all Proceedings (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of, or related to this Agreement, the Transactions, or the actions of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company in the negotiation, administration, performance and
enforcement thereof, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the
application of Laws of another jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party hereto agrees that any Proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or in equity, in contract, tort or otherwise, against the Financing Sources in any
way relating to this Agreement or any of the Transactions, including any dispute arising out of or relating in any way to any Commitment Letter, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to any conflict of laws provision thereof that would cause the application of the Laws of another jurisdiction. 

Section 10.08 Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly, irrevocably and
unconditionally consents and submits, for itself and its property and assets, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom located within the State of Delaware (or, if such
court shall not have jurisdiction, any state or Federal court of the United States of America sitting in Delaware, and any appellate court from any appeal thereof) (collectively, the Chosen Courts), in any Proceeding arising out
of or relating to this Agreement or the agreements delivered in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment relating thereto, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally (i) agrees not to commence any such Proceeding except in the Chosen Courts, (ii) agrees that any claim in respect of any such Proceeding may be heard and determined only in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives, to the
fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such Proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iv) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal
jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such Chosen Courts, and (v) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such Proceeding in the Chosen Courts.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably
consents to service of process, for 

90 

and on behalf of itself or any of its properties or assets, outside the territorial jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts in any such Proceeding by mailing copies thereof by registered or certified
U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to its address as specified in or pursuant to Section 10.01. However, nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process on
the other party in any other manner permitted by Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the parties hereto agrees (i) that any Proceeding of any kind or nature, whether at law or in equity, in contract, tort or otherwise,
against a Financing Source in connection with this Agreement, the Debt Financings or the Transactions, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York and any
appellate court thereof and each party hereto submits for itself and its property with respect to any such Proceeding to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) not to bring or permit any of its Affiliates or Representatives to bring or
support anyone else in bringing any such Proceeding in any other courts, (iii) that a final judgment in any such Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided
by Law, and (iv) to waive and hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of, and the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of, any
such Proceeding in any such court. 

Section 10.09 No Recourse. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that, except as
otherwise expressly provided herein and without limiting the rights of the Company to the extent provided under Section 10.02, the Equity Commitment Letter or the Guaranty, this Agreement may be enforced only against, and
any claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the Transactions may only be brought against, the entities that are expressly identified as parties to this Agreement (and the Guarantor in accordance with
the Equity Commitment Letter and Guaranty and any other Person expressly named a party to any other agreement entered into in connection with the Transactions, excluding any Financing Source (without limiting any rights of Parent under any Debt
Commitment Letter)) and then only with respect to the specific obligations set forth herein (or therein) with respect to such party. Except to the extent a named party to this Agreement (and the Guarantor in accordance with the Equity Commitment
Letter and Guaranty and any other Person expressly named a party to any other agreement entered into in connection with the Transactions, excluding any Financing Source (without limiting any rights of Parent under any Debt Commitment Letter)) (and
then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such named party herein or therein, and not otherwise), no other Person (each, a Non-Recourse Party) shall have any
liability for any obligations or liabilities of any party to this Agreement for any claim (whether in contract or tort, at law or in equity, or based upon any theory that seeks to impose liability of an entity party against its owners or Affiliates)
for any obligations or liabilities arising under, in connection with or related to this Agreement, any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with the Transactions or the
preparation, negotiation of executing thereof, or in respect of any oral or other representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith except as otherwise expressly provided herein and without limiting the rights of the Company to the
extent provided under Section 10.02, the Equity Commitment Letter or the Guaranty. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, each Non-Recourse Party
(including each Financing Source) is an intended third-party beneficiary of, and shall be entitled to the protections of, this Section 10.09. 

91 

Section 10.10 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN
EACH CASE, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR
OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROCEEDING, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY AND
(D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.10. EACH PARTY HEREBY FURTHER AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL
WITHOUT A JURY AND THAT THE PARTIES MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

Section 10.11 Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of
the other parties hereto. Until and unless each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by the other parties hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other
oral or written agreement or other communication). The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic transmission in .PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. 

Section 10.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement and each
of the documents, instruments and agreements delivered in connection with the Transactions, and each of the Exhibits, the Company Disclosure Letter and the Parent Disclosure Letter, constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede all
prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, are not intended to confer upon any other Person any rights or
remedies hereunder. 

Section 10.13 Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement
is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force
and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the Transactions is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced,

92 

the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner to the end that
the Transactions are consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

93 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the date first written above. 

AVENGER PARENT, INC.

By: /s/ Martin Davidson

Name: Martin Davidson

Title: Chief Accounting Officer

AVENGER MERGER SUB, INC.

By: /s/ Martin Davidson

Name: Martin Davidson

Title: Chief Accounting Officer

Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan of Merger

ALTUS POWER, INC.

By: /s/ Gregg Felton

Name: Gregg Felton

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan of Merger

Exhibit A 

Form of Company Support Agreement 

[See attached] 

FORM OF VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 5, 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into by and among Avenger
Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), Altus Power, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned stockholder of the Company (the Stockholder)1. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Merger Agreement (as defined below). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS,
concurrently with this Agreement, (i) the Company, (ii) Parent and (iii) Avenger Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), have entered into an Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement), which provides for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the
Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof,
the Stockholder is the record and/or beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of the shares of Company Common Stock set forth opposite the Stockholders name on
Exhibit A (the Owned Shares); 

WHEREAS, the Owned Shares and any additional shares of Company Common Stock (the
Shares) or other voting securities of the Company acquired by the Stockholder or [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates (as defined herein) between the date hereof and the record date for the Company Stockholder Meeting (the
Record Date) or pursuant to which the Stockholder or [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates have the right and ability to vote as of the Record Date, including by purchase, as a result of a stock dividend, stock split,
recapitalization, combination, reclassification, exchange or change of such Shares or other voting securities, or upon exercise or conversion of any securities by the Stockholder or [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates, are referred to in this
Agreement as the Covered Shares; 

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to Parents willingness to enter into the
Merger Agreement and to proceed with the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, Parent, the Company and the Stockholder are entering into this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the Stockholder and the Company acknowledge that Parent is entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance on the representations,
warranties, covenants and other agreements of the Stockholder and the Company set forth in this Agreement, and would not enter into the Merger Agreement if the Stockholder and the Company did not enter into this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, Parent, the Company and the Stockholder hereby agree as follows: 

1 

Note to Draft: Each stockholder will enter into a separate voting agreement with the Company and
Parent. 

Section 1. Agreement to Vote. 

(a) From and after the date hereof until the Agreement Termination Date (as defined herein), at the Company Stockholder
Meeting or any other meeting of the Companys stockholders, however called, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, the Stockholder agrees to, and agrees to cause [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates to, take the following actions
(or cause the applicable holder of record of their respective Covered Shares to take the following actions): 

(i) to
appear and be present (including by proxy or otherwise in accordance with the bylaws of the Company) at such meeting of the Companys stockholders or otherwise cause [its][his or her] Covered Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes
of calculating a quorum; 

(ii) to affirmatively vote, or cause to be voted by [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates
at such meeting in person or by proxy, all of [its][his or her] and their respective Covered Shares in favor of (for) the approval of the Merger, the adoption of the Merger Agreement and each of the other actions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement (including any adjournment or postponement of the Company Stockholder Meeting to a later date, including if there are not sufficient votes for the adoption of the Merger Agreement on the date on which such meeting is held) (the
Supported Matters); and 

(iii) to vote, or cause to be voted by [its][his or her] Controlled
Affiliates at such meeting in person or by proxy, all of [its][his or her] and their respective Covered Shares against (A) (1) any Acquisition Proposal or (2) any reorganization, dissolution, liquidation, winding up or similar
extraordinary transaction involving the Company (except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement) and (B) any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would (1) result in a breach in any material respect of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or of the Stockholder under this Agreement, (2) impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the consummation
of the Merger or any of the other transactions expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement or this Agreement or (3) change in any manner the voting rights of any class of shares of the Company (including any amendments to the certificate of
incorporation of the Company or the bylaws of the Company). 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in
this Section 1 shall only apply with respect to (i) Section 1(a)(i) and Section 1(a)(ii) to the extent that the Supported Matters are submitted for a vote at any such meeting of the
Companys stockholders and (ii) Section 1(a)(iii) to the extent that any Acquisition Proposal or any matter contemplated by Section 1(a)(iii)(B) hereof is submitted for a vote at any such meeting of the
Companys stockholders. The Stockholder shall not take or commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Stockholder and [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates shall retain at all times the
right to vote respectively held by the Stockholder or Controlled Affiliate in [its][his or her] sole discretion and without any limitation on any matter other than those set forth in this Section 1 that is at any time or
from time to time presented for consideration to the Companys stockholders. 

2 

(c) Any vote by the Stockholder or [its][his or her] Controlled
Affiliates of the Covered Shares in contravention of this Section 1 shall be null and void ab initio. 

(d) For purposes of this Agreement, (i) Controlled Affiliates means, with respect to the Stockholder,
any Affiliates of the Stockholder controlled by or under common control with the Stockholder and (ii) control (when used with respect to the foregoing clause (i)) means the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of a Person, directly or indirectly, whether through ownership of voting securities or by Contract or otherwise, and the term controlled by has a correlative meaning to the foregoing. 

Section 2. Inconsistent Agreements. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, the Stockholder hereby represents, covenants and
agrees that neither the Stockholder nor any of [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates: 

(a) has entered into, or
shall enter into at any time prior to the Agreement Termination Date, any voting agreement, voting trust or other similar agreement with respect to [its][his or her] Covered Shares; 

(b) has granted, or shall grant at any time prior to the Agreement Termination Date, a proxy or power of attorney with
respect to [its][his or her] Covered Shares, which is inconsistent with the obligations of the Stockholder pursuant to this Agreement; or 

(c) has entered into any agreement that would interfere with, or prohibit or prevent it from satisfying, [its][his or
her] obligations pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 3. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and be of no
further force or effect upon the earliest to occur of (a) the Effective Time, (b) the valid termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (c) an Adverse Recommendation Change, (d) the entry into or
effectiveness of any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Merger Agreement (including the Schedules and Exhibits thereto) that (i) reduces the amount or changes the form of the consideration for the Merger or any
consideration otherwise payable with respect to the securities of the Company, or imposes material restrictions or constraints on the payment of such consideration, or (ii) is adverse to the Stockholder relative to the other stockholders of the
Company, (e) written notice of termination of this Agreement by Parent to the Stockholder and the Company or mutual written agreement of each of the parties hereto to terminate this Agreement, or (f) the time that the Required Company
Stockholder Approval has been obtained (such earliest date being referred to herein as the Agreement Termination Date); provided that the provisions set forth in this Section 3, Sections 8
through 28 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement; provided, further, that no such termination will relieve any party hereto from any liability for any material and willful breach of this Agreement occurring
prior to such termination. 

3 

Section 4. Representations and Warranties of Parent. Parent hereby
represents and warrants to the Company and the Stockholder as follows: 

(a) Parent is an entity duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. Parent has all requisite power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent has been duly and validly
authorized by Parent and no other actions or proceedings on the part of Parent are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by Parent of this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming
due authorization, execution and delivery by the Stockholder and the Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. 

(b) Except for the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, (i) no filing with, and no permit, authorization,
consent or approval of, any Governmental Authority is necessary on the part of Parent for the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent, and (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent shall not (A) conflict with
or violate, any provision of the organizational documents of Parent, (B) result in any breach or violation of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give to others
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any property or asset of Parent pursuant to, any Contract to which Parent is a party or by which Parent or any properties or assets of
Parent is bound or affected or (C) violate any Law applicable to Parent or any of Parents properties or assets, except, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), as would not restrict, prohibit, materially delay or
impair the performance by Parent of its obligations under this Agreement. 

(c) As of the date hereof, there are no
Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent or any of its Affiliates that would restrict, prohibit, materially delay or impair the ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and the
Stockholder as follows: 

(a) The Company is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of Delaware. The Company has all requisite power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company has been duly and validly authorized by the Company and no other
actions or proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Stockholder and Parent, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. 

(b) Except for the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, (i) no filing with, and no permit, authorization,
consent or approval of, any Governmental Authority is necessary on the part of the Company for the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, and (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company shall

4 

not (A) conflict with or violate, any provision of the organizational documents of the Company, (B) result in any breach or violation of, or constitute a default (or an event which,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any property or asset of the Company pursuant to,
any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any properties or assets of the Company is bound or affected or (C) violate any Law applicable to the Company or any of the Companys properties or assets, except, in
the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), as would not restrict, prohibit, materially delay or impair the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement. 

(c) As of the date hereof, there are no Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the
Company or any of its Affiliates that would restrict, prohibit, materially delay or impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

Section 6. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as
follows: 

(a) As of the date hereof, the Stockholder is the record and/or beneficial owner of the Owned Shares and
the Stockholder has good and valid title to the Owned Shares free and clear of Liens (other than as created by this Agreement or transfer restrictions arising under applicable federal or state securities Laws). Except as set forth on Exhibit
A, the Stockholder has the only voting power, power of disposition, power to demand appraisal rights and power to agree to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case, with respect to all of the Owned Shares, with no
limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to applicable federal securities Laws and the terms of this Agreement. As of the date hereof, other than the Owned Shares and except as set forth on Exhibit A, the
Stockholder does not own beneficially or of record any (i) shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company, (ii) securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting securities of the
Company or (iii) options or other rights to acquire from the Company any capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting securities of the Company. 

(b) [The Stockholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its
formation.]2 The Stockholder has all requisite power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform [its][his or her] obligations hereunder. [The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder, the performance by the Stockholder of [its][his or her] obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly and validly
authorized by the Stockholder and no other actions or proceedings on the part of the Stockholder is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by the Stockholder of this Agreement, the performance by the Stockholder of [its][his or her]
obligations hereunder or the consummation by the Stockholder of the 

2 

Note to Draft: To be included in the support agreements for stockholders that are entities.

5 

transactions contemplated hereby.] This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and the
Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Stockholder, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. 

(c) Except for the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, (i) no filing with, and no permit, authorization,
consent or approval of, any Governmental Authority is necessary on the part of the Stockholder for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder or the consummation by the Stockholder of the transactions contemplated
hereby, other than as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and (ii) neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder, nor the consummation by the Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor
compliance by the Stockholder with any of the provisions herein shall [(A) conflict with or violate, any provision of the organizational documents of the Stockholder,]3 (B) result in any
breach or violation of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a Lien on any property or asset of the Stockholder pursuant to, any Contract to which the Stockholder is a party or by which the Stockholder or any properties or assets of the Stockholder is bound or affected or (C) violate any Law
applicable to the Stockholder or any of the Stockholders properties or assets, except, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), as would not restrict, prohibit, materially delay or impair the performance by the
Stockholder of [its][his or her] obligations under this Agreement. 

(d) As of the date hereof, there are no
Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Stockholder, threatened against the Stockholder or any of [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates that would restrict, prohibit, materially delay or impair the ability of the Stockholder to perform
[its][his or her] obligations under this Agreement. 

Section 7. Certain Covenants of the Parties.

(a) The Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees as follows: 

(i) Prior to the Agreement Termination Date, and except as contemplated hereby, the Stockholder shall not (A) tender
any Covered Shares into any tender or exchange offer or commence a tender or exchange offer for the Shares; (B) except for an Exempt Transfer, sell (constructively or otherwise), transfer, offer, exchange, pledge, lend, hypothecate, grant,
encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of (collectively, Transfer), or enter into any Contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to the Transfer of any of [its][his or her] Covered Shares or beneficial
ownership or voting power thereof or therein (including by operation of Law, through the granting of any proxies or powers of attorney, in connection with a voting trust or voting agreement or otherwise); (C) make any Acquisition Proposal;
(D) make, or in any way 

3 

Note to Draft: To be included in the support agreements for stockholders that are entities.

6 

participate in, directly or indirectly, any solicitation of proxies (as such terms are used in the rules of the SEC) to vote any voting securities of the Company to
(1) not adopt or approve the Supported Matters or (2) approve any other matter that if approved would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, discourage, impair or delay the consummation of the Supported Matters; (E) make
any public announcement (other than public statements in support of the Merger or disclosure statements the Stockholder reasonably determines are required by Applicable Law or the rules or regulations of any applicable U.S. securities exchange or
Governmental Authority to which the Stockholder is subject) with respect to any Acquisition Proposal; provided that nothing in this Agreement shall restrict the Stockholder from acquiring additional securities of the Company; provided,
however, that any securities acquired by the Stockholder or [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates after the date of this Agreement shall be subject to this Agreement in all respects; (F) form, join or in any way participate in a
group (as defined in Section 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) in connection with any of the actions expressly described in any of clauses (A) through
(E) of this Section 7(a)(i) (other than any group with any Affiliate of the Stockholder; provided that any such Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement); or
(G) agree (whether or not in writing) to take any of the actions referred to in this Section 7(a)(i). Any action in violation of this provision shall be void. 

(ii) From and after the date hereof until the Agreement Termination Date, the Stockholder agrees that it shall not (and
shall cause each of [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates and instruct [its][his or her] and their respective Representatives not to) solicit, initiate, seek or knowingly facilitate or encourage any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that
constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that the Stockholder and [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates may engage in such activities as a Representative of the Company
solely to the extent that the Company is permitted to engage in such activities pursuant to Section 6.02(a) or (b) of the Merger Agreement. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Stockholder and [its][his or her] Affiliates
will be deemed to be Representatives (as defined in the Merger Agreement) for purposes of Section 6.02 of the Merger Agreement. 

(iii) Prior to the Agreement Termination Date, in the event that the Stockholder or any of [its][his or her] Controlled
Affiliates acquires the power to vote, or direct the voting of, any additional Shares or other voting interests with respect to the Company and on or prior to the Record Date, such Shares or voting interests shall, without further action of the
parties hereto, be deemed Covered Shares and subject to the provisions of this Agreement in all respects, and the number of Owned Shares held by the Stockholder set forth on Exhibit A will be deemed amended accordingly. 

(iv) For the avoidance of doubt, any Covered Shares that are transferred by the Stockholder in an Exempt Transfer on or
after the Record Date shall remain Covered Shares for purposes of Section 1 hereof. 

7 

(v) None of the provisions of this Agreement shall in any way limit
the activities of any Affiliate of the Stockholder; provided, however, that it will be considered a breach of this Agreement if any Affiliate of the Stockholder takes any action at the direction or instruction of the Stockholder that
would be a breach of this Agreement if such action was taken directly by the Stockholder. 

(b) For purposes of this
Agreement, an Exempt Transfer means any transfer of Covered Shares [(i)(A) by will or intestacy, (B) to any immediate family member of the Stockholder (for purposes of this Agreement, immediate family shall mean
any relationship by blood, current or former marriage, domestic partnership or adoption, not more remote than first cousin) or (C) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the Stockholder or the immediate family of the Stockholder for
bona fide estate planning purposes, (ii) to a partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which the Stockholder or the immediate family of the Stockholder are the legal and beneficial owners of all of the outstanding equity
securities or similar interests]4[(i) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity that is an Affiliate of the Stockholder, (ii) to any
investment fund or other entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the Stockholder or Affiliates of the Stockholder]5, (iii) in a hedging or derivative
transaction with respect to which the Stockholder conveys solely the economic consequences of ownership and retains, among other things, the sole right to vote, tender, dispose of and exercise dissenters rights with respect to such Covered
Shares during the period in which Section 7(a)(i) remains in effect, (iv) that has received the prior written approval of Parent, or [(v) prior to March 19, 2025, through Transfers pursuant to existing trading plans
established as of the date of this Agreement pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act]6; provided that in the case of a transfer
pursuant to the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), or (iv), (1) prior to such Exempt Transfer becoming effective, such transferee will execute a joinder to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent and
which shall bind such transferee to all of the obligations of the Stockholder herein and (2) the transferor Stockholder shall remain liable for any failure of such transferee to comply with or perform its, his or her obligations under this
Agreement. 

Section 8. Stockholder Capacity. This Agreement is being entered into by the Stockholder solely in [its][his
or her] capacity as a record and/or beneficial owner of the Covered Shares, and nothing in this Agreement shall restrict or limit the ability of the Stockholder, any Affiliate of the Stockholder, or any Representative of the Stockholder who is a
director, officer or employee of the Company to take any action in his or her capacity as a director, officer or employee of the Company, including the exercise of fiduciary duties to the Company or its stockholders, and the taking of any such
action in such capacity as a director, officer or employee of the Company shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement by the Stockholder. 

Section 9. Appraisal Rights. The Stockholder shall not, and the Stockholder shall cause [its][his or her] Controlled
Affiliates not to, exercise any rights to demand appraisal of any 

4 

Note to Draft: To be included in support agreements for stockholders who are individuals.

5 

Note to Draft: To be included in support agreements for stockholders that are entities.

6 

Note to Draft: To be included in mangements Support Agreement. 

8 

Covered Shares or right to dissent that may arise with respect to the Merger, and the Stockholder hereby waives any such rights of appraisal or rights to dissent that the Stockholder may have
under Applicable Law. The Stockholder agrees, and agrees to cause [its][his or her] Controlled Affiliates, not to commence or participate in any class action or other Proceeding with respect to, any claim, derivative or otherwise, against Parent,
Merger Sub, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates (a) challenging the validity of, or seeking to enjoin the operation of, any provision of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or (b) alleging a breach of any fiduciary duty
of, or other claim against, the Company or the Company Board in connection with the evaluation, negotiation or entry into this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (it being understood and agreed
that nothing in this Section 9 shall restrict or prohibit the Stockholder or any Affiliate or Representative thereof from participating as a defendant or asserting counterclaims or defenses in any action or proceeding
brought or claims asserted against [it][him or her] or any of [its][his or her] Affiliates or Representatives relating to this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or from enforcing [its][his or her]
rights under this Agreement). 

Section 10. Disclosure. Prior to the Agreement Termination Date, neither the Stockholder
nor Parent shall issue any press release or make any public statement with respect to this Agreement without the prior written consent of each other party hereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), except as
such party reasonably determines is required by Applicable Law (including the Exchange Act) or the rules or regulations of any applicable U.S. securities exchange or Governmental Authority to which the relevant party is subject, in which case the
party required to make the release or announcement shall use reasonable best efforts to allow each other party hereto reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance; provided, however, that this
Section 10 shall not prohibit or prevent Parent and/or the Company from issuing any press release or making any public statement that is made in accordance with Section 7.03 of the Merger Agreement so long as any such
press release or public statement does not explicitly reference by name that the Stockholder (in [its][his or her] capacity as such) has entered into this Agreement without the Stockholders consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed). [Promptly after the execution of this Agreement, Parent and the Stockholder shall cooperate to prepare and file with the SEC one or more disclosure statements on Schedule 13D or amendments or supplements thereto,
as applicable, relating to this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.]7

Section 11. Publicity. The Stockholder hereby permits the Company to include and disclose in the Proxy Statement, and in
such other schedules, certificates, applications, agreements, press releases or documents as it may reasonably determine to be necessary or appropriate in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Stockholders identity and ownership
of the Covered Shares and the nature of the Stockholders commitments, arrangements and understanding pursuant to this Agreement, subject to reasonable prior review and comment by the Stockholder. 

Section 12. Survival. The representations and warranties and covenants and agreements of the Stockholder, Parent and the
Company contained herein shall not survive the Agreement 

7 

Note to Draft: To be included in CBREs Support Agreement. 

9 

Termination Date, other than (a) those contained within the provisions that the parties hereto have agreed will survive the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 3 hereof and (b) the last proviso of Section 3 hereof. 

Section 13. Expenses. All fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated. 

Section 14. Notices. All notices and other communications among the parties shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given (and shall be deemed to have been duly received) (i) when delivered in person, (ii) when delivered after posting in the U.S. mail having been sent registered or certified mail return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
(iii) when delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service, or (iv) upon transmission, if emailed (unless a failure to send or bounce back message is received by the sender), addressed as follows: 

if to Parent: 

Avenger Parent, Inc. 

301 Commerce Street 

Suite 300 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

Attention: Office of the General Counsel; Dawn Kim 

Email: [***]; [***] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

609 Main Street 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attention: Debbie P. Yee; Patrick Moneypenny 

E-mail: debbie.yee@kirkland.com; patrick.moneypenny@kirkland.com 

if to the Company: 

Altus Power, Inc. 

2200 Atlantic Street, Sixth Floor 

Stamford, Connecticut 06902 

Attention: Gregg Felton 

Email: [***] with cc: [***] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

811 Main Street, Suite 3700 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attention: Ryan J. Maierson; Rachel Ratcliffe Payne 

E-mail: ryan.maierson@lw.com; rachel.ratcliffepayne@lw.com 

10 

if to the Stockholder, to the address(es) set forth on the signature page to this Agreement;

or to such other address or email address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this
Section 14; provided that any notice received by email or otherwise at the addressees location on any Business Day after 5:00 p.m. (addressees local time) or on any day that is not a Business Day shall be
deemed to have been received at 9:00 a.m. (addressees local time) on the next Business Day; provided, further, that notice of any change to the address or any of the other details specified in or pursuant to this
Section 14 shall not be deemed to have been received until, and shall be deemed to have been received upon, the later of the date specified in such notice or the date that is five (5) Business Days after such notice
would otherwise be deemed to have been received pursuant to this Section 14. 

Section 15. Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section, Article or Exhibit, such reference
shall be to a Section, Article or Exhibit of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement or in any Exhibit are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. The meaning assigned to each capitalized term defined and used in this Agreement is equally applicable to both the singular and the plural forms of such term, and words denoting any gender include all genders. Where
a word or phrase is defined in this Agreement, each of its other grammatical forms has a corresponding meaning. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning set forth in this Agreement. All
Exhibits annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth herein. The word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement will mean including,
without limitation, unless otherwise specified. For all purposes of this Agreement, whenever the term beneficial owner or beneficially own is used, it shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. References to specified rules promulgated by the SEC shall be deemed to refer to such rules in effect as of the date of this Agreement. 

Section 16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
are not intended to confer upon any other Person any rights or remedies hereunder. 

Section 17. Assignment; Successors.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto by operation of Law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other parties, and any such assignment without
such prior written consent shall be null and void. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section 17 shall be null and void. 

Section 18. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure solely to the benefit of and be
enforceable by each party hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under
or by reason of this Agreement; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Non-Recourse Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce,
Section 27 (as applicable) and (b) the Releasees are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, Section 28 (as applicable). 

11 

Section 19. Governing Law. This Agreement and all Proceedings (whether
based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of, or related to this Agreement, the Merger, or the actions of the parties hereto in the negotiation, administration, performance and enforcement thereof, shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of Laws of another jurisdiction. 

Section 20. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly, irrevocably and unconditionally
consents and submits, for itself and its property and assets, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom located within the State of Delaware (or, if such court shall not
have jurisdiction, any state or Federal court of the United States of America sitting in Delaware, and any appellate court from any appeal thereof) (collectively, the Chosen Courts), in any Proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or the agreements delivered in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment relating thereto, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
(a) agrees not to commence any such Proceeding except in the Chosen Courts, (b) agrees that any claim in respect of any such Proceeding may be heard and determined only in the Chosen Courts, (c) waives, to the fullest extent it may
legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such Proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (d) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or
other request for leave from any such Chosen Courts and (e) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such Proceeding in the Chosen Courts. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service
of process, for and on behalf of itself or any of its properties or assets, outside the territorial jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts in any such Proceeding by mailing copies thereof by registered or certified U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested, to its address as specified in or pursuant to Section 14. However, nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process on the other party in any other manner permitted by
Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the parties hereto agrees (a) that a final judgment in any such Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by Law and (b) to waive and hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of, and the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of, any such Proceeding in any such court. 

Section 21. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH
PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY 

12 

ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR
HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROCEEDING, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) SUCH PARTY MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 21. EACH PARTY HEREBY FURTHER AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY AND THAT
THE PARTIES MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

Section 22. Enforcement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur, and that the parties would not have
any adequate remedy at law, in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached (including failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder in
order to perform its obligations under this Agreement), and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy therefor. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions,
specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce the terms and provisions of this Agreement, without proof of actual damages or otherwise, in addition to any other remedy to which any
party is entitled at law or in equity (including monetary damages). Each party agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at
law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity. Any party seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
of this Agreement shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any such order or injunction. The parties further agree that by seeking the remedies provided for in this Section 22, a party
shall not in any respect waive its right to seek any other form of remedy or relief that may be available to a party under this Agreement (including monetary damages) or at law. For the avoidance of doubt, a party hereto may concurrently seek
specific performance or other equitable relief and any monetary damages, remedies or awards that may be available to such party under this Agreement or at law. 

Section 23. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or
other authority to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as 

13 

to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated as originally
contemplated to the fullest extent possible. 

Section 24. Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a
counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. Until and unless each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by the other parties hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have any right or obligation
hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication). The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic transmission in .PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the parties
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Section 25. Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived but only if such amendment or waiver is in writing and is
signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party hereto or, in the case of a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver is to be effective. 

(b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any
rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law. No party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement, or any right, power or privilege hereunder, unless the waiver of such right, power or privilege is expressly set forth in
a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such party, and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given. 

Section 26. No Presumption. Each party hereto acknowledges that each party to this Agreement has been represented by counsel
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule of Law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the drafting party has
no application and is expressly waived. 

Section 27. Non-Recourse. Each party
hereto acknowledges and agrees that, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and without limiting the rights of the parties hereto to the extent provided under Section 23, this Agreement may be enforced only against,
and any claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may only be brought against, the entities or individuals who are expressly identified as parties to this
Agreement and then only with respect to the specific obligations set forth herein with respect to such party. Except to the extent a named party to this Agreement (and then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such named
party herein, and not otherwise), no other Person (each, a Non-Recourse Party) shall have any liability (whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) for any obligations or liabilities of
any party to this 

14 

Agreement for any claim (whether in contract or tort, at law or in equity, or based upon any theory that seeks to impose liability of an entity party against its owners or Affiliates) for any
obligations or liabilities arising under, in connection with or related to this Agreement, any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the preparation, negotiation of executing thereof, or in respect of any oral or other representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith except as otherwise expressly provided herein and without limiting the rights of the
parties here to the extent provided under Section 23. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, each Non-Recourse Party is an intended third-party
beneficiary of, and shall be entitled to the protections of, this Section 27. 

Section 28. Release. Effective as of the Closing, each of Parent and the Surviving Corporation, for itself and each of its
Affiliates (including, the Surviving Corporations Subsidiaries) and its and their respective former, current and future directors, officers, employees, general and limited partners, managers, members, direct and indirect equityholders,
controlling persons, Affiliates, attorneys, assignees, agents, advisors, and representatives, and representatives and Affiliates of any of the foregoing, and any former, current or future estates, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees,
successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (each, a Releasor), hereby irrevocably, knowingly and voluntarily releases, discharges and forever waives and relinquishes all claims, demands, obligations, liabilities, defenses,
affirmative defenses, setoffs, counterclaims, Proceedings and causes of action of whatever kind or nature, whether known or unknown, which any Releasor has, may have, or might have or may assert now or in the future, against the Stockholder or
[its][his or her] Affiliates or any of its or their respective former, current or future directors, officers, employees, general or limited partners, managers, members, direct or indirect stockholders or equityholders, controlling persons,
affiliates, attorneys, assignees, agents, advisors, or representatives, or representatives or Affiliates of any of the foregoing, or any former, current or future estates, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, successors or assigns of any of
the foregoing (each, a Releasee) arising out of, based upon or resulting from [(i) any Contract entered into prior to the date of this Agreement by the Stockholder or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, or (ii)]8 the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Merger Agreement (including any representation or warranty made in, in connection with, or as an inducement hereto or thereto) or the other agreements delivered or required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto; provided, however,
that nothing contained in this Section 28 shall (a) release, waive, discharge or relinquish any claim, Proceeding or cause of action arising out of, based upon or resulting from any Releasees fraud; or
(b) release, waive, discharge, relinquish or otherwise affect the rights or obligations of any Person under this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or any other agreement delivered or required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. Each party
hereto shall, on behalf of itself and the other Releasors, refrain from, directly or indirectly, asserting any claim or demand, or commencing, instituting or causing to be commenced any legal proceeding of any kind against a Releasee based upon any
matter released pursuant to this Section 28. Each Releasee to whom this Section 28 applies shall be a third-party beneficiary of this Section 28. 

8 

Note to Parent: To be included in CBREs Support Agreement. 

15 

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.] 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
date first written above. 

AVENGER PARENT, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Voting and Support Agreement] 

ALTUS POWER, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Voting and Support Agreement] 

[STOCKHOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Voting and Support Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

STOCKHOLDER 

Stockholder Name Owned Shares

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock

[1. CBRE Acquisition Sponsor LLC [24,557,823] [724,500]]9

[1. GSO Altus Holdings LP [21,116,125] [0]10

[1. [Gregg Felton] [12,166,973] [0]]11

[1. [Anthony Savino] [3,542,562] [0]]12

[1. [Dustin Weber] [1,542,951] [0]]13

[1. [Abhi Parmar] [1,010,604] [0]]14

9 

Note to Draft: To be included in CBREs Support Agreement. 

10 

Note to Draft: To be included in BXs Support Agreement. 

11 

Note to Draft: To be included in Feltons Support Agreement. 

12 

Note to Draft: To be included in Savinos Support Agreement. 

13 

Note to Draft: To be included in Webers Support Agreement. 

14 

Note to Draft: To be included in Parmars Support Agreement. 

[Exhibit A to Voting and
Support Agreement] 

Exhibit B 

Form of Certificate of Merger 

[See attached] 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

OF 

AVENGER MERGER SUB,
INC. 

(a Delaware corporation) 

with and into 

ALTUS
POWER, INC. 

(a Delaware corporation) 

[] 

Pursuant to Title 8,
Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), Altus Power, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), hereby executes this Certificate of Merger and certifies the
following in connection with the merger of Avenger Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub), with and into the Corporation (the Merger): 

FIRST: The names and states of incorporation of each of the constituent corporations to the Merger (the Constituent
Corporations) are as follows: 

Name 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation

Avenger Merger Sub, Inc. Delaware

Altus Power, Inc. Delaware

SECOND: The Agreement and Plan of Merger entered into as of February 5, 2025 (the Merger
Agreement), by and among the Corporation, Avenger Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, has been approved, adopted, executed and acknowledged by each of the
Constituent Corporations in accordance with Sections 228 and 251, as applicable, of the DGCL. 

THIRD: Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Corporation. Following the Merger, the Corporation will continue its existence as the corporation surviving the Merger (the Surviving Corporation) and the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub will cease. The name of the Surviving Corporation following the Effective Time (as defined below) shall be Altus Power, Inc. 

FOURTH: Upon the effectiveness of the Merger in accordance with Section 251 of the DGCL and Section 103 of the DGCL (the
Effective Time), the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit A attached
hereto and, as so amended and restated, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation at (and with effect from and after) the Effective Time until further amended pursuant to and in accordance with the DGCL. 

FIFTH: The Merger shall become effective immediately upon the filing of this
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

SIXTH: The executed Merger Agreement is on file at the
office of the Surviving Corporation at 2200 Atlantic Street, Sixth Floor, Stamford, Connecticut, 06902. 

SEVENTH: An executed copy
of the Merger Agreement will be provided by the Surviving Corporation, upon request and without cost, to any stockholder of the Constituent Corporations. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Merger to be executed by its duly authorized officer this []
day of [], []. 

ALTUS POWER, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Schedule A 

Company Supporting Stockholders 

1. 

CBRE Acquisition Sponsor LLC 

2. 

GSO Altus Holdings LP 

3. 

Gregg Felton 

4. 

Anthony Savino 

5. 

Dustin Weber 

6. 

Abhi Parmar 

Schedule B 

Regulatory Approvals 

1. 

The FERC 203 Approval.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d870221dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

ALTUS POWER, INC.

1. 

The name of this corporation is Altus Power, Inc. 

2. 

The registered office in the State of Delaware is located at Suite 302, 4001 Kennett Pike, County of New
Castle, Wilmington, Delaware 19807. The name of the registered agent at such address upon whom process against this corporation may be served is Maples Fiduciary Services (Delaware) Inc. 

3. 

The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware. 

4. 

The total amount of stock this corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000 shares which will be designated as
Common Stock with a par value of $0.01 per share.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d870221dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

BYLAWS 

of 

Altus Power, Inc. 

A
Delaware Corporation 

Table of Contents 

1 Offices 1

2 Stockholders 1

3 Directors 6

4 Committees 8

5 General Provisions Relating to Meetings 9

6 Officers and Authorized Signatories 10

7 Certificates and Stockholders 12

8 Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees and Agents 13

9 Miscellaneous Provisions 15

10 Emergency Bylaws 16

BYLAWS 

of 

Altus Power, Inc.

A Delaware Corporation 

Preamble

The bylaws of the Company (Bylaws) are subject to, and governed by, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as it may
be amended from time to time (as so amended from time to time, Delaware General Corporation Law) and the certificate of incorporation of Altus Power, Inc. a Delaware corporation (Company). In the event of a
direct conflict between the provisions of these Bylaws and the mandatory provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the provisions of the certificate of incorporation of the Company (Certificate of Incorporation), such
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Certificate of Incorporation, as the case may be, will be controlling. 

1 

Offices 

1.1 

Registered Office and Agent. The registered office and registered agent of the Company will be as
designated from time to time by the appropriate filing by the Company in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

1.2 

Other Offices. The Company may also have offices elsewhere, both within and without the State of
Delaware, as the board of directors of the Company (Board of Directors) may from time to time determine or as the business of the Company may require. 

2 

Stockholders 

2.1 

Annual Meeting. Unless members of the Board of Directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an
annual meeting pursuant to Section 211(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, an annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (Stockholders) will be held each calendar year on the date and at the time and place (if any)
as designated from time to time by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. If the date chosen for the meeting is a legal holiday, then the meeting will be held on the following business day, at the time specified in the
notice. At such meeting, the Stockholders will elect directors and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. 

2.2 

Special Meeting. A special meeting of the Stockholders may be called at any time by the chairman of the
board of the Company (Chairman of the Board) or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, and shall be called by an Officer of the Company upon the request, delivered to the Chairman of the Board, of the Stockholders
holding not less than ten percent of the voting power all shares entitled to vote at such meeting (assuming the record date for determining Stockholders entities to vote at such meeting was the date the request to call such meeting was delivered to
the Chairman of the Board as required herein). The date, time and place (if any) of the special meeting are to be designated by the person(s) calling the meeting (which, for any meeting requested by Stockholders pursuant to the preceding sentence,
shall be the Officer calling the meeting) and must be stated in the notice of the special meeting; provided that only the Board of Directors shall have the authority to determine that a special meeting of Stockholders shall be held by means
of remote communication. Only the business stated or indicated in the notice of the special meeting may be conducted at the special meeting; provided,that the Board of Directors may include in the notice of a meeting requested by
Stockholders pursuant to this Section any additional business the Board of Directors determines to be appropriate. 

1 

2.3 

Place of Meetings. Meetings of Stockholders will be held at the principal office of the Company unless
(i) another place, within or outside the state of Delaware, is designated for meetings in the manner provided in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 or (ii) the Board of Directors determines that the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote
communication. 

2.4 

Notice. Except as otherwise provided herein or required by law (meaning, here and hereinafter, as
required from time to time by the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Certificate of Incorporation) notice, given in accordance with Section 5.1, stating the place (if any), day and time of each meeting of the Stockholders, the means of
remote communications (if any) by which Stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from
the record date for determining Stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), and, in case of a special meeting, the purpose(s) for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the
meeting, by or at the direction of the Officer or person(s) calling the meeting, to each Stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a
meeting using remote communication), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which Stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in
person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable Stockholders and
proxyholders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with the first paragraph of this Section 2.4; provided, however,that if the
adjournment is for more than 30 days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, notice of the place, if any, date, and time of the adjourned meeting and the means of remote communications, if any, by which Stockholders and
proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, shall be given to each Stockholder in conformity herewith. If after the adjournment a new record date for Stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and, except as
otherwise required by law, shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each Stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the
record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 

2 

2.5 

Voting List. The Company shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of Stockholders,
a complete list of Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting; provided, however, if the record date for determining the Stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the Stockholders
entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of each Stockholder and number of shares registered in the name of each Stockholder. Nothing contained in this Section 2.5 shall
require the Company to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. For a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date, the list will be open to examination by any Stockholder in
the manner provided by law. 

2.6 

Voting of Shares. Shares of the Companys capital stock shall neither be entitled to vote nor be
counted for quorum purposes if such shares belong to (i) the Company; (ii) another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the
Company; or (iii) any other entity, if a majority of the voting power of such other entity is held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or if such other entity is otherwise controlled, director or indirectly, by the Company. Nothing in this
section is to be construed as limiting the right of the Company to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity. All persons holding Company stock in a fiduciary capacity are entitled to vote the
shares so held. Stockholders whose stock is pledged are entitled to vote, unless in the transfer by the pledgor on the books of the Company, such Stockholder has expressly empowered the pledgee to vote thereon, in which case only the pledgee, or
such pledgees proxy, may represent such stock and vote thereon. 

2.7 

Quorum. The holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of stock entitled
to vote at a meeting, present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum at any meeting of Stockholders, except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If a quorum is not present, in person or by proxy,
at any meeting of Stockholders, the Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and who are present, in person or by proxy, or the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting. If no Stockholder entitled to vote is present, any Officer of the
Company may adjourn the meeting without notice other than announcement at the meeting (unless the Board of Directors, after such adjournment, fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting), until a quorum is present, in person or by proxy.

2.8 

Required Vote; Withdrawal of Quorum. At a Stockholders meeting at which a quorum is present, directors
of the Company are to be elected by a plurality of the votes cast and, except as otherwise required by law, all other matters shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively. The Stockholders present at a duly
constituted meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough Stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 

2.9 

Method of Voting; Proxies. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or by law,
each outstanding share is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a Stockholders meeting. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot. At any Stockholders meeting, every Stockholder having the right to vote may do so
either in person or by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, or any other means permitted by law. No proxy will be valid after three
years from its date, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. If no date is stated in a proxy, such proxy will be presumed to have been executed on the date of the meeting at which it is to be voted. Each proxy will be revocable unless it expressly
provides that it is irrevocable and is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power or is otherwise made irrevocable by law. 

3 

The Company may, and to the extent required by law, shall, in advance of any meeting of
Stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The Company may designate one or more alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act
at a meeting of Stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting may, and to the extent required by law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and
sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. Every vote taken by ballots at a meeting at which an inspector is designated shall be counted by an inspector or inspectors
appointed by the chairman of the meeting. 

2.10 

Record Date. 

(a) 

Meetings of Stockholders. In order that the Company may determine the Stockholders entitled to notice of
any meeting of Stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may, except as otherwise required by law, fix a record date, which record date may not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the
Board of Directors, and which record date may not be more than 60 nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the Stockholders entitled to
vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board of
Directors, the record date for determining Stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Stockholders will be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close
of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of Stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Stockholders will apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided,
however,that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of Stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such
adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10 at the adjourned meeting; 

(b) 

Action Without a Meeting. In order that the Company may determine the Stockholders entitled to consent
to corporate action without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date may not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date may not be more than ten
days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining Stockholders entitled to consent to corporate
action without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, will be the first date on which a signed consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is

4 

delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 228(d) of the Delaware General Corporation Law; provided that the Company shall not be required to designate an information
processing system for the receipt of consents from Stockholders. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for determining Stockholders entitled to
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting will be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and 

(c) 

Dividends, Distributions, Other Actions. In order for the Company to determine the Stockholders entitled
to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the Stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the
Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date may not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date may not be more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed,
the record date for determining Stockholders for any such purpose will be at the close of business on the day of which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

2.11 

Conduct of Meeting. The Chairman of the Board, if such office has been filled, and, if not or if the
Chairman of the Board is absent or otherwise unable to act, any Officer of the Company or some person(s) appointed at the meeting will preside at all meetings of Stockholders. Such Officer or person will keep records of each meeting of Stockholders.
The chairman of any meeting of Stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seem to him in order, and shall have the authority
to adjourn any meeting of stockholders. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the Stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. 

2.12 

Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of
Incorporation, any action required to be taken, or which may be taken, by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at any annual or special meeting of Stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a
vote, if a consent(s), setting forth the action taken, is signed by the holders of shares of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which the
holders of all shares entitled to vote on the action were present and voted, provided that such consent is executed and delivered in accordance with Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; provided that the Company
shall not be required to designate an information processing system for the receipt of consents from Stockholders. No consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless consents signed by holders of outstanding stock
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action are delivered to the Company in the manner required by Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law within 60 days of the first
date on which a consent is so delivered to the Company. Any person executing a consent may provide, whether through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that such a consent will be effective at a future time (including a time determined upon the
happening of an event), occurring not later than 60 days after such instruction is given or such provision is made, if evidence of such instruction or provision is provided to the Company. Unless otherwise provided, any such consent shall be
revocable prior to its becoming effective. 

5 

3 

Directors 

3.1 

Management. The business and affairs of the Company will be managed by and under the Board of Directors.
Subject to the restrictions imposed by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company. 

3.2 

Number; Election; Term; Qualification. The number of directors which constitutes the entire Board of
Directors may not be less than one. The first Board of Directors will consist of the number of directors named in the Certificate of Incorporation or, if no directors are so named, will consist of the number of directors elected by the
incorporator(s) at an organizational meeting or by unanimous written consent in lieu of the organizational meeting. Thereafter, within the limits above specified, the number of directors which constitutes the entire Board of Directors will be
determined by resolution of the Board of Directors or by resolution of the Stockholders at the annual meeting or at a special meeting called for that purpose. Except as otherwise required or permitted by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or
these Bylaws, the directors will be elected at an annual meeting of Stockholders at which a quorum is present and in accordance with the provisions for election of directors set forth in Section 2.8, supra. Each director chosen in this manner
will hold office until the first annual meeting of Stockholders held after his election and until his successor is elected and qualified or, if earlier, until his death, resignation, or removal from office. No director need be a Stockholder of the
Company or a Delaware resident. 

3.3 

Change in Number. A decrease in the number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors will
not have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director. Any decrease in the authorized number of directors shall not become effective until the expiration of the term of the directors then in office unless, at the time of such
decrease, there shall be vacancies on the Board of Directors which are being eliminated by the decrease. 

3.4 

Removal and Resignation. At any meeting of Stockholders or, whenever permitted by law and the
Certificate of Incorporation, without a meeting by their consents thereto, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by a vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares then
entitled to vote on the election of directors. 

Any director may resign at any time. The resignations may be in writing
or by electronic transmission and will take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or an Officer. The acceptance of a resignation will not be necessary to
make it effective, unless expressly so provided in the resignation. 

3.5 

Vacancies. Vacancies and newly-created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized
number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Each director so chosen will hold office until the first annual meeting of Stockholders held after his
election and until his successor is elected and qualified or, if earlier, until his death, resignation or 

6 

removal from office. If there are no directors in office, an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly-created
directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole Board of Directors (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any Stockholder(s) holding at least
10% of the voting power of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly-created directorships or to replace the directors chosen by the
directors then in office. Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, when one or more directors resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, will
have the power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation(s) become effective, and each director so chosen will hold office as provided in these Bylaws with respect to the filling of other vacancies.

3.6 

Place of Meetings. The Board of Directors may hold its meetings and may have an office(s) in such
place(s), within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or as is specified in the notice of such meeting or duly executed waiver of notice of such meeting. 

3.7 

First Meeting. Each newly elected Board of Directors may hold its first meeting, if a quorum is present,
immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of Stockholders. Notice of such meeting is not necessary. 

3.8 

Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such times
and places as designated from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors and communicated to all directors. 

3.9 

Special Meetings; Notice. Special meetings of the Board of Directors will be held whenever called by any
director or Officer. Notice of the place, date, and time of such special meeting shall be given to each director by whom it is not waived by mailing written notice not less than five days before the meeting or by facsimile or electronic transmission
of the same not less than 24 hours before the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. Unless
otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at any special meeting of directors. 

3.10 

Quorum; Majority Vote. At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of
directors fixed in the manner provided in these Bylaws will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is not present at a meeting, a majority of the directors present or any director solely present may adjourn the meeting,
without further notice other than an announcement at the meeting until a quorum is present. Except as herein provided or required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of
the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is in attendance. At any time that the Certificate of Incorporation provides that directors elected by the holders of a class or series of stock will have more or less than one vote per director
on any matter, every reference in these Bylaws to a majority or other proportion of directors will refer to a majority or other proportion of the votes of such directors. 

7 

3.11 

Order of Business. At meetings of the Board of Directors, business shall be transacted in such order as
the Board of Directors may determine. The Chairman of the Board, if any, and, if none or if the Chairman of the Board is absent or otherwise unable to act, a chairman is to be chosen by the Board of Directors from among the directors present. An
Officer is to act as the secretary of each meeting of the Board of Directors unless the Board of Directors appoints another person to act as secretary of the meeting. The regular minutes of the proceedings must be placed in the minute book of the
Company. 

3.12 

Compensation. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation, including fees and
reimbursement of expenses, paid to directors, as such, for their services as directors or as members of any committee or the Board of Directors, for their attendance at regular or special meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof;
provided, however,that nothing contained herein be construed to preclude any director from serving the Company in any other capacity or receiving compensation therefor. 

3.13 

Action Without a Meeting. Action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of
Directors or of any committee may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto
shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. 

4 

Committees 

4.1 

Designation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees. 

4.2 

Number; Qualification; Term. Each committee will consist of one or more directors appointed by
resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee. Any such alternate member may replace any absent or disqualified member at any
meeting of the committee. If no alternate committee members have been so appointed to a committee or each alternate committee member is absent or disqualified, the member(s) of the committee present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting,
whether or not a quorum is present, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. The number of committee members may be increased or decreased by
resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board of Directors. Each committee member shall serve as such until the earliest of (a) the expiration of his term as director, (b) his resignation as a committee member or as a director, or
(c) his removal as a committee member or as a director. 

4.3 

Authority. Each committee, to the extent provided in the resolution establishing such committee, will
have and may exercise all of the lawfully delegable authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and property of the Company. 

4.4 

Committee Changes. The Board of Directors will have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to
change the membership of, and to discharge any committee. 

8 

4.5 

Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of any committee may be held without notice at such time and place as
may be designated by the committee and communicated to all its members. 

4.6 

Special Meetings. Special meetings of any committee may be held whenever called by any committee member.
The committee member calling any special meeting must cause notice of such special meeting, including the date, time and place of such special meeting, to be given to each committee member by whom it is not waived, by mailing written notice not less
than five days before the meeting or by causing notice by facsimile or electronic transmission to be given not less than 24 hours before the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting of any committee
need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of the special meeting. 

4.7 

Quorum; Majority Vote. At meetings of any committee, a majority of the number of members designated by
the Board of Directors will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, unless the committee consists of one or two members, in which event one member shall constitute a quorum. If a quorum is not present at a meeting of any committee, a
majority of the members present may adjourn the meeting, without notice, other than an announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. The act of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is in attendance will be the
act of the committee, unless the act of a greater number is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic
transmission. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. 

Each committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as
otherwise provided herein or required by law. 

5 

General Provisions Relating to Meetings 

5.1 

Notice. Whenever by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, notice is required to be
given to any Stockholder and no provision is made as to how such notice must be given, any such notice shall be deemed given: 

(i) 

if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the Stockholder at such
Stockholders mailing address as it appears on the records of the Company; 

(ii) 

if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when received or left at such Stockholders mailing
address (as it appears on the records of the Company); and 

(iii) 

if given by electronic mail (as defined in Section 232(d)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law),
when directed to such Stockholders electronic mail address (as defined in Section 232(d)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law) unless the Stockholder has notified the Company in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection
to receiving notice by electronic mail or such notice is prohibited by Section 232(e) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

9 

Without limited the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to Stockholders, any notice to Stockholders may be given by another form of electronic transmission in the manner
provided in Section 232(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and such notice shall be deemed given as provided in Section 232(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

5.2 

Waiver of Notice. Whenever by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any notice is
required to be given to any Stockholder, director or committee member, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person(s) entitled to such notice or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether before or after the time notice should
have been given, will be equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in such waiver. Attendance of a Stockholder, director or committee member at a meeting will constitute a waiver
of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

5.3 

Telephone and Similar Meetings. Directors or committee members may participate in meetings and hold
meetings by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meetings can hear each other. Participation in such a meeting will constitute presence in person at the meeting, except
where a person participates for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

6 

Officers and Authorized Signatories

6.1 

Number; Titles; Election; Term of Office. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, designate one
or more persons to be officers of the Company (each, an Officer). Any Officer so designated shall have such authority and perform such duties as the Board of Directors may, from time to time, delegate to them. The Board of
Directors may assign titles to Officers but is not required to do so. Unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise, any title assigned to an Officer that is one commonly used for officers of a business corporation formed under the Delaware
General Corporation Law, as amended, the assignment of such title shall constitute the delegation to such officer of authority and duties that are normally associated with that office. Unless otherwise specified by these Bylaws or by resolution of
the Board of Directors, at the first meeting of the Board of Directors after each annual meeting of Stockholders at which a quorum is present, the Board of Directors may elect the Officers. Each Officer will hold office until his successor has been
duly elected and qualified, until his death or until he resigns or has been removed in the manner provided here. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. None of the Officers need be a Stockholder or Company director.

6.2 

Delegations of Authority. In addition to the Officers, the Board of Directors may, from time to time,
delegate one or more persons the authority to sign for and on behalf of the Company (individually and without further consent from the Company, subject to any restrictions on such authority imposed by the Board of Directors, each an
Authorized Signatory). 

10 

6.3 

Removal and Resignation. Each Officers term of office and each Authorized Signatorys
delegation of authority shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of (i) his or her death or disability or (ii) the date upon which such person ceases, for any reason, to be employed by any entity controlled by TPG Inc. (or a
successor thereto). Any Officer, Authorized Signatory or other agent elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at any time, by the Board of Directors but such removal will be without prejudice to the
contract rights, if any, of the person removed. Election or appointment of an officer or agent will not of itself create contract rights. An Officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Company. The acceptance of a resignation will not
be necessary to make it effective unless so provided in the resignation. 

6.4 

Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Company may be filled by the Board of Directors.

6.5 

Authority. Without limiting the general authority of the Officers pursuant to applicable law or general
delegation to the Authorized Signatories set forth above, each such person acting alone, shall have the power, and is hereby authorized, to (i) negotiate, approve, enter into, execute and deliver any and all agreements, notices, instruments or
other documents of any kind or type whatsoever (collectively, Documents) as such person shall determine to be necessary or appropriate to be executed by the Company in connection with the Companys business and affairs (in
any applicable capacity) and to make such changes or modifications to any Document as such person deems necessary or appropriate from time to time; (ii) negotiate, approve, execute and deliver any other agreements, certificates, undertakings,
instruments or other documents contemplated by the foregoing or otherwise deemed necessary or appropriate by such person in connection with the transactions contemplated by any Document; (iii) file all such applications, notices, certificates,
documents and other instruments as shall appear to such person to be necessary or appropriate with any federal, state, local or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the transactions contemplated by any Document, and to seek such
approval from and give such notices to, any private persons or entities as are deemed necessary or appropriate by such person, to consummate the transactions contemplated by any Document; and (iv) to take any and all other actions as such
person may approve as being necessary or appropriate to carry out and effectuate the transactions contemplated by any Document. In each case, the execution and delivery of such agreements or other documents, or the taking of such actions, shall be
conclusive evidence of such persons approval thereof, or any necessary determination with respect thereto, and no further approval by the Company shall be required. All acts and deeds of the Officers or Authorized Signatories of the Company
which are consistent therewith be, and the same hereby are, in all respects, ratified, approved, and adopted as the acts and deeds of the Company. Officers will have the authority and perform such duties in the management of the Company as provided
in these Bylaws or as may be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors not inconsistent with these Bylaws. 

6.6 

Compensation. The compensation, if any, of Officers and agents will be fixed from time to time by the
Board of Directors; provided, however,that the Board of Directors may by resolution delegate to any one or more Officers the authority to fix such compensation. 

6.7 

Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board, if one is elected by the Board of Directors, will have
those powers and duties as prescribed by the Board of Directors. 

11 

7 

Certificates and Stockholders

7.1 

Certificates for Shares. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, shares of stock of the
Company shall be uncertificated. Certificates for shares of stock of the Company, if any, will be in the form approved by the Board of Directors. The certificates must be signed by two Officers. Any and all signatures on the certificates may be a
facsimile and may be sealed with the Company seal or a facsimile thereof. If any Officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, a certificate has ceased to be an Officer, transfer agent or
registrar before the certificate is issued, the certificate may be issued by the Company with the same effect as if he or she were an Officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 

7.2 

Consideration for Shares. The consideration for subscriptions to, or the purchase of shares of capital
stock to be issued by the Company, must be paid in the form and in the manner that the Board of Directors determines. In the absence of actual fraud in the transaction, the judgment of the directors as to the value of such consideration will be
conclusive. 

7.3 

Replacement of Lost or Destroyed Certificates. The Board of Directors may issue a new certificate of
stock or uncertificated shares in place of any certificate issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his, her or its legal
representative to give the Company a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of the certificate or the issuance of a new certificate of stock or
uncertificated shares. 

7.4 

Transfer of Shares. Transfers of stock shall be made only upon the transfer books of the Company kept at
an office of the Company or by transfer agents designated to transfer shares of the stock of the Company. Except where a certificate is issued in accordance with Section 7.3 of these Bylaws, an outstanding certificate, if one has been issued,
for the number of shares involved shall be surrendered for cancellation before a new certificate, if any, is issued therefor. 

7.5 

Registered Stockholders. The Company will be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share(s) of
stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, will not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to such share(s) on the part of any other person, whether or not it has express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided
by law. 

7.6 

Regulations. The Board of Directors will have the power and authority to make all rules and regulations
as they deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer, registration or the replacement of certificates for shares of Company stock. 

7.7 

Legends. The Board of Directors will have the power and authority to provide that certificates
representing shares of stock bear those legends that the Board of Directors deems appropriate to assure that the Company complies with applicable federal and state securities laws or other laws. 

12 

8 

Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees and Agents

8.1 

Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to
or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent
of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another Company or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee
benefit plan (hereinafter an indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director,
officer, employee, agent or trustee, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent
that such amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines,
ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however,that, except as provided in Section 8.3 with respect to
proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Company shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of
Directors of the Company. 

8.2 

Right to Advancement of Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in
Section 8.1, an indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Company the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement of
expenses); provided, however,that, if the Delaware General Company Law requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in
which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Company of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking), by or on behalf of
such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to
be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 8.2 or otherwise. 

8.3 

Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 8.1 or 8.2 is not paid in full by the
Company within 60 days after a written claim has been received by the Company, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit
against the Company to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the
terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by
the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Company shall be
entitled to recover such expenses upon a final 

13 

adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the Delaware General Company Law. Neither the failure of the Company (including its
directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the
circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Company Law, nor an actual determination by the Company (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of
such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of
such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article EIGHT or otherwise shall be on the Company. 

8.4 

Successful Defense of a Proceeding. To the extent an indemnitee has been successful on the merits or
otherwise in defense of any proceeding (or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein), such indemnitee shall be indemnified under this Section 8.4 against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred in
connection with such defense. Indemnification under this Section 8.4 shall not require an indemnitee to satisfy any standard of conduct, and the Company may not assert a failure to satisfy any standard of conduct as a basis to deny
indemnification or recover amounts advanced, including in a quit brought pursuant to Section 8.2 of this Article 8 (notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained therein); provided, however,that, any indemnitee
who is not a current or former director or officer (as such term is defined in the final sentence of Section 145(c)(1) of the Delaware General Corporation Law) shall be indemnified under Section 8.1 and this Section 8.4
only if such indemnitee has satisfied the standard of conduct required for indemnification under Section 145(a) or Section 145(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

8.5 

Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to indemnification and to
the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of
stockholders or directors or otherwise. 

8.6 

Insurance. The Company may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company or another Company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such
expense, liability or loss under the Delaware General Company Law. 

8.7 

Nature of Rights. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article shall be contract rights
and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this
Article that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any
action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal. 

14 

9 

Miscellaneous Provisions

9.1 

Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Company, subject to the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation and applicable statutes, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, property or shares of the capital stock. 

9.2 

Reserves. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Company
available for dividends the sum(s) that the directors, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve(s) to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Company or for such other
purpose as the directors may find conducive to the interests of the Company, and the directors may modify or abolish any reserve in the manner in which it was created. 

9.3 

Books and Records. The Company must keep correct and complete books and records of account and must keep
minutes of the proceedings of its Stockholders and Board of Directors. The Company must keep at its registered office or principal place of business or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar, a record of the original issuance of shares by
the Company and a record of each transfer of those shares that have been presented to the Company for registration of transfer, giving the names and addresses of all past and current Stockholders and the number and class of the shares held by each.

9.4 

Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Company will be fixed by the Board of Directors; provided,
however,that if the fiscal year is not fixed by the Board of Directors and the selection of the fiscal year is not expressly deferred by the Board of Directors, the fiscal year will be the calendar year. 

9.5 

Seal. The seal of the Company will be in the form approved from time to time by the Board of Directors.

9.6 

Securities of Other Entities. Any Officer designated by the Board of Directors will have the power and
authority to transfer, endorse for transfer, vote, consent or take any other action with respect to any securities of another issuer which may be held or owned by the Company and to make, execute and deliver any waiver, proxy or consent with respect
to any such securities. 

9.7 

Invalid Provisions. To the extent that any provision of these Bylaws (including without limitation any
provision of this paragraph) is found to be invalid or unenforceable: (1) such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of these Bylaws; (2) such provision found to be invalid
shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent manifested by such provision; and (3) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of these Bylaws shall be construed
to as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 

15 

9.8 

Attestation by a Secretary. With respect to any deed, deed of trust, mortgage or other instrument
executed by the Company through its Officer(s), the attestation to such execution by a Secretary will not be necessary to constitute such deed, deed of trust, mortgage or other instrument a valid and binding obligation against the Company unless the
resolutions, if any, of the Board of Directors authorizing such execution expressly state that such attestation is necessary. 

9.9 

Headings; Table of Contents. The headings and table of contents used in these Bylaws have been inserted
for administrative convenience only and do not constitute matter to be construed in the interpretation of these Bylaws. 

9.10 

References. In these Bylaws, whenever the singular number is used, the same includes the plural where
appropriate and words of any gender include each other gender where appropriate. 

9.11 

Amendments. These Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors at any meeting or by the
stockholders at any meeting. 

9.12 

Facsimile Signatures. In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere
specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any Officer or Officers of the Company may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 

9.13 

Reliance upon Books, Reports and Records. Each director, each member of any committee designated by the
Board of Directors, and each Officer of the Company shall, in the performance of his duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Company and upon such information, opinions, reports or
statements presented to the Company by any of its Officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors so designated, or by any other person as to matters which such director or committee member reasonably believes are within such other
persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company. 

9.14 

Time Periods. In applying any provision of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be
done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall
be included. 

10 

Emergency Bylaws

10.1 

Emergency Bylaws. The provisions of this Section 10.1 shall be operative during any emergency
condition as contemplated by Section 110 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, notwithstanding any different or conflicting provisions in these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Delaware General Corporation Law. In the event of
any such emergency condition, the director or directors in attendance at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a standing committee thereof shall constitute a quorum. Such director or directors in attendance may further take action to appoint one
or more of themselves or other directors to membership on any standing or temporary committees of the Board of Directors as they shall deem necessary and appropriate. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, during any such
emergency condition, the Company and its directors and Officers, may exercise any authority and take any action or measure that is contemplated by Section 110 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d870221dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Altus Power Closes Transaction with TPG 

Stamford, Conn. - April 16, 2025 - Altus Power, Inc. (Altus Power or the Company) (NYSE: AMPS), a leading commercial-scale provider of
clean, electric power, today announced the completion of its acquisition by TPG through its TPG Rise Climate Transition Infrastructure strategy in an all-cash transaction that valued the Company at
approximately $2.2 billion, including outstanding debt. As a result of the transaction, Altus Power is now a privately-held company. 

The
successful close of this transaction marks a pivotal moment for Altus Power, our stockholders, employees and partners. By partnering with TPG Rise Climate Transition Infrastructure, who shares our long-term vision for the future of clean energy, we
believe we are unlocking significant value for our stockholders and accelerating our long-term growth strategy, said Gregg Felton, CEO of Altus Power. As demand for power continues to rise, businesses, utilities and communities are
desperate for scalable, grid-enhancing solutions that generate incremental power in locations where its needed. We expect this partnership to strengthen our ability to deliver clean energy faster and at greater scale, positioning Altus to lead
the next phase of clean energy expansion. 

Under the terms of the transaction, Altus Power stockholders will receive $5.00 in cash, without interest
and minus any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of Altus Power Class A common stock owned immediately prior to the closing of the transaction. The transaction was initially announced on February 6, 2025, and received approval
from the Companys stockholders on April 9, 2025. As a result of completion of the transaction, the Companys Class A common stock ceased trading prior to the opening of trading on April 16, 2025 and will be removed from
listing on the New York Stock Exchange. With the delisting from the New York Stock Exchange, Altus Power also intends to terminate the registration of its Class A common stock and suspend its reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

Advisors 

Moelis & Company LLC
is acting as financial advisor to Altus Power and Latham & Watkins LLP is acting as legal counsel to Altus Power. PJT Partners is acting as financial advisor to TPG Rise Climate and Kirkland & Ellis LLP is acting as legal counsel
to TPG Rise Climate. 

About Altus Power 

Altus Power,
based in Stamford, Conn., is a leading commercial-scale provider of clean electric power serving commercial, industrial, public sector and Community Solar customers with
end-to-end solutions. Altus Power originates, develops, owns and operates locally sited solar generation, energy storage and charging infrastructure across the nation.
Visit www.altuspower.com to learn more. 

About TPG Rise Climate 

TPG Rise Climate is the dedicated climate investing platform of TPG, a leading global alternative asset management firm. With dedicated pools of capital across
private equity, transition infrastructure, and the Global South, TPG Rise Climate pursues climate-related investments that benefit from the diverse skills of TPGs investing professionals around the world, the strategic relationships and
insights developed across TPGs broad portfolio of climate companies, and a global network of executives, advisors, and corporate partners. As part of TPGs $27 billion global impact investing platform, TPG Rise Climate invests
broadly across the climate sector, with a focus on building and scaling leading climate solutions across the following thematic areas: clean electrons, clean molecules and materials, and negative emissions. 

For more information, please visit www.therisefund.com/tpgriseclimate. 

Media Contact: 

Altus Power 

Jenny Volanakis 

mediarelations@altuspower.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>amps-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>amps-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>amps-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001828723

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Altus Power, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39798

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3448396

Entity Address, Address Line One 2200 Atlantic Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 6th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Stamford

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06902

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 698-0090

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A common stock, par value $.0001

Trading Symbol AMPS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.altuspower.com//20250415/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amps-20250415.xsd 
amps-20250415_lab.xml 
amps-20250415_pre.xml 
d870221d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-082841-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d870221d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001828723 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

false 
0001828723 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
Altus Power, Inc. 
DE 
001-39798 
85-3448396 
2200 Atlantic Street 
6th Floor 
Stamford 
CT 
06902 
(203) 
698-0090 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $.0001 
AMPS 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>