<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-020019.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-020019.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204160600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-020019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Logan Ridge Finance Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571329
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				900945675
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01022
		FILM NUMBER:		25588138

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-891-2880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Capitala Finance Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130306
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d830247d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Logan Ridge Finance Corp.false000157132900015713292025-01-292025-01-29

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2025

Logan Ridge Finance Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 814-01022 90-0945675

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

650 Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, New York 10022

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(Registrants telephone number, including area code): (212)891-2880

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share LRFC The NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Agreement and Plan of Merger 

On January 29, 2025, Logan Ridge Finance Corporation, a Maryland corporation (LRFC), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (PTMN and, together with LRFC, the Funds and each, a Fund); Portman Ridge Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PTMN (Merger Sub); solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Mount Logan Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the external investment adviser to LRFC (Mount Logan); and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the external investment adviser to PTMN (SCIM). The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the First Merger (the Effective Time), Merger Sub will be merged with and into LRFC (the First Merger), with LRFC continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of PTMN. Immediately after the Effective Time, LRFC will merge with and into PTMN (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers), with PTMN continuing as the surviving company. The boards of directors of both PTMN (the PTMN Board) and LRFC (the LRFC Board and, together with the PTMN Board, the Boards), including all of the respective directors (the Independent Directors) who are not interested persons of either Fund or its respective external investment adviser, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), in each case, on the recommendation of a special committee (a Special Committee) comprised solely of the Independent Directors of PTMN or LRFC, as applicable, have approved, among other things, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (the Transactions). The parties to the Merger Agreement intend for the Mergers, taken together, to be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Review Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). 

Merger Consideration 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of LRFC (LRFC Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares owned by PTMN or any of its consolidated subsidiaries, including Merger Sub) will be converted into the right to receive 1.500 newly-issued shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of PTMN (PTMN Common Stock), with cash to be paid (without interest) in lieu of fractional shares (the Merger Consideration). LRFC has no preferred stock outstanding, and no preferred stock will be issued by PTMN as a result of the Mergers. 

Tax Distribution 

Prior to the closing of the Mergers, LRFC will declare and pay to LRFC stockholders one or more dividends in order for LRFC to maintain its qualification as a regulated investment company under the Code and to avoid the imposition of material income tax on LRFCs undistributed income under Section 852(b) of the Code for any taxable year ending before the closing of the Mergers, which amount is required to be no less than $1.0 million. As of the date of the execution of the Merger Agreement, LRFC estimated this amount to be less than approximately $1.5 million. 

Termination Rights 

The Merger Agreement contains customary termination rights for each of the PTMN and LRFC, including the requirement that shareholders of PTMN and LRFC approve the First Merger. Further, the Merger Agreement provides each Special Committee a termination right that allows for the applicable party (on the recommendation of the applicable Special Committee) to terminate the Merger Agreement if the applicable Special Committee has determined, reasonably and in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, as a result of events or other circumstances occurring or arising after the date of the signing of the Merger Agreement that were not known to the applicable Board, that the interests of their respective stockholders would be diluted within the meaning of Rule 17a-8 under the 1940 Act as a result of the Transactions. 

Representations, Warranties and Covenants 

The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties by each of PTMN, LRFC, Mount Logan and SCIM, subject to specific exceptions and qualifications. The Merger Agreement also contains customary covenants, including, among others, covenants relating to the operation of each of PTMNs and LRFCs businesses during the period prior to closing of the Mergers, the preparation of a registration statement on Form N-14 (the Registration Statement), the holding of special meetings of the stockholders of PTMN and LRFC, and obtaining certain regulatory and third party consents, if any. PTMN and LRFC have agreed to convene and hold stockholder meetings for the purposes of obtaining the approvals required of PTMNs and LRFCs stockholders, respectively, and have agreed to recommend that the stockholders approve the applicable proposals. 

The Merger Agreement includes restrictions on the ability of PTMN and LRFC to solicit proposals for alternative transactions or engage in discussions regarding such proposals, subject to exceptions and termination provisions, which could have the effect of discouraging such proposals from being made or pursued. However, either of the Boards may, subject to certain conditions, change its recommendation to its respective Funds stockholders, terminate the Merger Agreement and enter into an agreement with respect to a superior proposal if its Special Committee determines in its reasonable good faith judgement, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, that the failure to take such action would be a breach of the Boards statutory or fiduciary duties under applicable law (taking into account, among other factors, any changes to the Merger Agreement proposed by the other Fund). 

Conditions to the Mergers 

Consummation of the Mergers, which is currently anticipated to occur during the second quarter of calendar year 2025, is subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (1) requisite approvals of PTMNs and LRFCs stockholders, (2) effectiveness of the Registration Statement for the PTMN Common Stock to be issued as consideration in the First Merger, (3) the authorization for listing on the NASDAQ Global Select Market of the PTMN Common Stock to be issued as consideration in the First Merger, (4) the absence of litigation or certain legal impediments to the consummation of the Mergers, (5) required regulatory approvals, (6) subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties and compliance with the covenants of each party to the Merger Agreement, (7) the receipt of any approvals required in connection with LRFCs indebtedness and (8) the shares of the PTMN Common Stock to be issued as consideration in the First Merger being sold at a price equal to or greater than the net asset value per share. 

General 

The foregoing summary description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. 

The Merger Agreement has been filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K in order to provide investors and security holders with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other information about the parties thereto or their respective subsidiaries and affiliates. The Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants and agreements that were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of specific dates; were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement (except as may be expressly set forth in the Merger Agreement); may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts; and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors and security holders should not rely on such representations, warranties, covenants or agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any of the parties to the Merger Agreement or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures by the parties to the Merger Agreement. 

Forward Looking Statements 

Some of the statements in this document constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events, future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements may include statements as to future operating results of PTMN and LRFC, and distribution projections; business prospects of PTMN and LRFC, and the prospects of their portfolio companies; and the impact of the investments that PTMN and LRFC expect to make. In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect, seek, plan, should, estimate, project and intend indicate forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this document involve risks and uncertainties. Certain factors could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected, including the uncertainties associated with (i) the ability of the parties to consummate the merger on the expected timeline, or at all; (ii) the expected synergies and savings associated with the merger; (iii) the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger, including the expected elimination of certain expenses and costs due to the merger; (iv) the percentage of PTMN shareholders and LRFC shareholders voting in favor of the applicable Proposal (as defined below) submitted for their approval; (v) the possibility that competing offers or acquisition proposals will be made; (vi) the possibility that any or all of the various conditions to the consummation of the merger may not be satisfied or waived; (vii) risks related to diverting managements attention from ongoing business operations; (viii) the combined companys plans, expectations, objectives and intentions, as a result of the merger; (ix) any potential termination of the merger agreement; (x) the future operating results and net investment income projections of PTMN, LRFC or, following the closing of the merger, the combined company; (xi) the ability of Sierra Crest to implement its future plans with respect to the combined company; (xii) the ability of Sierra Crest and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; (xiii) the business prospects of PTMN, LRFC or, following the closing of the merger, the combined company, and the prospects of their portfolio companies; (xiv) the impact of the investments that PTMN, LRFC or, following the closing of the merger, the combined company expect to make; (xv) the ability of the portfolio companies of PTMN, LRFC or, following the closing of the merger, the combined company to achieve their objectives; (xvi) the expected financings and investments and additional leverage that PTMN, LRFC or, following the closing of the merger, the combined company may seek to incur in the future; (xvii) the adequacy of the cash resources and working capital of PTMN, LRFC or, following the closing of the merger, the combined company; (xviii) the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of the portfolio companies of PTMN, LRFC or, following the closing of the merger, the combined company; (xix) the risk that stockholder litigation in connection with the merger may result in significant costs of defense and liability; and (xx) future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws and regulations by regulatory authorities). PTMN and LRFC have based the forward-looking statements included in this document on information available to them on the date hereof, and they assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although PTMN and LRFC undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that they may make directly to you or through reports that PTMN and LRFC in the future may file with the SEC, including the Joint Proxy Statement and Registration Statement (in each case, as defined below), annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K.

Additional Information and Where to Find It 

This document relates to the proposed merger and certain related matters (the Proposals). In connection with the Proposals, PTMN will file with the SEC and mail to its and LRFCs respective shareholders a combined joint proxy statement for PTMN and LRFC and a prospectus of PTMN (the Registration Statement). The Registration Statement will contain important information about PTMN, LRFC and the Proposals. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. SHAREHOLDERS OF PTMN AND LRFC ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS THAT ARE FILED OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PTMN, LRFC AND THE PROPOSALS. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain the documents filed with the SEC free of charge at the SECs website, http://www.sec.gov or, for documents filed by PTMN, from PTMNs website at https://www.portmanridge.com, and, for documents filed by LRFC, from LRFCs website at https://www.loganridgefinance.com. 

Participants in the Solicitation 

PTMN, its directors, certain of its executive officers and certain employees and officers of Sierra Crest and its affiliates may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Proposals. Information about the directors and executive officers of PTMN is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024. LRFC, its directors, certain of its executive officers and certain employees and officers of Mount Logan and its affiliates may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Proposals. Information about the directors and executive officers of LRFC is set forth in the proxy statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered participants in the solicitation of the PTMN and LRFC shareholders in connection with the Proposals will be contained in the Registration Statement, including the Joint Proxy Statement included therein, and other relevant materials when such documents become available. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. 

No Offer or Solicitation 

This document is not, and under no circumstances is it to be construed as, a prospectus or an advertisement and the communication of this document is not, and under no circumstances is it to be construed as, an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities in PTMN, LRFC or in any fund or other investment vehicle managed by BC Partners or any of its affiliates. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Exhibit

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Portman Ridge Finance Corporation, Logan Ridge Finance Corporation, Portman Ridge Merger Sub, Inc., Mount Logan Management LLC (for the limited purposes set forth therein) and Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC (for the limited purposes set forth therein), dated as of January 29, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Brandon Satoren

Name: Brandon Satoren

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: February 4, 2025 

[Signature Page to Merger Signing 8-K (LRFC)]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d830247dex21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.1
<TEXT>
EX-2.1

Exhibit 2.1 

Execution Version 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

among 

PORTMAN RIDGE
FINANCE CORPORATION, 

PORTMAN RIDGE MERGER SUB, INC., 

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION, 

SIERRA CREST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC 

(for the limited purposes set forth herein) 

and 

MOUNT LOGAN
MANAGEMENT LLC 

(for the limited purposes set forth herein) 

Dated as of January 29, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Article I THE MERGERS 2 

1.1. The Merger 2 

1.2. Closing 2 

1.3. Effective Time 2 

1.4. Effects of the Merger 3 

1.5. Conversion of Capital Stock 3 

1.6. Termination of Certain Contractual Obligations 4 

1.7. The Second Merger 4 

1.8. Charter; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws 5 

1.9. Directors and Officers 5 

Article II MERGER CONSIDERATION 6 

2.1. Designation of Exchange Agent; Deposit of Merger Consideration 6 

2.2. Delivery of Merger Consideration 6 

2.3. No Further Ownership Rights; Transfers 8 

2.4. [Reserved] 8 

2.5. Termination of Exchange Fund 8 

2.6. No Liability 8 

2.7. Lost Certificates 8 

2.8. Withholding Rights 9 

Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 9 

3.1. Corporate Organization 9 

3.2. Capitalization 10 

3.3. Authority; No Violation 11 

3.4. Governmental Consents 12 

3.5. Reports 12 

3.6. Company Financial Statements 13 

3.7. Brokers Fees 16 

3.8. Absence of Changes or Events 16 

3.9. Compliance with Applicable Law; Permits 16 

3.10. Company Information 17 

3.11. Taxes and Tax Returns 18 

3.12. Litigation 20 

3.13. Employee Matters 20 

3.14. Certain Contracts 20 

3.15. Insurance Coverage 21 

3.16. Intellectual Property 21 

3.17. Real Property 22 

3.18. Investment Assets 22 

3.19. State Takeover Laws 22 

3.20. Appraisal Rights 22 

3.21. Opinion of Financial Advisor 22 

3.22. Chapter 11 23 

3.23. Valuation 23 

Article IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ACQUIROR AND MERGER
SUB 23 

4.1. Corporate Organization 23 

4.2. Capitalization 24 

4.3. Authority; No Violation 25 

4.4. Governmental Consents 26 

4.5. Reports 27 

4.6. Acquiror Financial Statements 28 

4.7. Brokers Fees 30 

4.8. Absence of Changes or Events 30 

4.9. Compliance with Applicable Law; Permits 31 

4.10. Acquiror Information 32 

4.11. Taxes and Tax Returns 32 

4.12. Litigation 34 

4.13. Employee Matters 34 

4.14. Certain Contracts 35 

4.15. Insurance Coverage 36 

4.16. Intellectual Property 36 

4.17. Real Property 36 

4.18. Investment Assets 36 

4.19. State Takeover Laws 37 

4.20. Opinion of Financial Advisor 37 

4.21. Chapter 11 37 

4.22. Valuation 37 

Article V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ACQUIROR ADVISER AND THE
COMPANY ADVISER 37 

5.1. Organization 37 

5.2. Authority; No Violation 38 

5.3. Compliance with Applicable Law; Permits 39 

5.4. Litigation 40 

5.5. Acquiror Adviser Information 40 

5.6. Financial Resources 40 

5.7. Best Interests and No Dilution 40 

5.8. Forbearances 40 

5.9. Representations and Warranties 41 

Article VI COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 41 

6.1. Conduct of Businesses Prior to the Effective Time 41 

6.2. Company Forbearances 41 

6.3. Acquiror Forbearances 43 

ii 

Article VII ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 46 

7.1. Further Assurances 46 

7.2. Regulatory Matters 47 

7.3. Stockholder Approval 49 

7.4. Indemnification 51 

7.5. No Solicitation 52 

7.6. Company Takeover Proposals 54 

7.7. Acquiror Takeover Proposals 57 

7.8. Access to Information 60 

7.9. Publicity 60 

7.10. Takeover Statutes and Provisions 61 

7.11. Tax Matters 61 

7.12. Stockholder Litigation 61 

7.13. Section 16 Matters 62 

7.14. No Other Representations or Warranties 62 

7.15. Merger of Surviving Company 62 

7.16. Coordination of Dividends 62 

7.17. NASDAQ Listing 62 

7.18. Net Asset Value Calculation 63 

Article VIII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 64 

8.1. Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to Effect the Merger 64 

8.2. Conditions to Obligations of the Acquiror and Merger Sub to Effect the Merger 65 

8.3. Conditions to Obligations of the Company to Effect the Merger 66 

8.4. Frustration of Closing Conditions 68 

Article IX TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT 68 

9.1. Termination 68 

9.2. Expense Reimbursement 72 

9.3. Effect of Termination 72 

9.4. Fees and Expenses 73 

9.5. Amendment 73 

9.6. Extension; Waiver 73 

Article X CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 74 

Article XI GENERAL PROVISIONS 83 

11.1. Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements 83 

11.2. Notices 83 

11.3. Interpretation; Construction 85 

11.4. Counterparts 85 

11.5. Entire Agreement 85 

11.6. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 85 

11.7. Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries 86 

11.8. Specific Performance 86 

11.9. Special Committee Approval 87 

iii 

Schedules 

Company Disclosure Schedule 

Acquiror Disclosure Schedule 

iv 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of January 29, 2025 (this Agreement), is made by and among Portman Ridge
Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Acquiror); Portman Ridge Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and a wholly-owned direct Consolidated Subsidiary of the Acquiror (Merger Sub); Logan Ridge
Finance Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Company); solely for purposes of Article V, Section 7.18(d), Section 8.2 and Article XI, Mount Logan Management
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the investment adviser to the Company (the Company Adviser); and, solely for purposes of Article V, Section 7.18(d),
Section 8.3 and Article XI, Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the investment adviser to the Acquiror (the Acquiror Adviser). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, each
of the Acquiror and the Company has previously elected to be regulated as a business development company (BDC), as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules promulgated
thereunder (the Investment Company Act), and is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ); 

WHEREAS, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Merger Sub shall merge with and into the Company (the
Merger), with the Company as the surviving company in the Merger (sometimes referred to in such capacity as the Surviving Company); 

WHEREAS, immediately following the Merger, the Surviving Company shall merge with and into the Acquiror (the Second Merger
and, together with the Merger, the Mergers), with the Acquiror as the surviving company in the Second Merger; 

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Company Board), including all of the Company Continuing Directors, upon the recommendation of a committee of the Company Board comprised solely of the Independent Directors of the Company
(the Company Special Committee), has unanimously (i) determined that (x) this Agreement and the Merger and the related Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of the Company and (y) the interests of the
Companys existing stockholders will not be diluted as a result of the Transactions, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Merger and other Company Matters), (iii) directed that
the approval of the Company Matters be submitted to the Companys stockholders at the Company Stockholders Meeting and (iv) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Company approve the Company Matters, including the Merger; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Acquiror (the Acquiror Board), upon the recommendation of a committee of the
Acquiror Board comprised solely of the Independent Directors of the Acquiror (the Acquiror Special Committee), has unanimously (i) determined that (x) this Agreement and the Mergers and the related Transactions are
advisable and in the best interests of the Acquiror and its stockholders and (y) the interests of the Acquirors existing stockholders will not be diluted as a result of the Transactions, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable
this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Merger and the Acquiror Matters), (iii) directed that the approval of the Acquiror Matters be submitted to the Acquirors stockholders at the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting and
(iv) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Acquiror approve the Acquiror Matters; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Merger Sub has unanimously (i) determined that this
Agreement and the Mergers and the related Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of Merger Sub, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Merger) and (iii) resolved to
recommend the approval of the Transactions (including the Merger) by the Acquiror, in the Acquirors capacity as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub; 

WHEREAS, the parties intend the Mergers to be treated as a single integrated transaction and to qualify as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and intend for this Agreement to constitute a plan of reorganization
within the meaning of the Code; and 

WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and other
agreements in connection with the Transactions and also to prescribe certain conditions to the Transactions. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

THE
MERGERS 

1.1. The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the Maryland General
Corporation Law (the MGCL), at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall merge with and into the Company, and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease. The Company shall be the surviving company in the Merger and
shall continue its existence as a corporation under the MGCL. 

1.2. Closing. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the Closing) shall take place by remote communication and by the exchange of signatures by electronic transmission on the date that is three (3) Business Days after the
satisfaction or waiver of the latest to occur of the conditions set forth in Article VIII (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions),
unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties to this Agreement (the date on which the Closing actually occurs, the Closing Date). 

1.3. Effective Time. The Merger shall become effective as set forth in the articles of merger with respect to the Merger (the
First Articles of Merger) that shall be filed with, and accepted for record by, the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the MD SDAT). The term Effective Time shall be the
date and time when the Merger becomes effective as set forth in the First Articles of Merger. 

2 

1.4. Effects of the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall
have the effects set forth in the MGCL. 

1.5. Conversion of Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the Company, the Acquiror or Merger Sub or the holder of any of the following securities: 

(a) Each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Company. 

(b) All shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (Company Common Stock) that are
issued and outstanding and are owned by the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no shares of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of the Acquiror (Acquiror Common Stock) or any other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor (such shares, the Cancelled Shares). 

(c) Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (except for the
Cancelled Shares) shall be converted, in accordance with and subject to the procedures set forth in Article II, into the right to receive a number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio and, if applicable, cash in lieu
of fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock payable in accordance with Section 1.5(f) (such shares of Acquiror Common Stock and any such cash in lieu of fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock, the
Merger Consideration), in all cases without interest. The amount of cash each holder of Company Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time is entitled to receive pursuant to this
Section 1.5(c) shall be rounded down to the nearest cent, and computed after aggregating all cash amounts for all shares of Company Common Stock then held by such holder. 

(d) All of the shares of Company Common Stock converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to this
Article I shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist as of the Effective Time, and each holder of a certificate (Certificate) or book-entry share (Book-Entry
Share) that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented an outstanding share of Company Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with respect to such Certificate or Book-Entry Share other than the right to receive, upon
surrender of such Certificate or Book-Entry Share in accordance with Section 2.2, the Merger Consideration. 

(e) The Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted if, between the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, the respective outstanding shares of Acquiror Common Stock or Company Common Stock shall have been increased or decreased or changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or securities, in each case, as a result
of any reclassification, recapitalization, 

3 

stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, combination or exchange of shares, or if a stock dividend or dividend payable in any other securities shall be
authorized and declared with a record date within such period, as permitted by this Agreement, in each case to provide the stockholders of the Acquiror and the Company the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event.
Nothing in this Section 1.5(e) shall be construed to permit any party hereto to take any action that is otherwise prohibited or restricted by any other provision of this Agreement. 

(f) No certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of
Company Common Stock pursuant to this Section 1.5, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to any shares of Acquiror Common Stock or to vote or to any other rights or powers of a holder of
Acquiror Common Stock. In lieu of any such fractional shares, each holder of Company Common Stock who would otherwise be entitled to such fractional shares shall be entitled to an amount in cash, without interest, rounded down to the nearest cent,
equal to the product of (A) the amount of the fractional share interest in a share of Acquiror Common Stock to which such holder would, but for this Section 1.5(f), be entitled under Section 1.5(c), as so
rounded pursuant to the immediately following sentence, and (B) the volume-weighted average trading price of a share of Acquiror Common Stock on NASDAQ for the five (5) consecutive Trading Days ending on the third Trading Day preceding the
Closing Date (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. or its successor or, if not reported thereon, another authoritative source selected by the Acquiror that is reasonably acceptable to the Company). All fractional shares to which a single record holder of
Company Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time would be otherwise entitled to receive shall be aggregated and calculations shall be rounded to three (3) decimal places. As soon as practicable after the determination of the
amount of cash, if any, to be paid to holders of Company Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time in lieu of any fractional share interests in Acquiror Common Stock, the Exchange Agent shall make available such amount, without
interest, to such holders of Company Common Stock entitled to receive such cash. The payment of cash in lieu of fractional share interests pursuant to this Section 1.5(f) is not a separately
bargained-for consideration. 

1.6. Termination of Certain Contractual Obligations. As of
the Effective Time, the Company Advisory Agreement and the Company Administration Agreements shall be terminated and of no further force and effect. 

1.7. The Second Merger. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the MGCL and Section 253 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DGCL), at the Second Effective Time, the Surviving Company shall merge with and into the Acquiror and the separate corporate existence of the Surviving Company shall cease. The Acquiror shall be the
surviving company in the Second Merger and shall continue its existence as a corporation under the Laws of the State of Delaware. The Second Merger shall become effective as set forth in (i) the articles of merger with respect to the Second
Merger (the Second Articles of Merger) that the Acquiror shall file with the MD SDAT and (ii) the certificate of ownership and merger with respect to the Second Merger (the Certificate of Merger) that the
Acquiror shall file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the DE Secretary) (the Second Effective Time). At and after the Second Effective Time, the Second Merger shall have the effects set forth
in the MGCL and the DGCL. 

4 

(b) At the Second Effective Time, by virtue of the Second Merger and without
any action on the part of the Acquiror or the Surviving Company or the holder of any of the following securities, (i) each share of common stock of the Surviving Company issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Second Effective
Time shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be exchanged therefor; and (ii) each share of Acquiror Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall remain outstanding as
an identical share of Acquiror Common Stock. 

1.8. Charter; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws. 

(a) At the Effective Time, the charter of the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
charter of the Surviving Company, as the surviving company of the Merger, as of the Effective Time, until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable Law and the terms of the charter. The bylaws of the Company as in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Company, as the surviving company in the Merger, as of the Effective Time, until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable Law and the terms of the charter of the Surviving Company and
such bylaws. 

(b) At the Second Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Acquiror as in effect immediately
prior to the Second Effective Time shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Acquiror, as the surviving company of the Second Merger, as of the Second Effective Time, until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable Law and the terms of
such certificate of incorporation. The bylaws of the Acquiror as in effect immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Acquiror, as the surviving company in the Second Merger, as of the Second Effective Time, until
thereafter amended in accordance with applicable Law and the terms of the certificate of incorporation of the Acquiror and such bylaws. 

1.9. Directors and Officers. Subject to applicable Law, the Company and the Acquiror shall take all necessary actions so that the
directors and officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors and officers of the Surviving Company and shall hold office until their respective successors are duly elected and qualify, or the earlier death,
resignation or removal of any such director or officer or the consummation of the Second Merger. Subject to applicable Law, the directors and officers of the Acquiror immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall be the directors and officers
of the Acquiror immediately after consummation of the Second Merger and shall hold office until their respective successors are duly elected and qualify, or their earlier death, resignation or removal. 

5 

ARTICLE II 

MERGER CONSIDERATION 

2.1. Designation of Exchange Agent; Deposit of Merger Consideration. Prior to the Closing, the Acquiror shall
enter into a customary exchange agreement with a nationally recognized financial institution designated by the Acquiror and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the Exchange Agent) for the payment of the Merger Consideration as
provided in Section 1.5(c). At or prior to the Effective Time, the Acquiror shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance with this Article II, through the Exchange
Agent book-entry shares representing the full number of whole shares of Acquiror Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.5(c) in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, and the Acquiror shall, after the
Effective Time on the appropriate payment date, if applicable, provide or cause to be provided to the Exchange Agent any dividends payable on such shares of Acquiror Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.2(c) (such shares of
Acquiror Common Stock provided to the Exchange Agent, together with any dividends with respect thereto, are hereinafter referred to as the Exchange Fund). For purposes of the deposit, the Acquiror shall assume that there will not
be any fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock. The Acquiror shall make available to the Exchange Agent, for addition to the Exchange Fund, from time to time as needed, cash sufficient to pay cash in lieu of fractional shares in accordance with
Section 1.5(f). In the event the Exchange Fund shall at any time be insufficient to make the payments contemplated by Section 1.5(c), the Acquiror shall promptly deposit, or cause to be deposited,
additional funds with the Exchange Agent in an amount which is equal to the deficiency in the amount required to make such payment. The Acquiror shall cause the Exchange Fund to be (x) held for the benefit of the holders of Company Common Stock
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and (y) applied promptly to making the payments pursuant to Section 1.5. The Exchange Fund shall not be used for any purpose other than to fund payments pursuant to
Section 1.5, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement. 

2.2. Delivery of Merger
Consideration. 

(a) As promptly as practicable following the Effective Time and in any event not later than the second
Business Day thereafter, the Acquiror shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of a Certificate or Book-Entry Share that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented an outstanding share of Company Common Stock
(i) a letter of transmittal, which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificate or Book-Entry Share shall pass only upon proper delivery of the Certificate (or an affidavit of loss in lieu
thereof) or the surrender of such Book-Entry Share to the Exchange Agent (which shall be deemed to have been effected upon the delivery of a customary agents message with respect to such Book-Entry Share or such other reasonable
evidence, if any, of such surrender as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request), as applicable, which shall be in the form and have such other provisions as the Acquiror and the Company may reasonably specify (such letter of transmittal, the
Letter of Transmittal), and (ii) instructions (which instructions shall be in the form and have such other provisions as the Acquiror and the Company may reasonably specify) for use in effecting the surrender of Certificates
(or 

6 

affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) or Book-Entry Shares in exchange for (A) the number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock (which shall be in book-entry form) representing, in the aggregate,
the whole number of shares that such holder has the right to receive in respect of such Certificates or Book-Entry Shares pursuant to Section 1.5(c), (B) any dividends payable pursuant to
Section 2.2(c) and (C) any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock payable pursuant to Section 1.5(f). 

(b) Upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of shares of Company Common Stock that (i) are represented by Certificates, by
physical surrender of such Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) together with a Letter of Transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may be required
pursuant to such instructions, or (ii) are Book-Entry Shares, by book-receipt of an agents message by the Exchange Agent in connection with the surrender of such Book-Entry Shares (or such other reasonable evidence, if any, of
surrender with respect to such Book-Entry Shares as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request), in each case, the holder of such Certificates or Book-Entry Shares shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, and the Acquiror shall cause the
Exchange Agent to pay and deliver in exchange thereof as promptly as practicable, (A) the number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock (which shall be in book-entry form) representing, in the aggregate, the whole number of shares that such holder
has the right to receive in respect of such Certificates or Book-Entry Shares pursuant to Section 1.5(c), (B) any dividends payable pursuant to Section 2.2(c) and (C) any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock payable pursuant to Section 1.5(f), and the Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) or Book-Entry Shares so surrendered shall be forthwith canceled. The Exchange Agent
shall accept such Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) or Book-Entry Shares upon compliance with such reasonable terms and conditions as the Exchange Agent may impose to effect an orderly exchange thereof in accordance with normal
exchange practices. No interest shall be paid or accrued for the benefit of holders of Certificates or Book-Entry Shares on any cash payable upon the surrender of Certificates or Book-Entry Shares. 

(c) Subject to applicable Law, following surrender of Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) or Book-Entry
Shares for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, there shall be paid to the holder of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock issued in exchange for such Certificates or Book-Entry Shares, without interest, (i) at the time of delivery of such
Acquiror Common Stock by the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(b), the amount of dividends with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such shares of Acquiror Common Stock and
(ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to such delivery of such shares of Acquiror Common Stock by the Exchange Agent pursuant to
Section 2.2(b), and a payment date subsequent to such delivery of such shares of Acquiror Common Stock by the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(b), payable with respect to such shares of
Acquiror Common Stock. 

7 

(d) In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock that is
not registered in the transfer records of the Company, payment of the appropriate amount of Merger Consideration (and any dividends with respect to Acquiror Common Stock as contemplated by Section 2.2(c)) may be made to a
Person other than the Person in whose name the Certificate or Book-Entry Share so surrendered is registered, only if such Certificate or Book-Entry Share shall be properly transferred and the Person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or
other Taxes required by reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or Book-Entry Share or establish to the satisfaction of the Acquiror that such Tax has been paid or is not applicable. 

2.3. No Further Ownership Rights; Transfers. All Merger Consideration paid by the Acquiror in accordance with the terms
of Article I and Article II shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to Company Common Stock in respect of which such Merger Consideration was paid. From and after the Effective Time, the stock
transfer books of the Company shall be closed with respect to, and there shall be no further transfers on the stock transfer books of the Company of, the shares of Company Common Stock that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. 

2.4. [Reserved] 

2.5. Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to former stockholders of the
Company as of the first anniversary of the Effective Time may be paid to the Acquiror, upon the Acquirors written demand to the Exchange Agent. In such event, any former stockholders of the Company who have not theretofore complied with any
applicable requirements to receive payment of the Merger Consideration, any unpaid dividends on the Acquiror Common Stock shall thereafter look only to the Acquiror for payment of the Merger Consideration, any unpaid dividends on the Acquiror Common
Stock and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock deliverable in respect of the Company Common Stock such stockholder holds as determined pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon. 

2.6. No Liability. None of the Acquiror, the Company, the Surviving Company, Merger Sub, the Exchange Agent or any other Person shall
be liable to any Person in respect of any shares of Acquiror Common Stock or cash held in the Exchange Fund delivered to a Governmental Entity pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. If any Certificates or Book-Entry
Shares shall not have been surrendered immediately prior to the date on which any Merger Consideration or any unpaid dividends on the Acquiror Common Stock or other entitlements in respect of such Certificate or Book-Entry Share would otherwise
escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Entity, any such Merger Consideration or unpaid dividends or other entitlements in respect of such Certificate or Book-Entry Share shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the
property of the Acquiror, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto. 

2.7. Lost
Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, then upon the making of an affidavit, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Acquiror and the Exchange Agent, of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate
to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation or the Acquiror, the posting by such Person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation or the Acquiror may direct, as indemnity against any claim
that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration to which the holder thereof is entitled pursuant to Article I or
this Article II, any unpaid dividends on the Acquiror Common Stock and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock. 

8 

2.8. Withholding Rights. The Acquiror, the Exchange Agent and each of their
respective Affiliates and agents, as applicable, shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Company Common Stock such amounts as it determines in good faith are required to be deducted
and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or under any provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Entity, such withheld amounts
shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the recipient. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 

Except with respect to matters that have been Previously Disclosed, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Acquiror and Merger Sub
that: 

3.1. Corporate Organization. 

(a) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of
Maryland. The Company has duly elected to be regulated as a BDC, and such election has not been revoked or withdrawn and is in full force and effect, and is listed on NASDAQ. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to own or
lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or
the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, in each case, other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to the Company. 

(b) True, complete and correct copies of the charter of the Company (the
Company Charter), and the Bylaws of the Company (the Company Bylaws), as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have previously been publicly filed by the Company. 

(c) Each Consolidated Subsidiary of the Company (i) is duly incorporated or duly formed, as applicable to each such
Consolidated Subsidiary, and validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as applicable, (ii) has the requisite corporate (or similar) power and authority to own or lease all of its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and (iii) is duly licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or other business entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, other than in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. 

9 

3.2. Capitalization. 

(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 2,672,433
shares were outstanding as of the close of business on September 30, 2024 (the Company Capitalization Date). All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and
are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability with respect to the Company attaching to the ownership thereof. As of the date of this Agreement, no Indebtedness having the right to vote on any matters on
which stockholders of the Company may vote (Company Voting Debt) is issued or outstanding. As of the Company Capitalization Date, except pursuant to the Companys dividend reinvestment plan and the Company 2032 Convertible
Notes, the Company does not have and is not bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or agreements of any character (Rights) calling for the purchase or issuance of, or the payment of
any amount based on, any shares of Company Common Stock, Company Voting Debt or any other equity securities of the Company or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of Company Common Stock, Company Voting
Debt or other equity securities of the Company. There are no obligations of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (i) to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company, Company Voting Debt or
any equity security of the Company or its Consolidated Subsidiaries or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock, Company Voting Debt or any other equity security of the Company or its
Consolidated Subsidiaries or (ii) pursuant to which the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is or could be required to register shares of the Companys capital stock or other securities under the Securities Act. All of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been issued in compliance with applicable Law in all material respects. 

(b) All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity ownership interests of each Consolidated
Subsidiary of the Company are owned by the Company, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any Liens, and all of such shares or equity ownership interests are duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable (in respect of
corporate entities) and free of preemptive rights. No Consolidated Subsidiary of the Company has or is bound by any outstanding Rights calling for the purchase or issuance of, or the payment of any amount based on, any shares of capital stock or any
other equity security of such Consolidated Subsidiary or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such Consolidated Subsidiary. 

10 

3.3. Authority; No Violation. 

(a) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to
obtaining the Company Requisite Vote, to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly approved by the Company Board. The Company Board, including all of
the Company Continuing Directors (on the recommendation of the Company Special Committee), has unanimously (i) determined that (A) this Agreement and the Merger and the related Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of the
Company and (B) the interests of the Companys existing stockholders will not be diluted as a result of the Transactions, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Merger and
other Company Matters), (iii) directed that the approval of the Company Matters be submitted to the Companys stockholders at a duly held meeting of such stockholders (the Company Stockholders Meeting) and (iv) resolved
to recommend that the stockholders of the Company approve the Company Matters, including the Merger. Except for receipt of the approval of the Company Matters by the affirmative vote of the holders of Company Common Stock entitled to cast a majority
of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matters to be approved at the Company Stockholders Meeting (the Company Requisite Vote), the Merger and the other Transactions have been authorized by all necessary corporate action on
the part of the Company. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, except for receipt of the Company Requisite Vote (and assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Acquiror, Merger Sub and the
Acquiror Adviser), constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, reorganization or
similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity (the Enforceability Exception)). 

(b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, nor the consummation by the Company of the
Transactions, nor the performance of this Agreement by the Company, will (i) violate any provision of the Company Charter or the Company Bylaws or (ii) assuming that the consents, approvals and filings referred to in
Section 3.3(a) and Section 3.4 are duly obtained and/or made, (A) violate any Law or Order applicable to the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or (B) except as Previously
Disclosed, violate, conflict with, result in a breach of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event that, with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, require the consent, approval or authorization of, or notice to or filing with any third-party with respect to, or result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Permit, Contract or other obligation to which the Company or any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets is bound except, with respect to clause (ii)(B), any such violation, conflict, breach, loss, default, termination, cancellation, acceleration, consent,
approval or creation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

11 

3.4. Governmental Consents. No consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations
with, any Governmental Entity are necessary in connection with the consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other Transactions, except for (a) the filing with the SEC of a joint proxy statement/prospectus in definitive form relating to
the Company Stockholders Meeting and the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting to be held in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions (the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus) and of a registration statement on Form N-14 or such other appropriate SEC form (the Registration Statement) in which the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be included as a prospectus, and declaration of effectiveness of the
Registration Statement by the SEC, (b) the filing of the First Articles of Merger with, and the acceptance for the record of the First Articles of Merger by, the MD SDAT in respect of the Merger, (c) the filing of the Second Articles of
Merger with, and the acceptance for the record of the Second Articles of Merger by, the MD SDAT in respect of the Second Merger, (d) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with, and the acceptance for the record of the Certificate of Merger
by, the DE Secretary in respect of the Second Merger, (e) any notices or filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act), (f) approval of the listing on NASDAQ of the shares of
Acquiror Common Stock to be issued as Merger Consideration under this Agreement, (g) the reporting of this Agreement on a Current Report on Form 8-K and (h) any such consents, approvals, filings or
registrations that the failure to obtain or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. 

3.5. Reports. 

(a) The Company has timely filed or furnished all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents that it was
required to file since January 1, 2022 (the Applicable Date) with the SEC (such filings since the Applicable Date, the Company SEC Reports), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole. To the Companys knowledge, no Company SEC Report, at the time filed or furnished with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. To the Companys knowledge, all Company SEC
Reports, as of their respective dates, complied as to form in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. None of the Consolidated Subsidiaries of the Company is required to make any filing with
the SEC. 

(b) Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is subject to any cease-and-desist or other Order or enforcement action issued by, or is a party to any Contract, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a party to any
commitment letter or similar undertaking to, any Governmental Entity that currently restricts in any material respect the conduct of its business (or to the Companys knowledge that, upon consummation of the Mergers, would restrict in any
material respect the conduct of the business of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated 

12 

Subsidiaries), or that in any material manner relates to its capital adequacy, its ability to pay dividends, its credit, risk management or compliance policies, its internal controls, its
management or its business, other than those of general application that apply to similarly situated BDCs or their Consolidated Subsidiaries, nor has the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries been advised in writing or, to the knowledge of
the Company, verbally, by any Governmental Entity that it is considering issuing, initiating, ordering, or requesting any of the foregoing. 

(c) The Company has made available to the Acquiror all material correspondence with the SEC since the Applicable Date and, as
of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of the Company (i) there are no unresolved comments from the SEC with respect to the Company SEC Reports or any SEC examination of the Company and (ii) none of the Company SEC Reports is
subject to any ongoing review by the SEC. The Company has made available to the Acquiror all material written correspondence with the SEC regarding the Transactions, a true and complete copy of all such material written correspondence as of the date
hereof is set forth in Section 3.5(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. As of the date hereof, there have not been any oral communications between the Company or its Representatives with the SEC that contradict or are inconsistent with the
correspondence set forth in Section 3.5(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. 

3.6. Company Financial Statements. 

(a) The financial statements, including the related consolidated schedules of investments, of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries included (or incorporated by reference) in the Company SEC Reports (including the related notes, where applicable) (i) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, changes in net
assets and consolidated financial position of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the respective fiscal periods or as of the respective dates therein set forth (except that unaudited statements may not contain notes and are subject to
recurring year-end audit adjustments normal in nature and amount), (ii) to the Companys knowledge, have complied as to form, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto and (iii) have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) consistently applied during the periods involved, except, in each case, as indicated in such statements or in the notes thereto. Deloitte & Touche LLP (Deloitte) has not resigned, threatened
resignation or been dismissed as the Companys independent public accountant as a result of or in connection with any disagreements with the Company on a matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing
scope or procedure. 

(b) Except for (i) liabilities reflected or reserved against on the consolidated unaudited
balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2024 included in the unaudited financial statements set forth in the Companys quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2024 (the Company Balance Sheet), (ii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since September 30, 2024, (iii) liabilities 

13 

incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (iv) liabilities otherwise disclosed in the Company SEC Reports and (v) liabilities that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company, neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has any liabilities that would be required to be reflected or reserved against in the
Company Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP. 

(c) As of September 30, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries was a party to or had any commitment to become a party to any off-balance sheet joint venture, partnership or similar contract with any unconsolidated Affiliate or off-balance sheet arrangement (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act). 

(d) Since the Applicable Date, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of
the Company, any director, officer, auditor, accountant or Representative of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether
written or oral, regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls, including any complaint, allegation,
assertion or claim that the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable or illegal accounting or auditing practices or maintains inadequate internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act), and (ii) no attorney representing the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by the
Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of duty or similar violation by the Company or any of its directors, officers or agents to the Company Board or any committee
thereof or to any director or officer of the Company. 

(e) To the Companys knowledge, since the Applicable Date,
Deloitte, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries included in the Company SEC Reports (including the related notes), has been (i) independent with
respect to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries within the meaning of Regulation S-X, and (ii) in compliance with subsections (g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the
related rules of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

(f) The principal executive officer and
principal financial officer of the Company have made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC (collectively, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act), and the statements contained in any such certifications are complete and correct, and the Company is otherwise in compliance in all material respects with all applicable effective provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

14 

(g) The Company has in all material respects: 

(i) designed and maintained a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) to ensure that all information (both financial and non-financial)
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to allow the Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer to make
the certifications required under the Exchange Act with respect to such reports; 

(ii) designed and maintained a system of
internal controls over financial reporting sufficient to provide reasonable assurance concerning the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including reasonable
assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to
maintain accountability for assets, (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at
reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences and (E) the Companys management, with the participation of the Companys principal executive and financial officers, has completed an assessment of
the effectiveness of the Companys internal controls over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and such assessment concluded that
the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, using the framework specified in the Companys Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; and 

(iii) (A) disclosed,
based on its most recent evaluation, to its auditors and the audit committee of the Company Board (1) any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses (as defined in the relevant Statement of Auditing Standards) in the design or operation of
the Companys internal controls over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect its ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and (2) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other individuals who have a significant role in its internal controls over financial reporting and (B) identified for the Companys auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls. 

(h) The fair market value of the Companys investments as of September 30, 2024 (i) was determined in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (ASC Topic 820) and (ii) reflects a reasonable estimate of the
fair value of such investments as determined in good faith, in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act. 

15 

(i) To the Companys knowledge, there is no fraud or suspected fraud
affecting the Company involving management of the Company who have significant roles in the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

3.7. Brokers Fees. Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries nor any of their respective
directors, officers or agents has utilized any broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any brokers fees, commissions or finders fees in connection with the Mergers or the other Transactions, other than to
Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. pursuant to an engagement letter, a true, complete and correct copy of which has been previously delivered to the Acquiror. 

3.8. Absence of Changes or Events. Since the Companys last quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
(i) except as expressly permitted or required by or in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, the business of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries has been conducted in
the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has not been any Effect that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company and (iii) there has not been any
material action that, if it had been taken after the date hereof, would have required the consent of the Acquiror Special Committee under Sections 6.1 or 6.2. 

3.9. Compliance with Applicable Law; Permits. 

(a) The Company and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is in compliance, and has been operated in compliance, in all
material respects, with all applicable Laws, including, if and to the extent applicable, the Investment Company Act, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. The Company has not received any written or, to the Companys knowledge, oral notification from a Governmental Entity of any material non-compliance
with any applicable Laws, which non-compliance would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Company has
operated in compliance with all listing standards of NASDAQ since the Applicable Date other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. 

(b) The Company is in compliance, and since the Applicable Date, has complied with its investment policies and
restrictions and portfolio valuation methods, if any, as such policies and restrictions have been set forth in its registration statement (as amended from time to time) or the reports that it has filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act and
applicable Laws, if any, other than any non-compliance that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. 

16 

(c) The Company has written policies and procedures adopted pursuant to Rule
38a-1 under the Investment Company Act that are reasonably designed to prevent material violations of the Federal Securities Laws, as such term is defined in Rule
38a-1(e)(1) under the Investment Company Act. There have been no Material Compliance Matters for the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 38a-1(e)(2)
under the Investment Company Act, other than those that have been reported to the Company Board and satisfactorily remedied or are in the process of being remedied or those that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(d) The Company and each of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries holds and is in compliance with all Permits required in order to permit the Company and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to own or lease their properties and assets and to conduct their businesses under and pursuant to
all applicable Law as presently conducted, other than any failure to hold or non-compliance with any such Permit that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the
Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All such Permits are valid and in full force and effect, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Company has not received any written or, to the Companys knowledge, oral notification from a Governmental Entity of any material non-compliance with any such Permits,
and no Proceeding is pending or threatened in writing to suspend, cancel, modify, revoke or materially limit any such Permits, which Proceeding would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(e) No affiliated person (as defined under the Investment
Company Act) of the Company has been subject to disqualification to serve in any capacity contemplated by the Investment Company Act for any investment company (including a BDC) under Sections 9(a) and 9(b) of the Investment Company Act, unless, in
each case, such Person has received exemptive relief from the SEC with respect to any such disqualification. There is no material Proceeding pending and served or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened that would result in any such
disqualification. 

(f) The minute books and other similar records of the Company maintained since the Applicable Date
contain a true and complete record in all material respects of all action taken at all meetings and by all written consents in lieu of meetings of the stockholders of the Company, the Company Board and any committees of the Company Board. 

3.10. Company Information. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in (i) the Registration Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, at any time the Registration Statement is amended or supplemented or at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective under
the Securities Act, or (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the date the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or any amendment or supplement is first mailed to stockholders of the Company or stockholders of the Acquiror or at the time
of the Company Stockholders Meeting 

17 

or the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting, in each case, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to information supplied by the Acquiror, Merger Sub or the Acquiror Adviser for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statement or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. 

3.11. Taxes and Tax Returns. 

(a) The Company and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed (taking into account all applicable
extensions) all material Tax Returns required to be filed by it on or prior to the date of this Agreement (all such Tax Returns being accurate and complete in all material respects), has paid all material Taxes shown thereon as arising, or required
to be shown thereon, and has duly paid or made provision for the payment of all material Taxes that have been incurred or are due or claimed to be due from it by federal, state, foreign or local taxing authorities other than Taxes that are not yet
delinquent or are being contested in good faith, have not been finally determined and have been adequately reserved against under GAAP. No material Tax Return of the Company or any Consolidated Subsidiary has been examined by the Internal Revenue
Service (the IRS) or other relevant taxing authority. There are no material disputes pending, or written claims asserted, for Taxes or assessments upon the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries for which the Company does
not have reserves that are adequate under GAAP. Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any Tax sharing, allocation or indemnification agreement or arrangement (other than such an agreement or
arrangement exclusively between or among the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries or customary gross-up provisions in any commercial contract the primary purpose of which does not relate to Taxes). Within
the past five years (or otherwise as part of a plan (or series of related transactions) within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code of which the Merger is also a part), neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries has been a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation in a distribution of stock which qualified or was intended to qualify under Section 355(a) of the Code and to which Section 355 of the
Code (or so much of Section 356 of the Code, as it relates to Section 355 of the Code) applied or was intended to apply. Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is required to include in income any adjustment pursuant
to Section 481(a) of the Code, no such adjustment has been proposed by the IRS and no pending request for permission to change any accounting method has been submitted by the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries. Neither the Company
nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has participated in a listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2). If the Company or any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries has participated in a reportable transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b), such entity has properly disclosed such transaction in accordance with
the applicable Tax regulations. 

18 

(b) The Company made a valid election under Part I of Subchapter M of
Subtitle A, Chapter 1, of the Code to be taxed as a regulated investment company (a RIC). The Company has qualified as a RIC at all times during the Company Open Tax Years and expects to continue to so qualify through
the Effective Time. No challenge to the Companys status as a RIC is pending or has been threatened in writing with respect to the Company Open Tax Years. For each of the Company Open Tax Years, the Company has satisfied or will satisfy the
distribution requirements imposed on a regulated investment company under Section 852 of the Code (taking into account any dividend that will be paid by the Company, or by the Acquiror on behalf of the Company, after the date of this Agreement,
including the Tax Dividend and the Deficiency Dividend). 

(c) The Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries have complied
in all material respects with all applicable Laws relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes and have, within the time and in the manner prescribed by applicable Law, in all material respects, withheld from and paid over all amounts required
to be so withheld and paid over under applicable Laws. 

(d) The Company is not aware of any fact or circumstance that
could reasonably be expected to prevent the Mergers from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. 

(e) The Company has no earnings and profits for U.S. federal income Tax purposes described in
Section 852(a)(2)(B) of the Code. 

(f) The Company Previously Disclosed each asset, if any, the disposition of which
would be subject to rules similar to Section 1374 of the Code as prescribed in IRS Notice 88-19,1988-1 C.B. 486, or Treasury Regulation Section 1.337(d)-7 and the amount of net unrealized built-in gain (within the meaning of Section 1374(d) of the Code), if any, with respect to the
Companys assets. Other than as Previously Disclosed, the Company is not now and will not be subject to corporate-level income taxation on the sale, transfer or other disposition of its assets currently held as a result of the application of
Section 337(d) of the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(g) No claim has been made in writing
by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that the Company or any such Consolidated Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction, and which, if
upheld, would reasonably result in a material Tax liability. 

(h) Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries has, or has had at any time during the Company Open Tax Years, a permanent establishment in any country other than the United States. 

(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has requested a private letter ruling from the IRS or
comparable rulings from other taxing authorities at any time during the Company Open Tax Years. 

(j) Neither the Company
nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has any liability for the Taxes of another Person other than the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any
similar provision of state, local or foreign Law), as a transferee, successor or payable pursuant to a contractual obligation (other than customary gross-up provisions in any commercial contract the primary
purpose of which does not relate to Taxes). 

19 

(k) Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has been a
member of a consolidated, combined or unitary Tax group (other than such a group the common parent of which is the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries) at any time during the Company Open Tax Years. 

(l) There are no material Liens for Taxes (other than Taxes not yet due and payable) upon any of the assets of the Company or
any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries. 

3.12. Litigation. There are no material Proceedings pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries. There is no Order binding upon the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries other than such Orders as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

3.13. Employee Matters. Neither the
Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has (i) any employees or (ii) any employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any employment,
bonus, incentive, vacation, stock option or other equity based, severance, termination, retention, change of control, profit sharing, fringe benefit, health, medical or other similar plan, program or agreement (collectively, Employee
Benefit Plans). 

3.14. Certain Contracts. 

(a) The Company has Previously Disclosed a complete and accurate list of, and true and complete copies have been delivered or
made available (including via EDGAR) to the Acquiror of, all Contracts (collectively, the Company Material Contracts) to which, as of the date hereof, the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party, or by which the
Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries may be bound, or, to the knowledge of the Company, to which it or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or their respective assets or properties may be subject, with respect to: 

(i) any Contract that is a material contract within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of the SECs Regulation S-K;

(ii) any loans or credit agreements, mortgages, indentures and other agreements
and instruments pursuant to which any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $1,000,000 is outstanding or may be incurred, or any guarantee by the Company or any of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $1,000,000; 

(iii) any non-competition or non-solicitation Contract or any other Contract that limits, purports to limit, or would reasonably be expected to limit in each case in any material
respect the manner in which, or the localities in which, any material business of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is or could be conducted or the types of business that the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
conducts or may conduct; or 

20 

(iv) any Contract that obligates the Company or any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries to conduct any business that is material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on an exclusive basis with any third party, or upon consummation of the Mergers, will obligate the Acquiror, the Surviving
Company or any of their Consolidated Subsidiaries to conduct business with any third-party on an exclusive basis. 

(b)
Each Company Material Contract is (x) valid and binding on the Company or its applicable Consolidated Subsidiary and, to the Companys knowledge, each other party thereto, (y) enforceable against the Company or its applicable
Consolidated Subsidiary in accordance with its terms (subject to the Enforceability Exception), and (z) is in full force and effect other than in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to
the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Company Advisory Agreement has been approved by the Company Board and stockholders of the Company in accordance with Section 15 of the Investment Company Act. Neither the
Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party thereto, is in material breach of any provisions of or in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would be in default)
under, and has not taken any action resulting in the termination of, acceleration of performance required by, or resulting in a right of termination or acceleration under, any Company Material Contract other than as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. No Company Material Contract has been amended, modified or supplemented other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. No event has occurred with respect to the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries that, with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or
both, would constitute a breach or default under any Company Material Contract other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

3.15. Insurance Coverage. All material insurance policies maintained by the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries and that
name the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries as an insured (each, a Company Insurance Policy), including the fidelity bond required by the Investment Company Act, are in full force and effect and all premiums due and
payable with respect to each Company Insurance Policy have been paid. Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has received written notice of cancellation of any Company Insurance Policy. 

3.16. Intellectual Property. The Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries own, possess or have a valid license or other adequate
rights to use all patents, patent applications, patent rights, trademarks, trademark applications, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, service marks, service mark applications, service mark rights, copyrights, computer

21 

programs and other proprietary intellectual property rights (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) that are material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole (hereinafter, Company Intellectual Property Rights), except where the failure to own, possess or have adequate rights would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company. No claims are pending for which the Company has received written notice or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened (i) that the Company or any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries is infringing or otherwise violating the rights of any Person with regard to any Intellectual Property Right, or (ii) that any Company Intellectual Property Right is invalid or unenforceable. To the knowledge of the Company, no
Person is infringing, misappropriating or using without authorization the rights of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual Property Right, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

3.17. Real Property.
Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries owns or leases any real property. 

3.18. Investment Assets. Each of
the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries has good title to all securities, Indebtedness and other financial instruments owned by it, free and clear of any material Liens, except to the extent such securities, Indebtedness or other financial
instruments, as applicable, are pledged to secure obligations of the Company or its Consolidated Subsidiaries pursuant to credit agreements that have been Previously Disclosed and except for Liens consisting of restrictions on transfer agreed to in
respect of investments entered into in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, the value of investments owned by the Company that are qualifying investments for purposes of Section 55(a) of the Investment
Company Act was greater than 70% of the value of the Companys total assets (other than assets described in Section 55(a)(7) of the Investment Company Act). 

3.19. State Takeover Laws. The Company Board has taken all action necessary to render inapplicable to the Merger the restrictions on
business combinations contained in Subtitle 6 of Title 3 of the MGCL. Moreover, the restrictions on control share acquisitions contained in Subtitle 7 of Title 3 of the MGCL are not applicable to the Merger, and no other business
combination, control share acquisition, fair price, moratorium or other similar antitakeover statutes or regulations enacted under state or federal Laws in the United States (any such Laws, Takeover
Statutes) are applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or the other Transactions. 

3.20. Appraisal Rights. In
accordance with Section 3-202 of the MGCL and the Company Charter, no dissenters rights, appraisal rights or rights of an objecting stockholder shall be available to holders of Company Common Stock
in connection with the Transactions. 

3.21. Opinion of Financial Advisor. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Company
Special Committee has received the written opinion (or an oral opinion to be confirmed in writing) of Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc., financial advisor to the Company Special Committee, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon
and subject to the various assumptions, limitations, qualifications and other matters set forth therein, the Exchange 

22 

Ratio provided for in the Merger, after giving effect to the Second Merger and the termination of the Company Advisory Agreement and the Company Administration Agreements pursuant to the
Agreement, is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Company Common Stock, other than the Acquiror, the Acquiror Adviser, the Company Adviser and their respective affiliates. The Company shall, following the execution of this
Agreement by all parties, furnish an accurate, complete and confidential copy of said opinion to the Acquiror solely for informational purposes. 

3.22. Chapter 11. Neither the Company nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is under the jurisdiction of a court in a title 11
or similar case (as defined in Section 368(a)(3)(A) of the Code). 

3.23. Valuation. Except as may otherwise be mutually
agreed by the parties, the value of each investment asset owned by the Company that is used in connection with the computations made by the Company pursuant to Section 7.18 will be determined by its valuation designee under
Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act in accordance with the valuation policies and procedures set forth in the Companys compliance policies and procedures, and the value of all assets owned by the
Company other than investment assets that are used in connection with the computations made by the Company pursuant to Section 7.18 will be determined in accordance with GAAP. 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ACQUIROR AND MERGER SUB 

Except with respect to matters that have been Previously Disclosed, the Acquiror and Merger Sub hereby jointly and severally represent and
warrant to the Company that: 

4.1. Corporate Organization. 

(a) The Acquiror is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and in good
standing with the DE Secretary, and Merger Sub is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the Laws of the State of Maryland and in good standing with the MD SDAT. The Acquiror has duly elected to be regulated as a BDC, and such
election has not been revoked or withdrawn and is in full force and effect, and is listed on NASDAQ. Each of the Acquiror and Merger Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets
owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, in each case, other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror. The Acquiror has
duly elected to be regulated as a BDC, and such election has not been revoked or withdrawn and is in full force and effect. 

23 

(b) True, complete and correct copies of the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Acquiror, as amended and restated (the Acquiror Charter), and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Acquiror (the Acquiror Bylaws), as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have previously been
publicly filed by the Acquiror. 

(c) Each Consolidated Subsidiary of the Acquiror (i) is duly incorporated or duly
formed, as applicable to each such Consolidated Subsidiary, and validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as applicable, (ii) has the requisite corporate (or similar) power and
authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and (iii) is duly licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or other business entity in each jurisdiction
in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, other than in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror. 

4.2.
Capitalization. 

(a) The authorized capital stock of the Acquiror consists of (i) 20,000,000 shares of Acquiror
Common Stock, of which 9,231,454 shares were outstanding as of the close of business on September 30, 2024 (the Acquiror Capitalization Date), and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Acquiror, of which 0 shares were outstanding as of the Acquiror Capitalization Date. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Acquiror Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued (including in accordance with any applicable
provisions of the Investment Company Act) and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability with respect to the Acquiror attaching to the ownership thereof. All of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock
constituting the Merger Consideration will be, when issued pursuant to the terms of the Merger, duly authorized and validly issued and fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability with respect to the Acquiror
attaching to the ownership thereof. As of the date of this Agreement, no Indebtedness having the right to vote on any matters on which stockholders of the Acquiror may vote (Acquiror Voting Debt) is issued or outstanding. As of
the Acquiror Capitalization Date, except pursuant to the Acquirors dividend reinvestment plan, the Acquiror does not have and is not bound by any Rights calling for the purchase or issuance of, or the payment of any amount based on, any shares
of Acquiror Common Stock, Acquiror Voting Debt or any other equity securities of the Acquiror or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of Acquiror Common Stock, Acquiror Voting Debt or other equity
securities of the Acquiror. There are no obligations of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (i) to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Acquiror, Acquiror Voting Debt or any equity security
of the Acquiror or its Consolidated Subsidiaries or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock, Acquiror Voting Debt or any other equity security of the Acquiror or its Consolidated
Subsidiaries or (ii) pursuant to which the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is or could be required to register shares of the Acquirors capital stock or other securities under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding
shares of Acquiror Common Stock have been issued in compliance with applicable Law in all material respects. 

24 

(b) All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other
equity ownership interests of each Consolidated Subsidiary of the Acquiror are owned by the Acquiror, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any Liens, and all of such shares or equity ownership interests are duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully paid, nonassessable (in respect of corporate entities) and free of preemptive rights. No Consolidated Subsidiary of the Acquiror has or is bound by any outstanding Rights calling for the purchase or issuance of, or the payment of any
amount based on, any shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such Consolidated Subsidiary or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such
Consolidated Subsidiary. 

4.3. Authority; No Violation. 

(a) The Acquiror has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to
obtaining the Acquiror Requisite Vote, consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly approved by the Acquiror Board. Merger Sub has all requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to the adoption and approval of the Transactions by the Acquiror as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly approved by the board of directors of Merger Sub. The Acquiror Board (on the recommendation of the Acquiror Special Committee) has unanimously (i) determined
that (A) this Agreement and the Mergers and the related Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of the Acquiror and its stockholders and (B) the interests of the Acquirors existing stockholders will not be diluted as a
result of the Transactions, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Merger and the Acquiror Matters), (iii) directed that the approval of the Acquiror Matters be submitted to the
Acquirors stockholders at a duly held meeting of such stockholders (the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting) and (iv) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Acquiror approve the Acquiror Matters. The board of
directors of Merger Sub has unanimously determined that this Agreement and the Mergers and the related Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of Merger Sub; approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions
(including the Merger); and resolved to recommend the approval of the Transactions (including the Merger) by the Acquiror, in the Acquirors capacity as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub. Except for receipt of the approval of the Acquiror
Matters by at least a majority of the total votes cast by the holders of Acquiror Common Stock at the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting, as determined in accordance with applicable Law and the rules and guidance of NASDAQ (the Acquiror
Requisite Vote), and the approval of the Transactions by the Acquiror, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub (which approval shall occur promptly following the execution of this Agreement), the Mergers and the other Transactions have been
authorized by all necessary corporate 

25 

action on the part of the Acquiror and Merger Sub. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Acquiror and Merger Sub and, except for receipt of the Acquiror Requisite
Vote and the approval of the Transactions by the Acquiror, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub (and assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company and the Acquiror Adviser), this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of each of the Acquiror and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of the Acquiror and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms (except as may be limited by the Enforceability Exception). 

(b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Acquiror and Merger Sub, nor the consummation by the Acquiror
or Merger Sub of the Transactions, nor the performance of this Agreement by the Acquiror and Merger Sub, will (i) violate any provision of the Acquiror Charter, the Acquiror Bylaws or the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Merger Sub or
(ii) assuming that the consents, approvals and filings referred to in Section 4.3(a) and Section 4.4 are duly obtained and/or made, (A) violate any Law or Order applicable to the Acquiror
or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or (B) except as Previously Disclosed, violate, conflict with, result in a breach of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event that, with or without the giving of notice or lapse
of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, require the consent, approval or authorization of, or notice to or filing with
any third-party with respect to, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Permit, Contract
or other obligation to which the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets is bound except, with respect to clause (ii)(B), any such violation, conflict,
breach, loss, default, termination, cancellation, acceleration, consent, approval or creation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. 

4.4. Governmental Consents. No consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any Governmental Entity are
necessary in connection with the consummation by the Acquiror or Merger Sub of the Merger and the other Transactions, except for (a) the filing with the SEC of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Registration Statement in which the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be included as a prospectus, and declaration of effectiveness of the Registration Statement by the SEC, (b) the filing of the First Articles of Merger with, and the acceptance for the record of the First
Articles of Merger by, the MD SDAT in respect of the Merger, (c) the filing of the Second Articles of Merger with, and the acceptance for the record of the Second Articles of Merger by, the MD SDAT in respect of the Second Merger, (d) the
filing of the Certificate of Merger with, and the acceptance for the record of the Certificate of Merger by, the DE Secretary in respect of the Second Merger, (e) any notices or filings under the HSR Act, (f) approval of the listing on
NASDAQ of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock to be issued as Merger Consideration under this Agreement, (g) the reporting of this Agreement on a Current Report on Form 8-K and (h) any such consents,
approvals, filings or registrations that the failure to obtain or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror. 

26 

4.5. Reports. 

(a) The Acquiror has timely filed or furnished all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents that it was
required to file since the Applicable Date with the SEC (such filings since the Applicable Date, the Acquiror SEC Reports), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the
Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole. To the Acquirors knowledge, no Acquiror SEC Report, at the time filed or furnished with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. To the Acquirors knowledge, all Acquiror SEC Reports, as of their respective
dates, complied as to form in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. None of the Consolidated Subsidiaries of the Acquiror is required to make any filing with the SEC. 

(b) Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is subject to any cease-and-desist or other Order or enforcement action issued by, or is a party to any Contract, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a party to any commitment letter or similar
undertaking to, any Governmental Entity that currently restricts in any material respect the conduct of its business (or to the Acquirors knowledge that, upon consummation of the Mergers, would restrict in any material respect the conduct of
the business of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries), or that in any material manner relates to its capital adequacy, its ability to pay dividends, its credit, risk management or compliance policies, its internal controls, its
management or its business, other than those of general application that apply to similarly situated BDCs or their Consolidated Subsidiaries, nor has the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries been advised in writing or, to the knowledge
of the Acquiror, verbally, by any Governmental Entity that it is considering issuing, initiating, ordering, or requesting any of the foregoing. 

(c) The Acquiror has made available to the Company all material correspondence with the SEC since the Applicable Date and, as
of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of the Acquiror, (i) there are no unresolved comments from the SEC with respect to the Acquiror SEC Reports or any SEC examination of the Acquiror and (ii) none of the Acquiror SEC Reports is
subject to any ongoing review by the SEC. The Acquiror has made available to the Company all material written correspondence with the SEC regarding the Merger, a true and complete copy of all such material written correspondence as of the date
hereof is set forth in Section 4.5(c) of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule. As of the date hereof, there have not been any oral communications between the Acquiror or its Representatives with the SEC that contradict or are inconsistent with the
correspondence set forth in Section 4.5(c) of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule. 

27 

4.6. Acquiror Financial Statements. 

(a) The financial statements, including the related consolidated schedules of investments, of the Acquiror and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries included (or incorporated by reference) in the Acquiror SEC Reports (including the related notes, where applicable) (i) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated results of operations, cash flows,
changes in net assets and consolidated financial position of the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the respective fiscal periods or as of the respective dates therein set forth (except that unaudited statements may not contain notes and
are subject to recurring year-end audit adjustments normal in nature and amount), (ii) to the Acquirors knowledge, have complied as to form, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto and (iii) have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the
periods involved, except, in each case, as indicated in such statements or in the notes thereto. Deloitte has not resigned, threatened resignation or been dismissed as the Acquirors independent public accountant as a result of or in connection
with any disagreements with the Acquiror on a matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure. 

(b) Except for (A) liabilities reflected or reserved against on the consolidated unaudited balance sheet of the Acquiror
as of September 30, 2024 included in the unaudited financial statements set forth in the Acquirors quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Acquiror
Balance Sheet), (B) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since September 30, 2024, (C) liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (D) liabilities otherwise disclosed in the
Acquiror SEC Reports and (E) liabilities that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror, neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has
any liabilities that would be required to be reflected or reserved against in the Acquiror Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP. 

(c) As of September 30, 2024, neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries was a party to or had any
commitment to become a party to any off-balance sheet joint venture, partnership or similar contract with any unconsolidated Affiliate or off-balance sheet
arrangement (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act). 

(d) Since the Applicable Date, (i) neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of
the Acquiror, any director, officer, auditor, accountant or Representative of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether
written or oral, regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls, including any complaint, allegation,
assertion or claim that the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable or illegal accounting or auditing practices or maintains inadequate internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act), and (ii) no attorney representing the 

28 

Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities
laws, breach of duty or similar violation by the Acquiror or any of its directors, officers or agents to the Acquiror Board or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of the Acquiror. 

(e) To the Acquirors knowledge, since the Applicable Date, Deloitte, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the
financial statements of the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries included in the Acquiror SEC Reports (including the related notes), has been (i) independent with respect to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries within the
meaning of Regulation S-X, and (ii) in compliance with subsections (g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the related rules of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board. 

(f) The principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Acquiror have made all certifications
required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the statements contained in any such certifications are complete and correct, and the Acquiror is otherwise in compliance in all material respects with all applicable effective
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

(g) The Acquiror has in all material respects: 

(i) designed and maintained a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) to ensure that all information (both financial and non-financial)
required to be disclosed by the Acquiror in the reports that it files or submits to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the Acquirors management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to allow the Acquirors principal executive officer and principal financial officer to make
the certifications required under the Exchange Act with respect to such reports; 

(ii) designed and maintained a system of
internal controls over financial reporting sufficient to provide reasonable assurance concerning the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including reasonable
assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to
maintain accountability for assets, (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at
reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences and (E) the Acquirors management, with the participation of the Acquirors principal executive and financial officers, has completed an assessment
of the effectiveness of the Acquirors internal controls over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended 

29 

December 31, 2023 in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and such assessment concluded that the Acquiror maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, using the framework specified in the Acquirors Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023; and 

(iii) (A) disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation, to its auditors and the audit committee of the
Acquiror Board (1) any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses (as defined in the relevant Statement of Auditing Standards) in the design or operation of the Acquirors internal controls over financial reporting that are reasonably
likely to adversely affect its ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and (2) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other individuals who have a significant role in its internal controls over
financial reporting and (B) identified for the Acquirors auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls. 

(h) The fair market value of the Acquirors investments as of September 30, 2024 (i) was determined in
accordance with ASC Topic 820 and (ii) reflects a reasonable estimate of the fair value of such investments as determined in good faith, in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act. 

(i) To the Acquirors knowledge, there is no fraud or suspected fraud affecting the Acquiror involving management of the
Acquiror who have significant roles in the Acquirors internal control over financial reporting. 

4.7. Brokers
Fees. Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries nor any of their respective directors, officers or agents has utilized any broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any brokers fees, commissions
or finders fees in connection with the Mergers or the other Transactions, other than to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. pursuant to an engagement letter, a true, complete and correct copy of which has been previously delivered to the
Company. 

4.8. Absence of Changes or Events. Since the Acquirors last quarterly report on Form
10-Q, (i) except as expressly permitted or required by or in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, the business of the Acquiror and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries has been conducted in the ordinary course of business, (ii) there has not been any Effect that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
Acquiror and (iii) there has not been any material action that, if it had been taken after the date hereof, would have required the consent of the Company Special Committee under Sections 6.1 or 6.3. 

30 

4.9. Compliance with Applicable Law; Permits. 

(a) The Acquiror and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is in compliance, and has been operated in compliance, in all
material respects, with all applicable Laws, including, if and to the extent applicable, the Investment Company Act, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror. The Acquiror has not received any written or, to the Acquirors knowledge, oral notification from a Governmental Entity of any material non-compliance
with any applicable Laws, which non-compliance would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Acquiror
has operated in compliance with all listing standards of NASDAQ since the Applicable Date other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. 

(b) The Acquiror is in compliance, and since the Applicable Date, has complied with its investment policies and
restrictions and portfolio valuation methods, if any, as such policies and restrictions have been set forth in its registration statement (as amended from time to time) or reports that it has filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act and applicable
Laws, if any, other than any non-compliance that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror. 

(c) The Acquiror has written policies and procedures adopted pursuant to Rule 38a-1
under the Investment Company Act that are reasonably designed to prevent material violations of the Federal Securities Laws, as such term is defined in Rule 38a-1(e)(1) under the Investment Company
Act. There have been no Material Compliance Matters for the Acquiror, as such term is defined in Rule 38a-1(e)(2) under the Investment Company Act, other than those that have been reported to the
Acquiror Board and satisfactorily remedied or are in the process of being remedied or those that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(d) The Acquiror and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries holds and is in compliance with all Permits required in order
to permit the Acquiror and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to own or lease their properties and assets and to conduct their businesses under and pursuant to all applicable Law as presently conducted, other than any failure to hold or non-compliance with any such Permit that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All such Permits are
valid and in full force and effect, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Acquiror has not received any written or, to
the Acquirors knowledge, oral notification from a Governmental Entity of any material non-compliance with any such Permits, and no Proceeding is pending or threatened in writing to suspend, cancel,
modify, revoke or materially limit any such Permits, which Proceeding would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

31 

(e) No affiliated person (as defined under the Investment
Company Act) of the Acquiror has been subject to disqualification to serve in any capacity contemplated by the Investment Company Act for any investment company (including a BDC) under Sections 9(a) and 9(b) of the Investment Company Act, unless, in
each case, such Person has received exemptive relief from the SEC with respect to any such disqualification. There is no material Proceeding pending and served or, to the knowledge of the Acquiror, threatened that would result in any such
disqualification. 

(f) The minute books and other similar records of the Acquiror maintained since the Applicable Date
contain a true and complete record in all material respects of all action taken at all meetings and by all written consents in lieu of meetings of the stockholders of the Acquiror, the Acquiror Board and any committees of the Acquiror Board. 

4.10. Acquiror Information. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Acquiror for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in (i) the Registration Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, at any time the Registration Statement is amended or supplemented or at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective under
the Securities Act, or (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the date the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or any amendment or supplement is first mailed to stockholders of the Company or stockholders of the Acquiror or at the time
of the Company Stockholders Meeting or the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting, in each case, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which
they are made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty is made by the Acquiror with respect to information supplied by the Company or the Acquiror Adviser for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement or
the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. 

4.11. Taxes and Tax Returns. 

(a) The Acquiror and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed (taking into account all applicable
extensions) all material Tax Returns required to be filed by it on or prior to the date of this Agreement (all such Tax Returns being accurate and complete in all material respects), has paid all material Taxes shown thereon as arising, or required
to be shown thereon, and has duly paid or made provision for the payment of all material Taxes that have been incurred or are due or claimed to be due from it by federal, state, foreign or local taxing authorities other than Taxes that are not yet
delinquent or are being contested in good faith, have not been finally determined and have been adequately reserved against under GAAP. No material Tax Return of the Acquiror or any Consolidated Subsidiary has been examined by the IRS or other
relevant taxing authority. There are no material disputes pending, or written claims asserted, for Taxes or assessments upon the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries for which the Acquiror does not have reserves that are adequate under
GAAP. Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any Tax sharing, allocation or indemnification agreement or arrangement (other than such an agreement or arrangement exclusively between or among the
Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries or customary gross-up provisions in any commercial contract the primary purpose of which does not relate to Taxes). Within the past five years (or otherwise as part
of a plan (or series of related transactions) within the meaning of Section 355(e) of 

32 

the Code of which the Merger is also a part), neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has been a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation
in a distribution of stock which qualified or was intended to qualify under Section 355(a) of the Code and to which Section 355 of the Code (or so much of Section 356 of the Code, as it relates to Section 355 of the Code) applied
or was intended to apply. Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is required to include in income any adjustment pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code, no such adjustment has been proposed by the IRS and no pending
request for permission to change any accounting method has been submitted by the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries. Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has participated in a listed transaction
within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2). If the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has participated in a reportable transaction within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b), such entity has properly disclosed such transaction in accordance with the applicable Tax regulations. 

(b) The Acquiror made a valid election under Part I of Subchapter M of Subtitle A, Chapter 1, of the Code to be taxed as a
RIC. The Acquiror has qualified as a RIC at all times during the Acquiror Open Tax Years and expects to continue to so qualify for the taxable year that includes the Second Effective Time. No challenge to the Acquirors status as a RIC is
pending or has been threatened in writing with respect to the Acquiror Open Tax Years. For each of the Acquiror Open Tax Years, the Acquiror has satisfied or will satisfy the distribution requirements imposed on a regulated investment company under
Section 852 of the Code (taking into account any dividend that will be paid by the Company after the date of this Agreement). 

(c) Merger Sub is a newly formed entity created for the purpose of undertaking the Merger and is wholly owned directly by the
Acquiror. Prior to the Effective Time, Merger Sub will not have acquired any assets or engaged in any other business activities and will have incurred no liabilities or obligations other than as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(d) The Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws relating to
the payment and withholding of Taxes and have, within the time and in the manner prescribed by applicable Law, in all material respects, withheld from and paid over all amounts required to be so withheld and paid over under applicable Laws. 

(e) The Acquiror is not aware of any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to prevent the Mergers from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. 

(f) The Acquiror has no
earnings and profits for U.S. federal income Tax purposes described in Section 852(a)(2)(B) of the Code. 

33 

(g) The Acquiror Previously Disclosed each asset, if any, the disposition of
which would be subject to rules similar to Section 1374 of the Code as prescribed in IRS Notice 88-19,1988-1 C.B. 486, or Treasury Regulation Section 1.337(d)-7 and the amount of net unrealized built-in gain (within the meaning of Section 1374(d) of the Code), if any, with respect to the
Acquirors assets. Other than as Previously Disclosed, the Acquiror is not now and will not be subject to corporate-level income taxation on the sale, transfer or other disposition of its assets currently held as a result of the application of
Section 337(d) of the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(h) No claim has been made in writing
by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction where the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that the Acquiror or any such Consolidated Subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction, and which, if
upheld, would reasonably result in a material Tax liability. 

(i) Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated
Subsidiaries has, or has had at any time during the Acquiror Open Tax Years, a permanent establishment in any country other than the United States. 

(j) Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has requested a private letter ruling from the IRS or
comparable rulings from other taxing authorities at any time during the Acquiror Open Tax Years. 

(k) Neither the Acquiror
nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has any liability for the Taxes of another Person other than the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any
similar provision of state, local or foreign Law), as a transferee, successor or payable pursuant to a contractual obligation (other than customary gross-up provisions in any commercial contract the primary
purpose of which does not relate to Taxes). 

(l) Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has been a
member of a consolidated, combined or unitary Tax group (other than such a group the common parent of which is the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries) at any time during the Acquiror Open Tax Years. 

(m) There are no material Liens for Taxes (other than Taxes not yet due and payable) upon any of the assets of the Acquiror or
any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries. 

4.12. Litigation. There are no material Proceedings pending or, to the Acquirors
knowledge, threatened against the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries. There is no Order binding upon the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries other than such Orders as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

4.13. Employee Matters. Neither
the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has (i) any employees or (ii) any Employee Benefit Plans. 

34 

4.14. Certain Contracts. 

(a) The Acquiror has Previously Disclosed a complete and accurate list of, and true and complete copies have been delivered or
made available (including via EDGAR) to the Company of, all Contracts (collectively, the Acquiror Material Contracts) to which, as of the date hereof, the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party, or by which
the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries may be bound, or, to the knowledge of the Acquiror, to which it or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or their respective assets or properties may be subject, with respect to: 

(i) any Contract that is a material contract within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of the SECs Regulation S-K;

(ii) any loans or credit agreements, mortgages, indentures and other agreements
and instruments pursuant to which any Indebtedness of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $2,500,000 is outstanding or may be incurred, or any guarantee by the Acquiror or any of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $2,500,000; 

(iii) any non-competition or non-solicitation Contract or any other Contract that limits, purports to limit, or would reasonably be expected to limit in each case in any material
respect the manner in which, or the localities in which, any material business of the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is or could be conducted or the types of business that the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
conducts or may conduct; or 

(iv) any Contract that obligates the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to
conduct any business that is material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on an exclusive basis with any third party. 

(b) Each Acquiror Material Contract is (x) valid and binding on the Acquiror or its applicable Consolidated Subsidiary
and, to the Acquirors knowledge, each other party thereto, (y) enforceable against the Acquiror or its applicable Consolidated Subsidiary in accordance with its terms (subject to the Enforceability Exception), and (z) is in full
force and effect other than in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The investment advisory agreement between the
Acquiror and the Acquiror Adviser in effect as of the date of this Agreement has been approved by the Acquiror Board and stockholders of the Acquiror in accordance with Section 15 of the Investment Company Act. Neither the Acquiror nor any of
its Consolidated Subsidiaries nor, to the Acquirors knowledge, any other party thereto, is in material breach of any provisions of or in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would be in default) under, and has not
taken any action resulting in the termination of, acceleration of performance required by, or resulting in a right of termination or acceleration under, any Acquiror Material Contract other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror. No Acquiror Material Contract has been amended, modified or supplemented other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be

35 

expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. No event has occurred with respect to the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries that, with
or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or default under any Acquiror Material Contract other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

4.15. Insurance Coverage. All material insurance policies maintained by the
Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries and that name the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries as an insured (each, an Acquiror Insurance Policy), including the fidelity bond required by the Investment Company
Act, are in full force and effect and all premiums due and payable with respect to each Acquiror Insurance Policy have been paid. Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has received written notice of cancellation of any
Acquiror Insurance Policy. 

4.16. Intellectual Property. The Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries own, possess or have a
valid license or other adequate rights to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are material to the conduct of the business of the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole (hereinafter, Acquiror Intellectual Property
Rights), except where the failure to own, possess or have adequate rights would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror. No claims are pending for which
the Acquiror has received written notice or, to the knowledge of the Acquiror, threatened (i) that the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is infringing or otherwise violating the rights of any Person with regard to any
Intellectual Property Right, or (ii) that any Acquiror Intellectual Property Right is invalid or unenforceable. To the knowledge of the Acquiror, no Person is infringing, misappropriating or using without authorization the rights of the
Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual Property Right, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole. 

4.17. Real Property. Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries owns or leases any real property.

4.18. Investment Assets. Each of the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries has good title to all securities, Indebtedness and
other financial instruments owned by it, free and clear of any material Liens, except to the extent such securities, Indebtedness or other financial instruments, as applicable, are pledged to secure obligations of the Acquiror or its Consolidated
Subsidiaries pursuant to credit agreements that have been Previously Disclosed and except for Liens consisting of restrictions on transfer agreed to in respect of investments entered into in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30,
2024, the value of investments owned by the Acquiror that are qualifying investments for purposes of Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act was greater than 70% of the value of the Acquirors total assets (other than
assets described in Section 55(a)(7) of the Investment Company Act). Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries owns, or has owned since its inception, any Company Common Stock. 

36 

4.19. State Takeover Laws. The Acquiror Board has taken all action necessary to
render inapplicable to this Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions the restrictions on business combinations contained in Section 203 of the DGCL. No other Takeover Statute is applicable to this Agreement, the Mergers or the other
Transactions. 

4.20. Opinion of Financial Advisor. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Acquiror Special Committee has
received the opinion (which, if initially rendered verbally, has been confirmed in a written opinion, dated the same date) of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., financial advisor to the Acquiror Special Committee, to the effect that, as of the
date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the various assumptions, limitations, qualifications and other matters set forth therein, the Exchange Ratio in the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Acquiror. The Acquiror
shall, following the execution of this Agreement by all parties, furnish an accurate, complete and confidential copy of said opinion to the Company solely for informational purposes to confirm receipt of said opinion by the Acquiror Special
Committee. 

4.21. Chapter 11. Neither the Acquiror nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is under the jurisdiction of a court in
a title 11 or similar case (as defined in Section 368(a)(3)(A) of the Code). 

4.22. Valuation. Except as may
otherwise be mutually agreed by the parties, the value of each investment asset owned by the Acquiror that is used in connection with the computations made by the Acquiror pursuant to Section 7.18 will be determined by its
valuation designee under Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act in accordance with the valuation policies and procedures set forth in the Acquirors compliance policies and procedures, and the value
of all assets owned by the Acquiror other than investment assets that are used in connection with the computations made by the Acquiror pursuant to Section 7.18 will be determined in accordance with GAAP. 

ARTICLE V 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ACQUIROR ADVISER AND THE COMPANY ADVISER 

Except with respect to matters Previously Disclosed, the Acquiror Adviser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (with respect to
itself only) and the Company Adviser hereby represents and warrants to the Acquiror (with respect to itself only) that: 

5.1.
Organization. Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) is a limited liability company organized and validly existing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and in good standing with the DE Secretary. Each of the
Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) has the requisite limited liability company power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed
or qualified to do business as a foreign limited liability company in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or
qualification necessary, in each case, other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). 

37 

5.2. Authority; No Violation. 

(a) Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) has all requisite limited liability company power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement has been duly and validly approved by the managing member of each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable). This Agreement has been
duly and validly executed and delivered by each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, the Acquiror and Merger Sub) this Agreement constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable), enforceable against each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) in accordance with its terms (except as may be limited by the
Enforceability Exception). 

(b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of the Acquiror Adviser or
the Company Adviser (as applicable), nor the consummation of the Transactions, nor the performance of this Agreement by each of the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable), will (i) violate any provision of the certificate of
formation of the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable) or the limited liability company agreement of the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable) or (ii) (A) violate any Law or Order applicable to the Acquiror
Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable) or (B) except as set forth in any Contract that was Previously Disclosed, violate, conflict with, result in a breach of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event that,
with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, require the consent, approval or
authorization of, or notice to or filing with any third-party with respect to, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable) under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any Permit, Contract or other obligation to which the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable) is a party or by which its properties or assets is bound except, with respect to clause (ii)(B), any
such violation, conflict, breach, loss, default, termination, cancellation, acceleration, consent, approval or creation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). 

(c) No consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations
with, any Governmental Entity are necessary in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by each of the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable), except for any such consents, approvals, filings or
registrations that the failure to obtain or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). 

38 

5.3. Compliance with Applicable Law; Permits. 

(a) Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) is, and at all times since it became the investment
adviser to the Acquiror or the Company (as applicable) has been, duly registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. 

(b) Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) is in compliance, and has been operated in
compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Laws other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as
applicable). Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) has not received any written or, to the Acquiror Advisers or the Company Advisers (as applicable) knowledge, oral notification from a Governmental Entity
of any material non-compliance with any applicable Laws, which non-compliance would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). 

(c) Each of the Acquiror Adviser and
the Company Adviser (as applicable) holds and is in compliance with all Permits required in order to permit the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) to own or lease its properties and assets and to conduct its business under and
pursuant to all applicable Law as presently conducted, other than any failure to hold or non-compliance with any such Permit that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). All such Permits are valid and in full force and effect, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) has not received any written or, to the Acquiror Advisers or the Company
Adviser (as applicable)s knowledge, oral notification from a Governmental Entity of any material non-compliance with any such Permits, and no Proceeding is pending or threatened in writing to suspend,
cancel, modify, revoke or materially limit any such Permits, which Proceeding would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as
applicable). 

(d) Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) has implemented written policies
and procedures as required by Rule 206(4)-7 under the Investment Advisers Act and, during the period prior to the date of this Agreement that the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) has
been the investment adviser to the Acquiror or the Company (as applicable), the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser (as applicable) has been in compliance with such policies and procedures, except where the failures to adopt such policies and
procedures or to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Acquiror or the Company (as applicable) and their respective Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

39 

(e) During the period prior to the date of this Agreement that it has been
the investment adviser to the Acquiror or the Company (as applicable), there has been no material adverse change in the operations, affairs or regulatory status of the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). 

5.4. Litigation. There are no Proceedings pending or, to the Acquiror Advisers or the Company Advisers (as applicable)
knowledge, threatened against the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable), except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable).
There is no Order binding upon the Acquiror Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable) other than such Orders as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror
Adviser or the Company Adviser (as applicable). 

5.5. Acquiror Adviser Information. None of the information supplied or to
be supplied by the Acquiror Adviser for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Registration Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, at any time the Registration Statement is amended or
supplemented or at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the date the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or any amendment or supplement is first
mailed to stockholders of the Company or stockholders of the Acquiror or at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting or the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting, in each case, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, and in the case of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty is made by the Acquiror Adviser
with respect to information supplied by the Company, the Acquiror or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. 

5.6. Financial Resources. The Acquiror Adviser has the financial resources available to it necessary for the performance of its
services and obligations as contemplated in the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and under this Agreement. 

5.7. Best Interests and No Dilution. Each of the Acquiror Adviser (in the case of the Acquiror) and the Company Adviser (in the case of
the Company) believes that (a) the participation in the Merger is in the best interests of the Acquiror (in the case of the Acquiror Adviser) and the Company (in the case of the Company Adviser) and (b) the interests of existing
stockholders of the Acquiror (in the case of the Acquiror Adviser) and the Company (in the case of the Company Adviser), as applicable, will not be diluted (as provided under Rule 17a-8 of the Investment
Company Act) as a result of the Merger. 

5.8. Forbearances. The forbearances set forth in Section 6.2 and
Section 6.3 are not expected to be overly and materially onerous on the conduct of the business of the Acquiror or the Company, as conducted in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in all material
respects and each of the Acquirors and the Companys, as applicable, investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed. 

40 

5.9. Representations and Warranties. To the Knowledge of the Company Adviser (in the
case of the Company) and the Acquiror Adviser (in the case of the Acquiror), as of the date hereof, the representations and warranties made by the Company in Article III, and the representations and warranties made by the Acquiror in
Article IV are true and correct in all material respects except as Previously Disclosed by the Company or the Acquiror (as applicable). 

ARTICLE VI 

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 

6.1. Conduct of Businesses Prior to the Effective Time. During the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of
the Effective Time and the date, if any, on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.1, except as may be required by Law, as expressly permitted by this Agreement, as Previously Disclosed or with the prior
written consent of the Acquiror Special Committee (with respect to the Company) and the Company Special Committee (with respect to the Acquiror), which prior written consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld, each of the
Company and the Acquiror shall, and shall cause each of its respective Consolidated Subsidiaries to, (a) conduct its business in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice and each of the Companys and the
Acquirors investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed, respectively, and (b) use reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization and existing business relationships. 

6.2. Company Forbearances. During the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the
date, if any, on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.1, except as may be required by Law, as expressly permitted by this Agreement or as Previously Disclosed, and acting in a manner consistent with
Section 6.1(a), the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Acquiror Special Committee (which prior written consent
shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld): 

(a) other than pursuant to the Companys dividend
reinvestment plan as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, issue, deliver, sell or grant, or encumber or pledge, or authorize the creation of (i) any shares of its capital stock, (ii) any Company Voting Debt or other voting
securities or (iii) any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or any other Rights to acquire, any such shares or other securities; 

(b) (i) make, authorize, declare, pay or set aside any dividend in respect of, or declare or make any distribution on, any
shares of its capital stock, except for (A) the authorization, announcement and payment of regular quarterly cash distributions payable on a quarterly basis, consistent with past practices and the Companys investment objectives and
policies as publicly disclosed, (B) the Tax Dividend or (C) dividends payable by any direct or indirect wholly owned Consolidated Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or another direct or indirect wholly owned Consolidated Subsidiary
of the Company; (ii) adjust, split, combine, reclassify or take similar action with respect to any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
capital stock or (iii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, or securities convertible into, such capital stock; 

41 

(c) sell, transfer, lease, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of
its assets or properties, except for (i) sales, transfers, leases, mortgages, encumbrances or other dispositions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the Companys investment objectives and policies as
publicly disclosed, or (ii) encumbrances required to secure Permitted Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries; 

(d) acquire or agree to acquire all or any portion of the assets, business or properties of any other Person, whether by
merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise or make any other investments, except in a transaction conducted in the ordinary course of business consistent with the Companys investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed; 

(e) amend the Company Charter, the Company Bylaws or other governing documents or similar governing documents of any of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries; 

(f) implement or adopt any material change in its Tax or financial accounting principles,
practices or methods, other than as required by applicable Law, GAAP, the SEC or applicable regulatory requirements; 

(g)
take any action or knowingly fail to take any action that would, or would reasonably be expected to (i) materially delay or materially impede the ability of the parties to consummate the Transactions or (ii) prevent the Mergers from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not preclude the Company from declaring or paying the Tax Dividend on or before the Closing Date; 

(h) incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any Indebtedness of another Person, except for (i) draw-downs
with respect to any Previously Disclosed financing arrangements existing as of the date of this Agreement and obligations to fund commitments to portfolio companies entered into in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Permitted
Indebtedness; 

(i) make or agree to make any new capital expenditure other than obligations to fund commitments to
portfolio companies entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) (i) file or amend any material Tax Return other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (ii) make, change or revoke any material Tax election or (iii) settle or compromise any material Tax liability or refund; 

42 

(k) take any action, or knowingly fail to take any action, which action or
failure to act is reasonably likely to cause the Company to fail to qualify or not be subject to tax as a RIC; 

(l) enter
into any new line of business (it being understood that this prohibition does not apply to any portfolio companies in which the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has made a debt or equity investment that is, would or should be
reflected in the Companys schedule of investments included in its quarterly or annual periodic reports that are filed with the SEC); 

(m) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the Companys investment objectives
and policies as publicly disclosed, or, except as permitted by Section 6.2(h), enter into any Contract that would otherwise constitute a Company Material Contract had it been entered into prior to the date of this
Agreement; 

(n) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the Companys
investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed, terminate, cancel, renew or agree to any material amendment of, change in or waiver under any Company Material Contract (other than any Company Material Contract related to Permitted
Indebtedness); 

(o) settle any Proceeding against it, except for Proceedings that (i) are settled in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and the Companys investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed, in an amount not in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate (after reduction by any insurance proceeds actually received);
(ii) would not impose any material restriction on the conduct of business of it or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or, after the Effective Time, the Acquiror, the Surviving Company or any of their Consolidated Subsidiaries and (iii) would
not admit liability, guilt or fault; 

(p) except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement, merge or
consolidate the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries with any Person or enter into any other similar extraordinary corporate transaction, or adopt, recommend, propose or announce an intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial
liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries; 

(q) acquire, or agree to acquire, any Acquiror Common Stock; or 

(r) agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of the Company Board authorizing, any of the actions
prohibited by this Section 6.2. 

6.3. Acquiror Forbearances. During the period from the date of
this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the date, if any, on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.1, except as may be required by Law, as expressly permitted by this Agreement or as
Previously Disclosed, and acting in a manner consistent with Section 6.1(a), the Acquiror shall not, and shall not permit any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of
the Company Special Committee (which prior written consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld): 

43 

(a) other than pursuant to the Acquirors dividend reinvestment plan as
in effect as of the date of this Agreement, issue, deliver, sell or grant, or encumber or pledge, or authorize the creation of (i) any shares of its capital stock, (ii) any Acquiror Voting Debt or other voting securities or (iii) any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or any other Rights to acquire, any such shares or other securities; 

(b) (i) make, authorize, declare, pay or set aside any dividend in respect of, or declare or make any distribution on, any
shares of its capital stock, except for (A) the authorization, announcement and payment of regular quarterly cash distributions payable on a quarterly basis, consistent with past practices and the Acquirors investment objectives and
policies as publicly disclosed, (B) the authorization and payment of any dividend or distribution necessary for the Acquiror to maintain its qualification as a RIC or avoid the imposition of any income or excise tax, as reasonably determined by
the Acquiror, or (C) dividends payable by any direct or indirect wholly owned Consolidated Subsidiary of the Acquiror to the Acquiror or another direct or indirect wholly owned Consolidated Subsidiary of the Acquiror; (ii) adjust, split,
combine, reclassify or take similar action with respect to any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock or (iii) purchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, or securities convertible into, such capital stock; 

(c) sell, transfer, lease, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or properties, except for
(i) sales, transfers, leases, mortgages, encumbrances or other dispositions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the Acquirors investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed, or
(ii) encumbrances required to secure Permitted Indebtedness of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries; 

(d) acquire or agree to acquire all or any portion of the assets, business or properties of any other Person, whether by
merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise or make any other investments, except in a transaction conducted in the ordinary course of business consistent with the Acquirors investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed; 

(e) amend the Acquiror Charter, the Acquiror Bylaws or other governing documents or similar governing documents of any of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries; 

(f) implement or adopt any material change in its Tax or financial accounting principles,
practices or methods, other than as required by applicable Law, GAAP, the SEC or applicable regulatory requirements; 

44 

(g) take any action or knowingly fail to take any action that would, or
would reasonably be expected to (i) materially delay or materially impede the ability of the parties to consummate the Transactions or (ii) prevent the Mergers from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code; 

(h) incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any Indebtedness of another Person, except for
(i) draw-downs with respect to any Previously Disclosed financing arrangements existing as of the date of this Agreement and obligations to fund commitments to portfolio companies entered into in the ordinary course of business and
(ii) Permitted Indebtedness; 

(i) make or agree to make any new capital expenditure other than obligations to fund
commitments to portfolio companies entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) (i) file or amend any material
Tax Return other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (ii) make, change or revoke any material Tax election or (iii) settle or compromise any material Tax liability or refund; 

(k) take any action, or knowingly fail to take any action, which action or failure to act is reasonably likely to cause the
Acquiror to fail to qualify or not be subject to tax as a RIC; 

(l) enter into any new line of business (it being
understood that this prohibition does not apply to any portfolio companies in which the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has made a debt or equity investment that is, would or should be reflected in the Acquirors schedule of
investments included in its quarterly or annual periodic reports that are filed with the SEC); 

(m) other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the Acquirors investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed, or, except as permitted by Section 6.3(h), enter into any Contract that would
otherwise constitute an Acquiror Material Contract had it been entered into prior to the date of this Agreement; 

(n)
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the Acquirors investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed, terminate, cancel, renew or agree to any material amendment of, change in or waiver under
any Acquiror Material Contract (other than any Acquiror Material Contract related to Permitted Indebtedness); 

(o) settle
any Proceeding against it, except for Proceedings that (i) are settled in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the Acquirors investment objectives and policies as publicly disclosed, in an amount not in excess
of $1,250,000 in the aggregate (after reduction by any insurance proceeds actually received); (ii) would not impose any material restriction on the conduct of business of it or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or, after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries and (iii) would not admit liability, guilt or fault; 

45 

(p) except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement, merge or
consolidate the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries with any Person or enter into any other similar extraordinary corporate transaction, or adopt, recommend, propose or announce an intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial
liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries; 

(q) acquire, or agree to acquire, any Company Common Stock (other than pursuant to the Merger); or 

(r) agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of the Acquiror Board authorizing, any of the actions
prohibited by this Section 6.3. 

ARTICLE VII 

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 

7.1. Further Assurances. 

(a) Subject to the right of the Company to take any action that constitutes a Company Adverse Recommendation Change as
expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.6, and the right of the Acquiror to take any action that constitutes an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change as expressly permitted pursuant to
Section 7.7, the parties shall cooperate with each other and use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, in good faith, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, including to promptly
prepare and file all necessary documentation, to effect all applications, notices, petitions and filings, to obtain as promptly as practicable all Permits of all Governmental Entities and all Permits, consents, approvals, confirmations and
authorizations of all third parties, in each case, that are necessary or advisable, to consummate the Transactions (including the Mergers) in the most expeditious manner practicable, and to comply with the terms and conditions of all such Permits,
consents, approvals, confirmations and authorizations of all such third parties and Governmental Entities. In furtherance (but not in limitation) of the foregoing, each of the Acquiror and the Company shall as promptly as practicable file any
required applications, notices or other filings under the HSR Act. Subject to applicable Law, the Company and the Acquiror shall have the right to review in advance, and, to the extent practicable, each shall consult the other on all the information
relating to the Company or the Acquiror, as the case may be, and any of their respective Consolidated Subsidiaries, that appear in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third-party or any Governmental Entity in connection with
the Transactions. In exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties shall act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. The parties shall consult with each other with respect to the obtaining of all Permits, consents, approvals and
authorizations of all third parties and Permits of all Governmental Entities necessary or advisable to consummate the Transactions and each party will keep the other reasonably apprised of the status of matters relating to completion of the
Transactions. The Acquiror and the Company shall each, in connection with the efforts referenced in this Section 7.1(a) to obtain all requisite Permits for the Transactions under the HSR Act, use its reasonable best efforts
to (i) 

46 

cooperate in all respects with each other in connection with any filing or submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry; (ii) keep the other party informed of any
communication received by such party from, or given by such party to, the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC), the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the DOJ), or any other Governmental Entity and
(iii) subject to applicable Law, permit the other party to review, in advance, any written communication given by it to, or received from, and consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with, the FTC, the DOJ, or any other
Governmental Entity, and to the extent permitted by the FTC, the DOJ, or other applicable Governmental Entity, give the other party the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and conferences subject to applicable Law. 

(b) The Company and the Acquiror shall cooperate with each other and use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, in good faith, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to obtain any consents, approvals, confirmations and authorizations required pursuant to the terms of the Company Indebtedness to consummate the Transactions
(including the Merger). 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall require
either the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, on the one hand, or the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, on the other hand, to make payments or provide other consideration for the repayment, restructuring or amendment of terms of
Indebtedness in connection with the Transactions (including the Mergers), other than any consent fees that were Previously Disclosed. 

7.2. Regulatory Matters. 

(a) The Acquiror and the Company shall as promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement (and in any event no
later than forty-five (45) calendar days following the date of this Agreement) jointly prepare and file (or cause to be filed) with the SEC the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus relating to the Company Stockholders Meeting and the Acquiror
Stockholders Meeting and the Registration Statement, each of which shall comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ. The Acquiror shall use
its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities Act and applicable state Law as promptly as practicable after such filing and to keep the Registration Statement effective as long as necessary to
consummate the Mergers. The Company and the Acquiror shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be cleared by the SEC as promptly as practicable after its filing. 

(b) Each of the Acquiror and the Company shall cooperate with the other in the preparation and filing of the Registration
Statement and shall furnish to the other all information reasonably requested as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement and/or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto or any other filing or application made by or on behalf of the Acquiror, the Company or any of their respective Consolidated Subsidiaries to any Governmental Entity in connection with the

47 

Merger and the other Transactions. Prior to the Effective Time, each party hereto shall promptly (i) notify the other party (X) upon becoming aware of any event or circumstance that is
required to be described in an amendment to the Registration Statement or in a supplement to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and (Y) after the receipt by it of any comments of the SEC (or the staff of the SEC) with respect to the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Registration Statement or any request from the SEC (or the staff of the SEC) for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement and/or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and (ii) provide the other
party with copies of all written correspondence and/or notice of oral communications between it and the SEC (or the staff of the SEC). Each of the Acquiror and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond as promptly as reasonably
practicable to any comments of the SEC (or the staff of the SEC) with respect to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Registration Statement. 

(c) Prior to filing the Registration Statement or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or responding to any comments of the
SEC with respect thereto, each of the Company and the Acquiror shall provide the other party and its counsel a reasonable opportunity to review such document or response (including the proposed final version of such document or response) and
consider in good faith the comments of the other party in connection with any such document or response. None of the Company, the Acquiror or their respective Representatives shall agree to participate in any material or substantive meeting or
conference (including by telephone) with the SEC, or any member of the staff thereof, in respect of the Registration Statement or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus unless it takes commercially reasonable measures to consult with the other party
in advance, provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any Person from communicating with the SEC in any telephone call made to such Person by a member of the staff of the SEC of which such Person had not been expressly informed by a
member of the staff of the SEC would be forthcoming reasonably prior to such call. The Acquiror shall advise the Company, promptly after receipt of notice thereof, of the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and the issuance of any
stop order relating thereto or the suspension of the qualification of shares thereunder for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, and each of the Company and the Acquiror shall use its reasonable best efforts to have any such stop order or
suspension lifted, reversed or otherwise terminated. Each of the Company and the Acquiror shall use its reasonable best efforts to take any other action required to be taken by it under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the laws of the State of
Delaware or the State of Maryland (as applicable) and the rules of NASDAQ in connection with the filing and distribution of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Registration Statement, and the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of
the Company and the Acquiror thereunder. 

(d) If either the Acquiror or the Company determines that it is required to file
any document other than the Registration Statement with the SEC in connection with the Mergers pursuant to applicable Law, then each of the Acquiror and the Company shall jointly use their reasonable best efforts to promptly prepare and file such
filing with the SEC, which shall comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ. 

48 

(e) Subject to applicable Law, each of the Acquiror and the Company shall
promptly advise the other upon receiving any communication from any Governmental Entity, the consent or approval of which is required for consummation of the Transactions, that causes such party to believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that
any Regulatory Approval will not be obtained or that the receipt of any such approval may be materially delayed or conditioned. 

7.3.
Stockholder Approval. 

(a) As of the date of this Agreement, the Company Board, including all of the Company
Continuing Directors (on the recommendation of the Company Special Committee), has unanimously (i) determined that (A) this Agreement and the terms of the Merger and the related Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of the
Company and (B) the interests of the Companys existing stockholders will not be diluted as a result of the Transactions, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Merger and
other Company Matters), (iii) directed that the approval of the Company Matters be submitted to the Companys stockholders at the Company Stockholders Meeting and (iv) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Company approve the
Company Matters, including the Merger. Unless this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the Company shall submit to its stockholders the Company Matters on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
any other matters required to be approved or adopted by its stockholders in order to carry out the Transactions. In furtherance of that obligation, the Company shall take, in accordance with applicable Law and the Company Charter and the Company
Bylaws, all actions necessary to (w) establish a record date for the Company Stockholders Meeting, which record date shall be prior to the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and commence a broker search pursuant to Section 14a-13 of the Exchange Act in respect thereof at least twenty (20) Business Days prior thereto, (x) duly call and give notice of the Company Stockholders Meeting to consider and vote upon the
proposal to approve the Company Matters, including the Merger, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, as well as any other such matters in connection with the Transactions, (y) take such actions to coordinate with the other
parties hereto to cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus (and all other proxy materials) to be mailed to its stockholders as of the record date and (z) duly convene and hold the Company Stockholders Meeting as promptly as practicable after
the initiation of mailing of the Registration Statement to the Companys stockholders (but in no event later than forty (40) Business Days following the date of initiation of mailing of the Registration Statement to the Companys
stockholders (which deadline shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, apply to any adjournments of the Company Stockholders Meeting)), to consider and vote upon the proposal to approve the Company Matters, including the Merger, on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement as well as any other such matters. In no event will the record date of the Company Stockholders Meeting be changed without the Acquiror Special Committees prior written consent, unless required by
applicable Law. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain from the Companys stockholders the Company Requisite Vote to approve the Company Matters, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including, subject to
Section 7.6, by providing to the Companys stockholders the recommendation of the Company Board 

49 

and the Company Special Committee that the stockholders of the Company approve the Company Matters (the Company Recommendation) and including the Company Recommendation in the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and by, at the request of the Acquiror, postponing or adjourning the Company Stockholders Meeting to allow reasonable time to obtain a quorum or solicit additional proxies or if required by applicable Law, order or a
request from the SEC or its staff; provided that the Company shall not postpone or adjourn the Company Stockholders Meeting for any other reason without the prior written consent of the Acquiror (which prior written consent shall not be
unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld), and provided further that in no event shall the Company Stockholders Meeting be postponed or adjourned to a date that is later than six (6) Business Days prior to the Outside Date. Notwithstanding
any Company Adverse Recommendation Change, unless this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, the obligations of the Company pursuant to this Section 7.3(a) (including its obligation to submit to its
stockholders the Company Matters and any other matters required to be approved or adopted by its stockholders in order to carry out the Transactions) shall continue in full force and effect and such obligations shall not be affected by the
commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or communication to the Company, its Representatives or its stockholders of any Takeover Proposal (whether or not a Company Superior Proposal). 

(b) As of the date of this Agreement, the Acquiror Board (on the recommendation of the Acquiror Special Committee) has
unanimously (i) determined that (A) this Agreement and the terms of the Mergers and the related Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of the Acquiror and its stockholders and (B) the interests of the Acquirors
existing stockholders will not be diluted as a result of the Transactions, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Merger and the Acquiror Matters), (iii) directed that the approval of
the Acquiror Matters be submitted to the Acquirors stockholders at the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting and (iv) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Acquiror approve the Acquiror Matters. Unless this Agreement is otherwise
terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the Acquiror shall submit to its stockholders the Acquiror Matters on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and any other matters required to be approved or adopted by its stockholders
in order to carry out the Transactions. In furtherance of that obligation, the Acquiror shall take, in accordance with applicable Law and the Acquiror Charter and the Acquiror Bylaws, all actions necessary to (w) establish a record date for the
Acquiror Stockholders Meeting, which record date shall be prior to the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and commence a broker search pursuant to Section 14a-13 of the Exchange Act in
respect thereof at least twenty (20) Business Days prior thereto, (x) duly call and give notice of the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting to consider and vote upon the proposal to approve the Acquiror Matters on the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement as well as any other such matters, (y) take such actions to coordinate with the other parties hereto to cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus (and all other proxy materials) to be mailed to its stockholders as of
the record date and (z) duly convene and hold the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting as promptly as practicable after the initiation of mailing of the Registration Statement to the Acquirors stockholders (but in no event later than forty
(40) Business Days following the date of initiation of mailing of the Registration 

50 

Statement to the Acquirors stockholders (which deadline shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, apply to any adjournments of the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting)), to consider and vote upon
the proposal to approve the Acquiror Matters, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement as well as any other such matters. In no event will the record date of the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting be changed without the Company Special
Committees prior written consent, unless required by applicable Law. The Acquiror shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain from the Acquirors stockholders the Acquiror Requisite Vote to approve the Acquiror Matters, on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement, including, subject to Section 7.7, by providing to the Acquirors stockholders the recommendation of the Acquiror Board and the Acquiror Special Committee that the stockholders
of the Acquiror approve the Acquiror Matters (the Acquiror Recommendation) and including the Acquiror Recommendation in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and by, at the request of the Company, postponing or adjourning the
Acquiror Stockholders Meeting to allow reasonable time to obtain a quorum or solicit additional proxies or if required by applicable Law, order or a request from the SEC or its staff; provided that the Acquiror shall not postpone or adjourn
the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting for any other reason without the prior written consent of the Company Special Committee (which prior written consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld), and provided further that in no event
shall the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting be postponed or adjourned to a date that is later than six (6) Business Days prior to the Outside Date. Notwithstanding any Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change, unless this Agreement is terminated in
accordance with its terms, the obligations of the Acquiror pursuant to this Section 7.3(b) (including its obligation to submit to its stockholders the Acquiror Matters and any other matters required to be approved or
adopted by its stockholders in order to carry out the Transactions) shall continue in full force and effect and such obligations shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or communication to the Acquiror, its
Representatives or its stockholders of any Takeover Proposal (whether or not an Acquiror Superior Proposal). 

7.4. Indemnification.

(a) Following the Effective Time, the Acquiror shall, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, indemnify,
defend and hold harmless and advance expenses to the present and former directors and officers of the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (in each case, when acting in such capacity) (each, an Indemnified Party and
collectively, the Indemnified Parties) against all costs or expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees actually incurred, reasonable experts fees, reasonable travel expenses, court costs,
transcript fees and telecommunications, postage and courier charges), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, penalties, amounts paid in settlement or other liabilities (collectively, Indemnified Liabilities) incurred in
connection with any Proceeding arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including the Transactions). In the event of any such Indemnified Liabilities, (i) the Acquiror shall advance to such Indemnified
Party, upon request, reimbursement of documented expenses reasonably and actually incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law (provided, that the Person to whom expenses are advanced, or someone on his or her

51 

behalf, provides an undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such Person is not entitled to indemnification and complies with other applicable provisions imposed
under the Investment Company Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC or its staff) and (ii) the Acquiror and the applicable Indemnified Parties shall cooperate in the defense of such matter. 

(b) At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall, at the cost of the Company, purchase prepaid, non-cancelable directors and officers liability, employment practices liability and fiduciary liability tail insurance with a reporting period no less than six (6) years from the
Closing, covering each Indemnified Party and any other natural persons who are covered by the directors and officers liability, employment practices liability and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by the Company and the
Consolidated Subsidiaries in effect as of the Closing (such persons Insured Persons and such insurance Current Insurance) in respect of actions, omissions, circumstances, events or other matters occurring at or
prior to the Closing (including with respect to actions, omissions, circumstances, events or other matters occurring in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby) on terms and conditions, including limits and
retentions, no less favorable to the Insured Persons than the Current Insurance. The Acquiror shall, and shall cause the Company to, maintain such tail insurance in full force and effect from and after the Closing and shall not, and
shall cause the Company not to, amend the terms and conditions of such tail insurance in any manner. 

(c) Any
Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification under Section 7.4(a), upon learning of any Proceeding described above, shall promptly notify the Acquiror in writing; provided, that the failure to so notify shall
not affect the obligations of the Acquiror under Section 7.4(a) unless the Acquiror is materially prejudiced as a consequence. 

(d) If the Acquiror or any of its successors or assigns consolidates with or merges into any other entity and is not the
continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger or transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to any other entity or consummates any division transaction, then and in each such case, the Acquiror shall
cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and assigns of the Acquiror shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 7.4. 

(e) The provisions of this Section 7.4 are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and Representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such person may have by Contract or otherwise.

7.5. No Solicitation. 

(a) Each of the Company and the Acquiror shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates, Consolidated Subsidiaries, and its
and each of their respective officers, directors, trustees, managers, employees, consultants, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants and other advisors, representatives and agents (collectively, Representatives) to,
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any discussions or 

52 

negotiations with any Person that may be ongoing with respect to, or that are intended to or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a Takeover Proposal, and demand the immediate return or
destruction (which destruction shall be certified in writing to the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable) of all confidential information previously furnished to any Person (other than the Company, the Acquiror or their respective Affiliates or
Representatives) with respect to any Takeover Proposal, subject to the terms of any existing confidentiality or similar agreement with such Person. Prior to the Effective Time, subject to Section 7.6 in the case of the
Company and Section 7.7 in the case of the Acquiror, each of the Company and the Acquiror shall not, and shall cause its respective Affiliates, Consolidated Subsidiaries and its and their respective Representatives not to:
(i) directly or indirectly solicit, initiate, induce, encourage or take any other action (including by providing information) designed to, or which could reasonably be expected to, facilitate any inquiries or the making or submission or
implementation of any proposal or offer (including any proposal or offer to its stockholders) with respect to any Takeover Proposal; (ii) approve, publicly endorse or recommend or enter into any agreement, arrangement, discussions or
understandings with respect to any Takeover Proposal (including any letter of intent, agreement in principle, memorandum of understanding or confidentiality agreement) or enter into any Contract or understanding (including any letter of intent,
agreement in principle, memorandum of understanding or confidentiality agreement (other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below) entered into when permitted by Section 7.6 in the case of the Company
and Section 7.7 in the case of the Acquiror)) requiring it to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate, or that is intended to or that could reasonably be expected to result in the abandonment of, termination of or failure
to consummate, the Merger or any other Transaction; (iii) initiate or participate in any way in any negotiations or discussions regarding, or furnish or disclose to any Person (other than the Acquiror, the Company or their respective Affiliates
or Representatives) any information with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate or in furtherance of any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal;
(iv) publicly propose or publicly announce an intention to take any of the foregoing actions; or (v) grant any (x) approval pursuant to any Takeover Statute to any Person (other than the Acquiror, the Company or their respective
Affiliates) or with respect to any transaction (other than the Transactions) or (y) unless required by applicable fiduciary duties (in the case of the Acquiror) or the applicable statutory duties under applicable Law (in the case of the
Company) (as determined by the Acquiror Board or the Company Board in good faith, as applicable), waive, release or fail to enforce any standstill or similar agreement of any third party with respect to equity securities of the Company or the
Acquiror; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Acquiror (A) may inform Persons of the provisions contained in this Section 7.5, and (B) shall be permitted to
grant a waiver of, or terminate, any standstill or similar agreement of any third party with respect to equity securities of the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, in order to allow such third party to confidentially submit a Takeover Proposal.

53 

(b) Each of the Company and the Acquiror shall as promptly as reasonably
practicable (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours after receipt) (i) notify the other party in writing of any request for information or any Takeover Proposal and the terms and conditions of such request, Takeover Proposal or
inquiry (including the identity of the Person (or group of Persons) making such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry) and (ii) provide to the other party copies of any written materials received by the Company or the Acquiror or their
respective Affiliates or Representatives in connection with any of the foregoing, and the identity of the Person (or group of Persons) making any such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry or with whom any discussions or negotiations are taking
place. Each of the Company and the Acquiror agrees that it shall keep the other party informed on a reasonably current basis (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours after receipt) of the status and the material terms and conditions
(including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry and keep the other party informed on a reasonably current basis of any information requested of or provided by the Company or the Acquiror and as to the
status of all discussions or negotiations with respect to any such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry. 

7.6. Company Takeover
Proposals. 

(a) If on or after the date of this Agreement and at any time prior to the Company Requisite Vote being
obtained at the Company Stockholders Meeting: (i) the Company receives an unsolicited bona fide Takeover Proposal (under circumstances which did not result from any breach or deemed breach of the provisions of Sections 7.5(a) and
(b)) and (ii) the Company Special Committee shall have determined in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, that (x) failure to consider such
Takeover Proposal would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of the statutory duties under applicable Law applicable to the members of the Company Board and (y) such Takeover Proposal constitutes or is reasonably likely to result in a
Company Superior Proposal, then, subject to compliance with this Section 7.6(a), the Company and the Company Special Committee may, directly or indirectly through one or more of their Representatives, engage in negotiations
or discussions with such Person who has made the unsolicited bona fide Takeover Proposal and provide information in response to a request therefor by a Person who has made such Takeover Proposal if the Company (A) receives from such Person an
executed confidentiality agreement with terms that are at least as restrictive in all material respects on such person as those contained in any confidentiality agreement between the Acquiror and the Company (an Acceptable Confidentiality
Agreement) and (B) provides the Acquiror a copy of all such information that has not previously been delivered to the Acquiror simultaneously with delivery to such Person (or such Persons Representatives or Affiliates). If on or
after the date of this Agreement and at any time prior to the Company Requisite Vote being obtained at the Company Stockholders Meeting, (1) the Company Special Committee has determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal
counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor) that a Takeover Proposal constitutes a Company Superior Proposal, (2) the Company Special Committee has determined in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor and after compliance with its obligations under this Section 7.6(a) and Section 7.6(b), that failure to take any actions
described in clause (A), (B) or (C) below would be a breach of the statutory duties under applicable Law applicable to the members of the Company Board 

54 

under applicable Law as a result of a Company Superior Proposal and (3) the Company Special Committee has recommended (A) the approval, adoption, recommendation or declaration of
advisability by the Company Board (or any committee thereof, including the Company Special Committee) of the Company Matters, including the Company Recommendation be withdrawn or qualified (or modified or amended in a manner adverse to the
Acquiror), or the Company Board (or any committee thereof, including the Company Special Committee) publicly propose to withdraw or qualify (or modify or amend in a manner adverse to the Acquiror) the approval, adoption, recommendation or
declaration of advisability of the Company Matters, including the Company Recommendation and/or (B) the Company not to include the Company Recommendation in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus (any action described in clause (A) and
(B) referred to as a Company Adverse Recommendation Change) and/or (C) the Company to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(c)(iv) to enter into a definitive written agreement with respect
to such Takeover Proposal, then the Company Board may take, and/or cause the Company to take, such recommended actions. 

(b) Upon any determination that a Takeover Proposal constitutes a Company Superior Proposal, the Company shall promptly
provide (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours of such determination) to the Acquiror a written notice (a Notice of a Company Superior Proposal) (i) advising the Acquiror that the Company Board has received a Company
Superior Proposal, (ii) specifying in reasonable detail the material terms and conditions of such Company Superior Proposal and any amendment thereof, including the amount per share or other consideration that the stockholders of the Company
will receive in connection with the Company Superior Proposal and including a copy of all written materials provided to or by the Company in connection with such Company Superior Proposal (unless previously provided to the Acquiror), and
(iii) identifying the Person making such Company Superior Proposal. The Company shall cooperate and negotiate in good faith with the Acquiror (to the extent the Acquiror desires to negotiate) during the five (5) calendar day period
following the Acquirors receipt of the Notice of a Company Superior Proposal (it being understood that any amendment to the financial terms or any other material term of such Company Superior Proposal shall require a new notice and a new two
(2) calendar day period) to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement such that such Company Superior Proposal would cease to constitute a Company Superior Proposal and proceed with a Company Recommendation without a
Company Adverse Recommendation Change. If thereafter the Company Special Committee determines, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor and after giving effect to any proposed
adjustments to the terms of this Agreement that such Company Superior Proposal remains a Company Superior Proposal and that the failure to make such Company Adverse Recommendation Change would be a breach of the statutory duties under applicable Law
applicable to the members of the Company Board, and the Company has complied in all material respects with Section 7.6(a) above and this Section 7.6(b), the Company may, pursuant to
Section 7.6(a), effectuate a Company Adverse Recommendation Change and/or terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(c)(iv). 

55 

(c) Other than as permitted by Section 7.6(a) or
Section 7.6(d), neither the Company nor the Company Board (or any committee thereof, including the Company Special Committee) shall make any Company Adverse Recommendation Change or terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(c)(iv). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Company Adverse Recommendation Change shall change the approval of the Company Matters or any other approval of the Company Board, including in any
respect that would have the effect of causing any Takeover Statute or other similar statute to be applicable to the Transactions. 

(d) Other than in connection with a Company Takeover Proposal, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict the
Company Board, upon the recommendation of the Company Special Committee, from, on or after the date of this Agreement and at any time prior to the Company Requisite Vote being obtained at the Company Stockholders Meeting (or, in the case of any
Company Dilution Intervening Event, prior to the Closing), effectuating (x) a Company Adverse Recommendation Change in response to an Intervening Event or (y) in the case of a Company Dilution Intervening Event, terminating this Agreement
pursuant to Section 9.1(c)(v) (each of (x) and (y) a Company Intervening Event Recommendation Change) if (A) prior to effecting any such Company Intervening Event Recommendation Change, the
Company promptly notifies the Acquiror, in writing, at least five (5) Business Days (the Company Intervening Event Notice Period) before taking such action of its intent to consider such action (which notice shall not, by
itself, constitute a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or a Company Intervening Event Recommendation Change), and which notice shall include a reasonably detailed description of the underlying facts giving rise to, and the reasons for taking,
such action, (B) the Company shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, during the Company Intervening Event Notice Period, negotiate with the Acquiror in good faith (to the extent the Acquiror desires to negotiate) to make such adjustments
in the terms and conditions of this Agreement that would not permit the Company Board to make a Company Intervening Event Recommendation Change, and (C) the Company Special Committee has determined in good faith, after consultation with its
outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor and after compliance with its obligations under this Section 7.6(d) that the failure to effect such a Company Intervening Event
Recommendation Change, after taking into account any adjustments made by the Acquiror during the Company Intervening Event Notice Period, would be a breach of the statutory duties under applicable Law applicable to the members of the Company Board,
and the Company Board, following such determination, determines the same or, in the case of a Company Dilution Intervening Event, the Company Special Committee has determined, reasonably and in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, that, taking into account any proposed revised terms from the Acquiror, the interests of the Companys existing stockholders will be diluted within the meaning of Rule 17a-8 under the Investment Company Act as a result of the Transactions. In the event that any amendment shall be made to this Agreement following the Company Stockholders Meeting and prior to the Closing in respect
of any Company Dilution Intervening Event requiring the approval of the Companys stockholders, the Company shall be required to take all such actions otherwise provided hereunder to cause a new Company Stockholders Meeting, in such manner as
set forth in such amendment. 

56 

(e) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit the
Company from (i) complying with its disclosure obligations under applicable U.S. federal or state Law with regard to any Takeover Proposal or (ii) making any disclosure to the Companys stockholders if, after consultation with its
outside legal counsel, the Company determines that such disclosure would be required under applicable Law; provided, however, that any such disclosures (other than a stop, look and listen communication or similar
communication of the type contemplated by Section 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be a Company Adverse Recommendation Change unless the Company Board expressly publicly reaffirms the
Company Recommendation (A) in such communication or (B) within three (3) Business Days after being requested in writing to do so by the Acquiror. 

7.7. Acquiror Takeover Proposals. 

(a) If on or after the date of this Agreement and at any time prior to the Acquiror Requisite Vote being obtained at the
Acquiror Stockholders Meeting: (i) the Acquiror receives an unsolicited bona fide Takeover Proposal (under circumstances which did not result from any breach or deemed breach of the provisions of Sections 7.5(a) and (b)) and
(ii) the Acquiror Special Committee shall have determined in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, that (x) failure to consider such Takeover Proposal
would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of the Acquiror directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law and (y) such Takeover Proposal constitutes or is reasonably likely to result in an Acquiror Superior Proposal, then, subject
to compliance with this Section 7.7(a), the Acquiror and the Acquiror Special Committee may, directly or indirectly through one or more of their Representatives, engage in negotiations or discussions with such Person who
has made the unsolicited bona fide Takeover Proposal and provide information in response to a request therefor by a Person who has made such Takeover Proposal if the Acquiror (A) receives from such Person an executed Acceptable Confidentiality
Agreement and (B) provides the Company a copy of all such information that has not previously been delivered to the Company simultaneously with delivery to such Person (or such Persons Representatives or Affiliates). If on or after the
date of this Agreement and at any time prior to the Acquiror Requisite Vote being obtained at the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting, (1) the Acquiror Special Committee has determined in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and
outside legal counsel) that a Takeover Proposal constitutes an Acquiror Superior Proposal, (2) the Acquiror Special Committee has determined in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial
matters, its financial advisor and after compliance with its obligations under this Section 7.7(a) and Section 7.7(b), that failure to take any action described in clause (A), (B) or (C) below
would be a breach of the Acquiror directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law as a result of an Acquiror Superior Proposal and (3) the Acquiror Special Committee has recommended (A) the approval, adoption, recommendation or
declaration of advisability by the Acquiror Board (or any committee thereof, including the Acquiror Special Committee) of the Acquiror Matters, including the Acquiror Recommendation be withdrawn or qualified (or modified or amended in a manner
adverse to the Company), or the Acquiror Board (or any committee thereof, including the Acquiror Special Committee) publicly propose to withdraw or qualify (or 

57 

modify or amend in a manner adverse to the Company) the approval, adoption, recommendation or declaration of advisability of the Acquiror Matters, including the Acquiror Recommendation and/or
(B) the Acquiror not to include the Acquiror Recommendation in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus (any action described in clause (A) and (B) referred to as an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change) and/or
(C) the Acquiror to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(d)(iv) to enter into a definitive written agreement with respect to such Takeover Proposal, then the Acquiror Board may take, and/or cause the
Acquiror to take, such recommended actions. 

(b) Upon any determination that a Takeover Proposal constitutes an Acquiror
Superior Proposal, the Acquiror shall promptly provide (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours of such determination) to the Company a written notice (a Notice of an Acquiror Superior Proposal) (i) advising the
Company that the Acquiror Board has received an Acquiror Superior Proposal, (ii) specifying in reasonable detail the material terms and conditions of such Acquiror Superior Proposal and any amendment thereof, including the amount per share or
other consideration that the stockholders of the Acquiror will receive in connection with the Acquiror Superior Proposal and including a copy of all written materials provided to or by the Acquiror in connection with such Acquiror Superior Proposal
(unless previously provided to the Company), and (iii) identifying the Person making such Acquiror Superior Proposal. The Acquiror shall cooperate and negotiate in good faith with the Company (to the extent the Company desires to negotiate)
during the five (5) calendar day period following the Companys receipt of the Notice of an Acquiror Superior Proposal (it being understood that any amendment to the financial terms or any other material term of such Acquiror Superior
Proposal shall require a new notice and a new two (2) calendar day period) to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement such that such Acquiror Superior Proposal would cease to constitute an Acquiror Superior Proposal
and proceed with an Acquiror Recommendation without an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change. If thereafter the Acquiror Special Committee determines, in its reasonable good faith judgment after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with
respect to financial matters, its financial advisor and after giving effect to any proposed adjustments to the terms of this Agreement that such Acquiror Superior Proposal remains an Acquiror Superior Proposal and that the failure to make such
Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change would be a breach of the Acquiror directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law, and the Acquiror has complied in all material respects with Section 7.7(a) above and this
Section 7.7(b), the Acquiror may, pursuant to Section 7.7(a), effectuate an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change and/or terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(d)(iv). 

(c) Other than as permitted by Section 7.7(a) or
Section 7.7(d), neither the Acquiror nor the Acquiror Board (or any committee thereof, including the Acquiror Special Committee) shall make any Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change or terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1(d)(iv). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change shall change the approval of the Acquiror Matters or any other approval of the Acquiror Board, including in any
respect that would have the effect of causing any Takeover Statute or other similar statute to be applicable to the Transactions. 

58 

(d) Other than in connection with an Acquiror Takeover Proposal, nothing in
this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict the Acquiror Board, upon the recommendation of the Acquiror Special Committee, from, on or after the date of this Agreement and at any time prior to the Acquiror Requisite Vote being obtained at the Acquiror
Stockholders Meeting (or, in the case of any Acquiror Dilution Intervening Event, prior to the Closing), effectuating (x) an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change in response to an Intervening Event or (y) in the case of a Acquiror
Dilution Intervening Event, terminating this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(d)(v) (each of (x) and (y) an Acquiror Intervening Event Recommendation Change) if (A) prior to effecting any such Acquiror Intervening
Event Recommendation Change, the Acquiror promptly notifies the Company, in writing, at least five (5) Business Days (the Acquiror Intervening Event Notice Period) before taking such action of its intent to consider such
action (which notice shall not, by itself, constitute an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change or an Acquiror Intervening Event Recommendation Change), and which notice shall include a reasonably detailed description of the underlying facts giving
rise to, and the reasons for taking, such action, (B) the Acquiror shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, during the Acquiror Intervening Event Notice Period, negotiate with the Company in good faith (to the extent the Company desires
to negotiate) to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement that would not permit the Acquiror Board to make an Acquiror Intervening Event Recommendation Change, and (C) the Acquiror Special Committee has determined in
good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor and after compliance with its obligations under this Section 7.6(d) that the failure to effect such
an Acquiror Intervening Event Recommendation Change, after taking into account any adjustments made by the Company during the Acquiror Intervening Event Notice Period, would be a breach of the Acquiror directors fiduciary duties under
applicable Law, and the Acquiror Board, following such determination, determines the same or, in the case of an Acquiror Dilution Intervening Event, the Acquiror Special Committee has determined, reasonably and in good faith, after consultation with
its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, that, taking into account any proposed revised terms from the Company, the interests of the Acquirors existing stockholders will be diluted within the
meaning of Rule 17a-8 under the Investment Company Act as a result of the Transactions. In the event that any amendment shall be made to this Agreement following the Acquiror Stockholders Meeting and prior to
the Closing in respect of any Acquiror Dilution Intervening Event requiring the approval of the Acquirors stockholders, the Acquiror shall be required to take all such actions otherwise provided hereunder to cause a new Acquiror Stockholders
Meeting, in such manner as set forth in such amendment. 

(e) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to
prohibit the Acquiror from (i) complying with its disclosure obligations under applicable U.S. federal or state Law with regard to any Takeover Proposal or (ii) making any disclosure to the Acquirors stockholders if, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel, the Acquiror determines that such disclosure would be required under applicable Law; provided, however, that any such disclosures (other than a stop, look and listen
communication or similar communication of the type contemplated by Section 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act) shall be deemed to be an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change unless the Acquiror Board
expressly publicly reaffirms the Acquiror Recommendation (A) in such communication or (B) within three (3) Business Days after being requested in writing to do so by the Company. 

59 

7.8. Access to Information. 

(a) Upon reasonable notice, except as may otherwise be restricted by applicable Law, each of the Company and the Acquiror
shall, and shall cause each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, afford to the directors, officers, accountants, counsel, advisors and other Representatives of the other party, reasonable access, during normal business hours during the period prior
to the Effective Time, to its properties, books, Contracts, and records and, during such period, such party shall, and shall cause its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, make available (including via EDGAR) to the other party all other information
concerning its business and properties as the other party may reasonably request; provided that the foregoing shall not require the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, to afford access to or to disclose any information that in such
partys reasonable judgment would violate any confidentiality obligations to which such party is subject to if after using its reasonable best efforts with respect thereto, it was unable to obtain any required consent to provide such access or
make such disclosure; provided, further, that either the Company or the Acquiror may restrict access to the extent required by any applicable Law or as may be necessary to preserve attorney-client privilege or any similar privilege or
protection under any circumstances in which such privilege or protection may be jeopardized by such disclosure or access. 

(b) No investigation by a party hereto or its Representatives shall affect or be deemed to modify the representations and
warranties of the other parties set forth in this Agreement. 

7.9. Publicity. The initial press release with respect to the
Transactions shall be a joint press release reasonably acceptable to each of the Acquiror, the Company and the Acquiror Adviser. Thereafter, so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Acquiror, the Company and the Acquiror Adviser each shall
consult with the others before issuing or causing the publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect to this Agreement, the Mergers or the Transactions, except (x) as may be required by applicable Law or the rules
and regulations of NASDAQ, and, to the extent practicable, before such press release or other public announcement is issued or made, the Acquiror, the Company or the Acquiror Adviser, as applicable, shall have used commercially reasonable efforts to
advise the other parties of, and consult with the other parties regarding, the text of such press release or other public announcement or (y) to the extent that such press release or other public announcement relates to any Company Adverse
Recommendation Change or Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change made in accordance with Sections 7.6 or 7.7, as applicable; provided, that the Acquiror, the Company or the Acquiror Adviser may make any public statement in
response to specific questions by analysts, investors or those attending industry conferences or financial analyst conference calls, so long as any such statements (A) are consistent with previous press releases, public disclosures or public
statements made in compliance with this Section 7.9 and (B) do not constitute a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change made in accordance with Sections 7.6 or 7.7,
as applicable. 

60 

7.10. Takeover Statutes and Provisions. Neither the Acquiror nor the Company
will take any action that would cause the Transactions to be subject to requirements imposed by any Takeover Statutes. Each of the Acquiror and the Company shall take all necessary steps within its control to exempt (or ensure the continued
exemption of) those Transactions from, or if necessary challenge the validity or applicability of, any applicable Takeover Statute, as now or hereafter in effect. 

7.11. Tax Matters. 

(a) Tax Representation Letters. Prior to the Effective Time (or at such other times as requested by counsel), each of
the Acquiror and the Company shall execute and deliver to Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP tax representation letters (which will be used in connection with the tax opinions contemplated by Sections 8.2(e) and 8.3(e)). 

(b) RIC Status. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (i) the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Acquiror Special Committee, take any action,
or knowingly fail to take any action, which action or failure to act is reasonably likely to cause the Company to fail to qualify as a RIC, and (ii) the Acquiror shall not, and shall not permit any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, directly
or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company Special Committee, take any action, or knowingly fail to take any action, which action or failure to act is reasonably likely to cause the Acquiror to fail to qualify as a RIC. 

(c) Tax Treatment of Mergers. Unless otherwise required by applicable Law or administrative action,
(i) each of the Company, the Acquiror and Merger Sub shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Mergers to qualify as a reorganization governed by Section 368(a) of the Code, including by not taking any action that such party knows
is reasonably likely to prevent such qualification; and (ii) each of the Company, the Acquiror and Merger Sub shall report the Mergers for U.S. federal income Tax purposes as a reorganization governed by Section 368(a) of the Code. 

(d) Tax Opinions. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the tax opinion described in
Section 8.3(e), and the Acquiror shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the tax opinion described in Section 8.2(e). 

(e) Form W-9. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall deliver to the
Acquiror a duly completed and executed Form W-9, dated as of the Closing Date. 

7.12.
Stockholder Litigation. The parties to this Agreement shall reasonably cooperate and consult with one another in connection with the defense and settlement of any Proceeding by the Companys stockholders or the Acquirors
stockholders against any of them or any of their respective directors, officers or Affiliates with respect to this Agreement or the Transactions. Each of the Company and the Acquiror (i) shall keep the other party reasonably informed of any
material developments in connection with any such Proceeding brought by its stockholders and (ii) shall not settle any such Proceeding without the prior written consent of the other party (such consent not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or
withheld). 

61 

7.13. Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, each of the Company Board and
the Acquiror Board shall take all such steps as may be required to cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock or acquisitions of Acquiror Common Stock resulting from the Transactions by each individual who is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company or will become subject to such reporting requirements with respect to the Acquiror, in each case, to be exempt pursuant to Rule
16b-3.

7.14. No Other Representations or Warranties. The parties hereto acknowledge and
agree that except for the representations and warranties of the Company in Article III, the representations and warranties of the Acquiror in Article IV and the representations and warranties of the Acquiror Adviser in Article
V, none of the Acquiror Adviser, the Company, the Acquiror or any of the Companys or the Acquirors respective Consolidated Subsidiaries or any other Person acting on behalf of the foregoing makes or has relied on any representation
or warranty, express or implied. 

7.15. Merger of Surviving Company. Immediately after the occurrence of the
Effective Time, in accordance with the MGCL and the DGCL, the Surviving Company and the Acquiror shall consummate the Second Merger. 

7.16. Coordination of Dividends. 

(a) The Acquiror and the Company shall coordinate with each other in designating the record and payment dates for any periodic
dividends or distributions to their stockholders declared in accordance with this Agreement in any calendar quarter in which the Closing Date might reasonably be expected to occur, and neither the Acquiror nor the Company shall authorize or declare
any dividend or distribution to its stockholders after the Determination Date at any time on or before the Closing Date; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit the Acquiror or the Company from authorizing, declaring or
paying any dividend or distribution to its stockholders solely payable in cash in accordance with this Agreement, including, with respect to the Company, the Tax Dividend. 

(b) Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall declare and pay to the holders of Company Common Stock the Tax Dividend. For
the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the taxable year that includes the Closing Date, the Company shall not be required to make distributions, and it is expected that any income or gain for such taxable year that is undistributed as of the
Closing Date shall be distributed (i) by the Acquiror on the Companys behalf pursuant to the Deficiency Dividend or (ii) through such other mechanism as agreed by the parties. 

7.17. NASDAQ Listing; Blue Sky. The Acquiror shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of Acquiror Common
Stock to be issued as Merger Consideration under this Agreement to be approved for listing on NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance, at or prior to the Effective Time. The Acquiror shall also use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all
necessary state securities law or blue sky permits and approvals required to carry out the Transactions (provided that in no event shall the Acquiror be required to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is
not now so qualified or file a general consent to service of process). 

62 

7.18. Net Asset Value Calculation. 

(a) In order to facilitate the ability of the Company Special Committee to make a determination under
Section 9.1(c)(v), the Acquiror shall deliver to the Company a calculation of the net asset value of the Acquiror as of a date mutually agreed between the Acquiror and the Company, such date to be no earlier than
forty-eight (48) hours (excluding Sundays and holidays) prior to the Effective Time (such agreed date, the Determination Date), calculated in good faith as of such date and based on the same assumptions and methodologies, and
applying the same categories of adjustments to net asset value (except as may be mutually agreed by the parties) historically used in preparing the calculation of the net asset value per share of the Acquiror Common Stock (with an accrual for any
dividend declared by the Acquiror and not yet paid) (the Closing Acquiror Net Asset Value); provided that the Acquiror shall update the calculation of the Closing Acquiror Net Asset Value in the event that the Closing is
subsequently delayed or there is a more than de minimis change to the Closing Acquiror Net Asset Value prior to the Closing (including any dividend declared after the Determination Date but prior to Closing) and as needed to ensure the Closing
Acquiror Net Asset Value is determined within forty-eight (48) hours (excluding Sundays and holidays) prior to the Effective Time; provided, further, that the Acquiror Adviser shall certify in writing to the Company, the
calculation of the Closing Acquiror Net Asset Value. 

(b) In order to facilitate the ability of the Acquiror Special
Committee to make a determination under Section 9.1(d)(v), the Company shall deliver to the Acquiror a calculation of the net asset value of the Company as of the Determination Date, calculated in good faith as of such date
and based on the same assumptions and methodologies, and applying the same categories of adjustments to net asset value (except as otherwise may be mutually agreed by the parties) historically used in preparing the calculation of the net asset value
per share of the Company Common Stock (with an accrual for any dividend declared by the Company and not yet paid) (the Closing Company Net Asset Value); provided that the Company shall update the calculation of the Closing
Company Net Asset Value in the event that the Closing is subsequently delayed or there is a more than de minimis change to the Closing Company Net Asset Value prior to the Closing (including any dividend declared after the Determination Date but
prior to Closing) and as needed to ensure the Closing Company Net Asset Value is determined within forty-eight (48) hours (excluding Sundays and holidays) prior to the Effective Time; provided, further, that the Company Adviser
shall certify in writing to the Acquiror, the calculation of the Closing Company Net Asset Value. 

63 

(c) In connection with preparing the calculations provided pursuant to this
Section 7.18, each of the Company and the Acquiror will use the portfolio valuation methods adopted by their respective valuation designee and approved by the Company Board or the Acquiror Board, as applicable, for valuing
the securities and other assets of the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, under Rule 2a-5 of the Investment Company Act as of the date hereof, except as otherwise agreed by each of the Acquiror Board
and the Company Board. 

(d) Each of the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser agrees to give each of the Acquiror and
the Company and their respective Representatives, upon reasonable request, reasonable access to the individuals who have prepared each calculation provided pursuant to this Section 7.18 and to the information, books,
records, work papers and back-up materials used or useful in preparing each such calculation, including any reports prepared by valuation agents, in order to assist such party with its review of such
calculation so long as such individuals remain employed by the respective adviser or any of its respective Affiliates. 

ARTICLE VIII 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

8.1. Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of the parties
to effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction or, other than with respect to Section 8.1(a), which shall not be waived by any party hereto, waiver, at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions:

(a) Stockholder Approvals. (i) The Company Matters shall have been approved by the Company Requisite Vote,
and (ii) the Acquiror Matters shall have been approved by the Acquiror Requisite Vote. 

(b) Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities Act and applicable state Law, and no stop Order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no Proceedings for that
purpose shall have been initiated by the SEC. 

(c) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No Order issued
by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other Law preventing, enjoining, restraining or making illegal the consummation of the Mergers or any of the other Transactions shall be in effect. 

(d) Regulatory and Other Approvals. All Regulatory Approvals required by applicable Law to consummate the Transactions,
including the Mergers, shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and effect and all statutory waiting periods required by applicable Law in respect thereof shall have expired (including expiration of the applicable waiting period under
the HSR Act), other than those, in each case, the failure to be obtained or expired would not, and would not reasonably be expected to, be material and adverse to the Company and the Acquiror, taken as a whole. 

(e) No Litigation. There shall be no Proceeding by any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction set forth on
Section 8.1(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule pending that challenges the Mergers or any of the other Transactions or that otherwise prevents, enjoins, restrains or makes illegal the consummation of the Mergers or any of the other
Transactions. 

64 

(f) NASDAQ Listing. The shares of Acquiror Common Stock to be
issued under this Agreement in connection with the Merger shall have been authorized for listing on NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance. 

(g) Company Indebtedness. Any consents, approvals, confirmations and authorizations required pursuant to the terms of
the Company Indebtedness to consummate the Transactions (including the Merger) shall have been obtained. 

(h) Sale of
Acquiror Common Stock. The shares of Acquiror Common Stock to be sold under this Agreement in connection with the Merger shall be sold at a price equal to or greater than the net asset value per share. 

8.2. Conditions to Obligations of the Acquiror and Merger Sub to Effect the Merger. The obligations
of the Acquiror and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Acquiror, at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions: 

(a) Representations and Warranties of the Company and the Company Adviser. (i) The representations
and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3.2(a) shall be true and correct in all respects (other than de minimis inaccuracies) as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date); (ii) the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3.8(ii) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date and time
(except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date); (iii) the representations and warranties of
the Company set forth in Sections 3.3(a), 3.3(b)(i), 3.7 and 3.20 and the representations and warranties of the Company Adviser set forth in Sections 5.2(a) and 5.2(b)(i) shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such
representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date); and (iv) the representations and warranties of the Company and the Company Adviser set forth in this Agreement (other than those set forth in the foregoing clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii)), disregarding all qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to the materiality or Material Adverse Effect or any similar qualification, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and
as of the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty speaks only as to a specified date, in which case such representation and
warranty shall be true and correct as of such specified date), except where the circumstances causing the failure of such representations or warranties to be true and correct have not had and would not reasonably be expect to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company or the Company Adviser (as applicable). 

65 

(b) Performance of Obligations of the Company and
the Company Adviser. The Company and the Company Adviser shall have performed in all material respects its obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time. 

(c) Absence of Company Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement there shall not have
occurred any condition, change or event that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect in respect of the Company. 

(d) Receipt of CompanyCertificate; Company Adviser Certificate. The Acquiror shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 8.2(a), (b) and
(c) have been satisfied; provided, that, such certificate shall not address the portion of the conditions in Section 8.2(a) and (b) that relate solely to the Company Adviser. The Acquiror
shall have received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of the Company Adviser to the effect that the conditions set forth Sections 8.2(a) and (b), as they relate solely to the Company Adviser, have been
satisfied. 

(e) Federal Tax Opinion. The Acquiror shall have received the opinion of its counsel, Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett LLP, dated as of the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Acquiror, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions that are consistent with the
state of facts existing at the Closing Date, the Mergers will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, counsel may require and rely upon representations contained in
certificates of officers of the Acquiror and the Company delivered pursuant to Section 7.11(a). If counsel for the Acquiror will not render such an opinion, counsel for the Company reasonably acceptable to the Acquiror may
render such opinion to the Acquiror in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Acquiror. 

8.3. Conditions to Obligations of
the Company to Effect the Merger. The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Company, at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions: 

(a) Representations and Warranties of the Acquiror, Merger Sub and the Acquiror
Adviser. (i) The representations and warranties of the Acquiror set forth in Section 4.2(a) shall be true and correct in all respects (other than de minimis inaccuracies) as of the date of this Agreement and
as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as
of such earlier date); (ii) the representations and warranties of 

66 

the Acquiror and Merger Sub set forth in Section 4.8(ii) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though
made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date); (iii) the
representations and warranties of the Acquiror and Merger Sub set forth in Sections 4.3(a), 4.3(b)(i) and 4.7 and the representations and warranties of the Acquiror Adviser set forth in Sections 5.2(a) and
5.2(b)(i) shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly
speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date); and (iv) the representations and warranties of the Acquiror, Merger Sub and the Acquiror Adviser set forth in this
Agreement (other than those set forth in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii)), disregarding all qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to the materiality or Material Adverse Effect or any similar qualification, shall be true
and correct on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty speaks only
as to a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specified date), except where the circumstances causing the failure of such representations or warranties to be true and correct have not had
and would not reasonably be expect to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Acquiror, Merger Sub, the Company or the Acquiror Adviser, as applicable. 

(b) Performance of Obligations of the Acquiror, Merger Sub and the Acquiror Adviser. The
Acquiror, Merger Sub and the Acquiror Adviser shall have performed in all material respects their obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time. 

(c) Absence of Acquiror or Acquiror Adviser Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this
Agreement there shall not have occurred any condition, change or event that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect in respect of the Acquiror or the Acquiror Adviser. 

(d) Receipt of AcquirorCertificate; Acquiror Adviser Certificate. The Company shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of the Acquiror and Merger Sub by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Acquiror to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 8.3(a), (b)
and (c) have been satisfied; provided, that, such certificate shall not address the portion of the conditions in Section 8.3(a) and (b) that relate solely to the Acquiror Adviser. The Company
shall have received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of the Acquiror Adviser to the effect that the conditions set forth Sections 8.3(a), (b) and (c), as they relate solely to the Acquiror
Adviser, have been satisfied. 

67 

(e) Federal Tax Opinion. The Company shall have received the opinion
of its counsel, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, dated as of the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions that are
consistent with the state of facts existing at the Closing Date, the Mergers will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, counsel may require and rely upon representations
contained in certificates of officers of the Acquiror and the Company delivered pursuant to Section 7.11(a). If counsel for the Company will not render such an opinion, counsel for the Acquiror may render such opinion to
the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

(f) Acquiror Advisory Agreement. The
(i) Investment Advisory Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, by and between the Acquiror and the Acquiror Adviser, as in effect on the date hereof (the Acquiror Advisory Agreement), is in full force and effect and has not
been amended or supplemented on or after the date hereof, (ii) Acquiror Adviser has not received any notice from the Acquiror, the Acquiror Board or anyone authorized to act by the Acquiror Board, regarding the proposed termination or amendment
of the Acquiror Advisory Agreement and (iii) Acquiror Adviser has not delivered any notice to the Acquiror, the Acquiror Board or anyone authorized to act on behalf of the Acquirors board of directors, regarding the proposed termination
or amendment of the Acquiror Advisory Agreement. 

8.4. Frustration of Closing Conditions. None of the Acquiror,
Merger Sub or the Company may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in this Article VIII to be satisfied to excuse performance by such party of its obligations under this Agreement if such failure was caused by such partys
failure to act in good faith or to use its commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the Merger and the other Transactions. 

ARTICLE IX 

TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT 

9.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated as follows (which, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, may be at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of the Company Matters by the stockholders of the Company or the Acquiror Matters by the stockholders of the Acquiror): 

(a) by mutual consent of the Company and the Acquiror in a written instrument authorized by each of the Company Board,
including a majority of the Independent Directors of each of the Company and the Company Special Committee, and the Acquiror Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors of the Acquiror; 

68 

(b) by either the Company or the Acquiror, if: 

(i) any Governmental Entity that must grant a Regulatory Approval has denied approval of the Transactions (including the
Mergers) and such denial has become final and nonappealable, or any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction set forth on Section 8.1(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall have issued a final and nonappealable Order, or promulgated
any other Law, permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the Transactions; 

(ii) the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before October 29, 2025 (the Outside Date);
provided that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(b)(ii) shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill in any material respect any of its obligations under this Agreement
(including under Section 7.2, Section 7.3, Section 7.5, Section 7.6 or Section 7.7, as applicable) has been the cause
of, or resulted in, the event giving rise to the failure to close prior to the Outside Date; 

(iii) the stockholders of
the Company shall have failed to approve the Company Matters by the Company Requisite Vote of the Companys stockholders at a duly held meeting of the Companys stockholders or at any adjournment or postponement thereof at which the
Company Matters have been voted upon; or 

(iv) the stockholders of the Acquiror shall have failed to approve the Acquiror
Matters by the Acquiror Requisite Vote of the Acquirors stockholders at a duly held meeting of the Acquirors stockholders or at any adjournment or postponement thereof at which the Acquiror Matters have been voted upon; 

provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(b) shall not be available
to any party that has breached in any material respect its obligations under this Agreement in any manner (including under Section 7.2, Section 7.3, Section 7.5,
Section 7.6 or Section 7.7, as applicable) that has been the principal cause of or resulted in the failure to consummate the Transactions; 

(c) by the Company, if: 

(i) there shall have been a breach of or failure to perform any of the covenants or agreements or any of the representations
or warranties set forth in this Agreement on the part of the Acquiror, Merger Sub or the Acquiror Adviser, which breach or failure, either individually or in the aggregate, would result in, if occurring or continuing on the Closing Date, the failure
of the conditions set forth in Sections 8.3(a), (b) or (c), and such breach or failure is not curable prior to the Outside Date or if curable prior to the Outside Date, has not been cured within thirty (30) days after the
giving of notice thereof by the Company to the Acquiror (provided that the Company is not then in material breach of this Agreement so as to cause any of the conditions set forth in Sections 8.1, 8.2(a), 8.2(b) or
8.2(c) not to be satisfied); 

69 

(ii) prior to obtaining approval of the Acquiror Matters by the stockholders
of the Acquiror (A) an Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred to the extent permitted by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Section 7.7, (B) a Takeover Proposal is publicly announced and
the Acquiror fails to issue, within ten (10) Business Days after such Takeover Proposal is announced, a press release that reaffirms the Acquiror Recommendation or (C) a tender or exchange offer relating to any shares of Acquiror Common
Stock shall have been commenced by a third party and the Acquiror shall not have sent to its stockholders, within ten (10) Business Days after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer, a statement disclosing that the Acquiror Board
recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer; 

(iii) the Acquiror willfully breaches, in any material respect,
its obligations under Section 7.5 or Section 7.7, other than in the case where (w) such breach is a result of an isolated action by a Representative of the Acquiror (other than a director or
officer of the Acquiror), (x) such breach was not caused by, or within the knowledge of, the Acquiror, (y) the Acquiror takes appropriate actions to remedy such breach promptly upon discovery thereof and (z) the Company is not harmed as a
result thereof; provided that in no event shall the Company be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.11(c)(iii) following approval of the Acquiror Matters by the stockholders of the
Acquiror; 

(iv) at any time prior to the time the approval of the Companys stockholders with respect to the Company
Matters is obtained, (A) the Company is not in material breach of any of the terms of this Agreement and (B) the Company Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors of the Company, authorizes the Company, subject to complying
with the terms of this Agreement (including Section 7.6(b)), to enter into, and the Company enters into, a definitive Contract with respect to a Company Superior Proposal; or 

(v) at any time prior to the Closing, the Company Special Committee has determined, reasonably and in good faith, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, as a result of events or other circumstances occurring or arising after the date hereof that were not known to the Company Board as of the
date hereof, and in compliance with Section 7.6(d), that, taking into account any proposed revised terms from the Acquiror, the interests of the Companys existing stockholders will be diluted within the meaning of
Rule 17a-8 under the Investment Company Act as a result of the Transactions; 

(d)
by the Acquiror, if: 

(i) there shall have been a breach or failure to perform of any of the covenants or agreements or
any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement on the part of the Company, which breach or failure, either individually or in the aggregate, would result in, if occurring or continuing on the Closing Date, the failure of the
conditions set forth in Sections 8.2(a), (b) or (c), and such breach or failure is not curable prior to the Outside Date or if curable prior to the Outside Date, has not been cured within thirty (30) days after the giving
of notice thereof by the Acquiror to the Company (provided that the Acquiror, Merger Sub or the Acquiror Adviser is not then in material breach of this Agreement so as to cause any of the conditions set forth in Sections 8.1,
8.3(a), 8.3(b) or 8.3(c) not to be satisfied); 

70 

(ii) prior to obtaining approval of the Company Matters by the stockholders
of the Company (A) a Company Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred to the extent permitted by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Section 7.6, (B) a Takeover Proposal is publicly announced and the
Company fails to issue, within ten (10) Business Days after such Takeover Proposal is announced, a press release that reaffirms the Company Recommendation or (C) a tender or exchange offer relating to any shares of Company Common Stock
shall have been commenced by a third party and the Company shall not have sent to its stockholders, within ten (10) Business Days after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer, a statement disclosing that the Company Board recommends
rejection of such tender or exchange offer; 

(iii) the Company willfully breaches, in any material respect, its
obligations under Section 7.5 or Section 7.6, other than in the case where (w) such breach is a result of an isolated action by a Representative of the Company (other than a director or
officer of the Company), (x) such breach was not caused by, or within the knowledge of, the Company, (y) the Company takes appropriate actions to remedy such breach promptly upon discovery thereof and (z) the Acquiror is not harmed as a
result thereof; provided that in no event shall the Acquiror be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.11(d)(iii) following approval of the Company Matters by the stockholders of the Company; 

(iv) at any time prior to the time the approval of the Acquirors stockholders with respect to the Acquiror Matters is
obtained, (A) the Acquiror is not in material breach of any of the terms of this Agreement and (B) the Acquiror Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors of the Acquiror, authorizes the Acquiror, subject to complying with
the terms of this Agreement (including Section 7.7(b)), to enter into, and the Acquiror enters into, a definitive Contract with respect to an Acquiror Superior Proposal; or 

(v) at any time prior to the Closing, the Acquiror Special Committee has determined, reasonably and in good faith, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, that, as a result of events or other circumstances occurring or arising after the date hereof that were not known to the Acquiror Board as of
the date hereof, and in compliance with Section 7.7(d), that, taking into account any proposed revised terms from the Company, the interests of the Acquirors existing stockholders will be diluted within the meaning of
Rule 17a-8 under the Investment Company Act as a result of the Transactions. 

The party desiring to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1 shall give written notice of such termination to the other party in accordance with Section 11.2, specifying the provision or provisions hereof pursuant to which
such termination is effected. 

71 

9.2. Expense Reimbursement. 

(a) If this Agreement shall be terminated by the Acquiror or the Company pursuant to
Section 9.1(b)(iii), then the Company shall reimburse the Acquiror and its Affiliates for all of their reasonable, documented out-of-pocket
fees and expenses (including all reasonable, documented fees and expenses of outside counsel, financial advisors, accountants, experts and consultants to the Acquiror and its Affiliates) incurred and payable by the Acquiror or on its behalf in
connection with or related to the authorization, preparation, investigation, negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions (the Acquiror Expenses). The Acquiror Expenses shall be promptly paid by
the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing to the Company by the Acquiror if the Acquiror shall have furnished to the Company wire payment instructions prior to the date of payment or, otherwise,
by certified or official bank check. 

(b) If this Agreement shall be terminated by the Company or the Acquiror pursuant to
Section 9.1(b)(iv), then the Acquiror shall reimburse the Company and its Affiliates for all of their reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees
and expenses (including all reasonable, documented fees and expenses of outside counsel, financial advisors, accountants, experts and consultants to the Company and its Affiliates) incurred and payable by the Company or on its behalf in connection
with or related to the authorization, preparation, investigation, negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions (the Company Expenses). The Company Expenses shall be promptly paid by the Acquiror by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company or, at the election of the Company, to one of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, to an account designated in writing to the Acquiror by the Company if the Company shall have furnished to the
Acquiror wire payment instructions prior to the date of payment or, otherwise, by certified or official bank check. 

(c)
Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that (i) the agreements contained in this Section 9.2 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (ii) without these agreements, the parties would not
enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, fails to timely pay any amount due pursuant to this Section 9.2 and, in order to obtain such payment, the Acquiror or the Company, as
applicable, commences a suit that results in a judgment against the other for the payment of any amount set forth in this Section 9.2, the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, shall pay the other its costs and expenses
in connection with such suit, together with interest on such amount at the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal in effect on the date such payment was required to be made through the date such payment was actually received, or
such lesser rate as is the maximum permitted by applicable Law. 

9.3. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this
Agreement by either the Company or the Acquiror as provided in Section 9.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, and none of the Acquiror Adviser, the Acquiror, Merger Sub, the Company, any of
their respective Affiliates or Consolidated Subsidiaries or any of the officers or directors of any of them shall have any liability of any nature whatsoever under this Agreement, or in connection with the Transactions, except that
Section 7.8(b), Article IX and Article XI (including, in each case, any applicable definitions) shall survive any termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that, except as otherwise
provided in Section 9.2, nothing herein 

72 

shall relieve any party from any liabilities for damages incurred or suffered by another party arising out of the willful or intentional breach by such party of any provision of this Agreement
(including under Section 7.2, Section 7.3, Section 7.5, Section 7.6 or Section 7.7, as applicable) or a failure or
refusal by such party to consummate this Agreement and the Transactions when such party was obligated to do so in accordance with the terms hereof. 

9.4. Fees and Expenses. Except as otherwise provided by Section 9.2, all fees and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the Transactions (including the Mergers) shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Transactions (including the Mergers) are consummated; provided, however, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, the following fees and expenses shall be borne proportionately by the Acquiror and the Company by reference to their respective net asset values as of September 30, 2024: (i) all costs and expenses of printing and
mailing the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, (ii) all filing and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the Mergers, (iii) all filing and other fees in connection with any filing under the HSR Act and (iv) fees and expenses
for legal services to the Company, the Acquiror and Merger Sub in connection with the Agreement and the Transactions. 

9.5.
Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties, by action taken or authorized by their respective boards of directors (and each of the Company Special Committee and Acquiror Special Committee), at any time before or after approval of
the Acquiror Matters by the stockholders of the Acquiror or the Company Matters by the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that after any approval of the Acquiror Matters by the stockholders of the Acquiror or the Company
Matters by the stockholders of the Company, there shall be no amendment or waiver that would require the further approval of the stockholders of the Company or the Acquiror under applicable Law without such approval having first been obtained. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties. 

9.6. Extension; Waiver.
At any time prior to the Effective Time, each party, by action taken or authorized by the Company Board, including the Company Special Committee, or the Acquiror Board, including the Acquiror Special Committee, or the Board of Directors of Merger
Sub, as applicable, may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other
parties contained in this Agreement or (c) waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if
set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such extension or waiver or failure to insist on strict compliance with an obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect
to, any subsequent or other non-compliance.

73 

ARTICLE X 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

Acquiror Dilution Intervening Event means at any time prior to the Closing, events or other circumstances occurring or
arising after the date hereof that were not known to the Acquiror Board as of the date hereof and that were not reasonably foreseeable by the Acquiror Board as of the date hereof which that would result, or would reasonably be expected to result, in
the interests of the Acquirors existing stockholders being diluted within the meaning of Rule 17a-8 under the Investment Company Act as a result of the Transactions. 

Acquiror Disclosure Schedule means that certain disclosure schedule of the Acquiror attached hereto. 

Acquiror Matters means (i) the approval of the proposed issuance of Acquiror Common Stock in connection with the
Merger (including, if applicable, the sale of such Acquiror Common Stock at a price below the net asset value per share of the Acquiror Common Stock determined as of the Determination Date) and (ii) any other matters required to be approved or
adopted by the stockholders of the Acquiror in order to effect the Transactions. 

Acquiror Open Tax Years means, in the
case of a representation with respect to a Tax matter involving the Acquiror, the years for which the underlying statute of limitations with respect to such Tax matter has not yet expired. 

Acquiror Superior Proposal means a bona fide written Takeover Proposal that was not knowingly solicited by, or the result
of any knowing solicitation by, the Acquiror or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or by any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives in violation of this Agreement, made by a third party that would result in such third party becoming the
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 75% of the total voting power of the Acquiror or more than 75% of the assets of the Acquiror on a consolidated basis (a) on terms which the Acquiror Board determines in good faith to be
superior for the stockholders of the Acquiror (in their capacity as stockholders), taken as a group, from a financial point of view as compared to the Merger (after giving effect to any alternative proposed by the Company in accordance with
Section 7.7), (b) that is reasonably likely to be consummated (taking into account, among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal, including any conditions, and the identity of the
offeror) in a timely manner and in accordance with its terms and (c) in respect of which any required financing has been determined in good faith by the Acquiror Board (upon the recommendation of the Acquiror Special Committee) to be reasonably
likely to be obtained, as evidenced by a written commitment of a reputable financing source. 

Affiliate of a Person
means any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the first Person (it being understood that (x) no portfolio company in which any Person has,
directly or indirectly, made a debt or equity investment that is, would or should be reflected in the schedule of investments included in the quarterly or annual reports of such Person that are filed with the SEC shall be an Affiliate of such Person
and (y) the Company Adviser and the Acquiror Adviser shall not be deemed to have control over any party hereto). The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled have a meaning correlative thereto.

74 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day on
which banks are required or authorized to close in the City of New York, New York. 

Company 2026 Notes means the 5.25%
fixed-rate notes due October 30, 2026 that were issued by the Company. 

Company 2032 Convertible Notes means the
5.25% fixed-rate convertible notes due April 1, 2032 that were issued by the Company. 

Company Administration
Agreements means (i) the custodian agreement between the Company (f/k/a Capitala Finance Corp.) and U.S. Bank National Association and (ii) the administration agreement between the Company and BC Partners Management LLC, each in
effect as of the date of this Agreement (in each case, as may be amended or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms). 

Company Advisory Agreement means the investment advisory agreement between the Company and the Company Adviser in effect as
of the date of this Agreement (as may be amended or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms). 

Company Continuing
Director has the meaning ascribed to the term Continuing Director in the Company Charter. 

Company Credit
Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020, by and between Capitala Business Lending, LLC, the Company Adviser, as collateral manager, the lenders from time to time parties
thereto, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian (as may be amended or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms). 

Company Dilution Intervening Event means at any time prior to the Closing, events or other circumstances occurring or
arising after the date hereof that were not known to the Company Board as of the date hereof and that were not reasonably foreseeable by the Company Board as of the date hereof which would result, or would reasonably be expected to result, in the
interests of the Companys existing stockholders being diluted within the meaning of Rule 17a-8 under the Investment Company Act as a result of the Transactions. 

Company Disclosure Schedule means that certain disclosure schedule of the Company attached hereto. 

Company Indebtedness means, taken together, (i) the Company Credit Agreement, (ii) the Company 2026 Notes and
(iii) the Company 2032 Convertible Notes. 

Company Matters means (i) the approval of the Merger and
(ii) any other matters required to be approved or adopted by the stockholders of the Company in order to effect the Transactions. 

Company Open Tax Years means, in the case of a representation with respect to a Tax matter involving the Company, the years
for which the underlying statute of limitations with respect to such Tax matter has not yet expired. 

75 

Company Superior Proposal means a bona fide written Takeover Proposal
that was not knowingly solicited by, or the result of any knowing solicitation by, the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or by any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives in violation of this Agreement, made by a third party
that would result in such third party becoming the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 75% of the total voting power of the Company or more than 75% of the assets of the Company on a consolidated basis (a) on terms which the
Company Board determines in good faith to be superior for the stockholders of the Company (in their capacity as stockholders), taken as a group, from a financial point of view as compared to the Merger (after giving effect to any alternative
proposed by the Acquiror in accordance with Section 7.6), (b) that is reasonably likely to be consummated (taking into account, among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal,
including any conditions, and the identity of the offeror) in a timely manner and in accordance with its terms and (c) in respect of which any required financing has been determined in good faith by the Company Board (upon the recommendation of
the Company Special Committee) to be reasonably likely to be obtained, as evidenced by a written commitment of a reputable financing source. 

Consolidated Subsidiary, when used with respect to any Person, means any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or other Person, whether incorporated or unincorporated, that is consolidated with such Person for financial reporting purposes under GAAP. 

Contract means any agreement, contract, lease, mortgage, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, license or instrument,
whether oral or written, and shall include each amendment, supplement and modification to the foregoing, to which a Person or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them may be bound. 

Deficiency Dividend means one or more dividends paid by the Acquiror after the Closing Date that satisfy the requirements of
Sections 860 and 381(c)(23) of the Code in order to cause the Company to maintain its qualification for taxation as a RIC and avoid the imposition on the Company of income tax on undistributed income, in each case with respect to the taxable year of
the Company that will end on the Closing Date. 

Disclosure Schedules means, taken together, the Acquiror Disclosure
Schedule and the Company Disclosure Schedule. 

EDGAR means the SECs Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and
Retrieval System. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated
thereunder. 

Exchange Ratio means 1.500. 

Governmental Entity means any federal, state, local or foreign government or other governmental body, any agency,
commission or authority thereof, any regulatory or administrative authority, any quasi-governmental body, any self-regulatory agency, any court, tribunal or judicial body, or any political subdivision, department or branch of any of the foregoing.

76 

Indebtedness shall mean (a) any indebtedness or other obligation for
borrowed money, (b) any indebtedness evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (c) any liabilities or obligations with respect to interest rate swaps, collars, caps and similar hedging obligations, (d) any
capitalized lease obligations, (e) any direct or contingent obligations under letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guarantees, surety bonds and similar instruments, each to the extent drawn upon and unpaid, (f) any obligation
to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business) and (g) guarantees in respect of clauses (a) through (f), in each case excluding obligations to fund
commitments to portfolio companies entered into in the ordinary course of business. 

Independent Director means, with
respect to the Acquiror or the Company, each director who is not an interested person of the Acquiror or the Company, as the case may be, as defined in the Investment Company Act. 

Intervening Event means (a) any Acquiror Dilution Intervening Event; (b) any Company Dilution Intervening Event;
or (c) any event, change or development first occurring or arising after the date hereof that is material to the Acquiror and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as whole,
that was not known to, or reasonably foreseeable by, the partys board of directors, as of or prior to the date hereof (or if known or reasonably foreseeable, the material consequences of which were not known or reasonably foreseeable as of the
date hereof) and did not result from or arise out of the announcement or pendency of, or any actions required to be taken by such party (or to be refrained from being taken by such party) pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however,
that in no event shall the following events, changes or developments constitute an Intervening Event: (i) the receipt, existence, or terms of a Takeover Proposal or any matter relating thereto or consequence thereof or any inquiry, proposal,
offer, or transaction from any third party relating to or in connection with a transaction of the nature described in the definition of Takeover Proposal (which, for the purposes of the Intervening Event definition, shall be read without
reference to the percentage thresholds set forth in the definition thereof); (ii) any change in the price, or change in trading volume, of the Acquiror Common Stock (provided, however, that this clause (ii) shall not apply to
the underlying causes giving rise to or contributing to such change or prevent any of such underlying causes from being taken into account in determining whether an Intervening Event has occurred unless such underlying causes are otherwise excluded
from the definition of Intervening Event); or (iii) any changes in general economic or political conditions, except to the extent that such changes have a materially disproportionate adverse impact on the Acquiror and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other participants of similar sizes engaged in the industries in which, as applicable, the Acquiror or the Company conducts its
businesses. 

Investment Advisers Act means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules promulgated
thereunder. 

knowledge means for each of the Acquiror, the Company, the Acquiror Adviser and the Company Adviser, the
actual knowledge of their respective executive officers and managing members, as applicable, as of the date of this Agreement, in each case after review of the relevant representation and warranty with the individual that has management
responsibility over such function if such individual (i) has been involved in the process of due diligence relating to, or the negotiation of, this Agreement prior to the date of this Agreement, and (ii) would reasonably be expected to
have actual knowledge of the matter in question. 

77 

Law means any federal, state, local or foreign law (including the common
law), statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, Order, writ, decree or injunction or any Permit or similar right granted by any Governmental Entity. 

Liens means all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, easements, mortgages, rights of first offer or refusal or other
encumbrances. 

Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to the Acquiror, the Company, the Acquiror Adviser or the
Company Adviser, as the case may be, any event, development, change, effect or occurrence (each, an Effect) that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to (i) the
business, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of such party and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than (A) any Effect resulting from or attributable to (1) changes in general
economic, social or political conditions or the financial markets in general, including the commencement or escalation of a war, armed hostilities or other material international or national calamity or acts of terrorism or earthquakes, hurricanes,
other natural disasters or acts of God, the coronavirus (COVID-19) or any other pandemic (including the impact on economies generally and the results of any actions taken by Governmental Entities in response
thereto), (2) general changes or developments in the industries in which such party and its Consolidated Subsidiaries operate, including general changes in Law after the date hereof across such industries, except, in the case of the foregoing
clauses (1) and (2), to the extent such changes or developments referred to therein have a materially disproportionate adverse impact on such party and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other participants of similar
sizes engaged in the industries in which such party conducts its businesses or (3) the announcement of this Agreement or the Transactions or the identities of the parties to this Agreement or (B) any failure to meet internal or published
projections or forecasts for any period, as the case may be, or any material decline in the price of shares of Company Common Stock or Acquiror Common Stock on NASDAQ or trading volume of Company Common Stock or Acquiror Common Stock
(provided that the underlying causes of such failure shall be considered in determining whether there is a Material Adverse Effect) or (ii) the ability of such party to timely perform its material obligations under this Agreement or
consummate the Merger and the other Transactions. 

Order means any writ, injunction, judgment, order or decree entered,
issued, made or rendered by any Governmental Entity. 

Permit means any license, permit, variance, exemption, approval,
qualification, or Order of any Governmental Entity. 

Permitted Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Acquiror or the
Company, as applicable, and its respective Consolidated Subsidiaries (i) outstanding as of the date of this Agreement or (ii) incurred after the date of this Agreement to the extent permitted by the Investment Company Act that is
substantially consistent with the past practices of the Acquiror or the Company, as applicable. 

78 

Person means an individual, a (general or limited) partnership, a
corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a trust, a joint venture, a Governmental Entity or other legal entity or organization. 

Previously Disclosed means information (i) with respect to the Company, (A) set forth in the Company Disclosure
Schedule or (B) previously disclosed since the Applicable Date in any Company SEC Report and (ii) with respect to the Acquiror, (A) set forth in the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule or (B) previously disclosed since the Applicable
Date in any Acquiror SEC Report; provided, however, that any risk factor disclosures contained under the heading Risk Factors, any disclosure of risks included in any forward-looking statements disclaimer or any
other statements that are similarly predictive or forward-looking in nature in any Company SEC Report or Acquiror SEC Report, as the case may be, shall not be deemed to be Previously Disclosed. 

Proceeding means an action, suit, arbitration, investigation, request to inspect books and records, examination,
litigation, lawsuit or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal or administrative. 

Regulatory Approvals means all
applications and notices with, and receipt of consents, authorizations, approvals, exemptions or nonobjections from any Governmental Entity. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder. 

Takeover Proposal means any inquiry, proposal, discussions, negotiations or offer from any Person or group of Persons
(other than the Acquiror or the Company or any of their respective Affiliates) (a) with respect to a merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition, asset acquisition, share exchange, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or similar transaction involving the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, or any of such partys respective Consolidated Subsidiaries, as applicable, (b) relating to any direct
or indirect acquisition, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of (i) assets or businesses (including any mortgage, pledge or similar disposition thereof but excluding any bona fide financing transaction) that constitute or represent,
or would constitute or represent if such transaction is consummated, 25% or more of the total assets, net revenue or net income of the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, and such partys respective Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or (ii) 25% or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or in any of the Companys Consolidated Subsidiaries or, the Acquiror or in any of the Acquirors Consolidated
Subsidiaries, as applicable, or (c) relating to any direct or indirect transaction or series of transactions that would result in any Person other than the Company Adviser or an Affiliate thereof (in the case of the Company) or the Acquiror
Adviser or an Affiliate thereof (in the case of the Acquiror) serving as the external investment adviser to the Company or the Acquiror, as applicable, in each case other than the Merger and the other Transactions. 

79 

Tax means all federal, state, local, and foreign income, excise, gross
receipts, gross income, profits, gains, property, capital, sales, transfer, use, payroll, employment, severance, withholding, duties, franchise, value added and other taxes, charges, levies or like assessments together with all penalties and
additions to tax and interest thereon imposed by any taxing authority. 

Tax Dividend means one or more dividends that
are required to be paid in order for the Company to maintain its qualification for taxation as a RIC and to avoid the imposition of material income tax on undistributed income under Section 852(b) for any taxable year ending before the Closing
Date, which amount shall be no less than $1.0 million and, as of the date hereof, is estimated to be (but is not required to be) less than approximately $1.5 million. 

Tax Return means a report, return, statement, form, election or other information (including any schedules, attachments or
amendments thereto) required to be supplied to a taxing authority with respect to Taxes including, where permitted or required, consolidated, combined or unitary returns for any group of entities. 

Trading Day shall mean a day on which shares of Acquiror Common Stock are traded on NASDAQ. 

Transactions means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Mergers and the issuance of the Merger
Consideration by the Acquiror. 

Treasury Regulations means all final and temporary federal income tax regulations, as
amended from time to time, issued under the Code by the United States Treasury Department. 

Table of Definitions 

Term: Section:

Acceptable Courts 11.6

Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement 7.6(a)

Acquiror Preamble

Acquiror Adverse Recommendation Change 7.7(a)

Acquiror Adviser Preamble

Acquiror Advisory Agreement 8.3(f)

Acquiror Balance Sheet 4.6(b)

Acquiror Board Recitals

Acquiror Bylaws 4.1(b)

Acquiror Capitalization Date 4.2(a)

Acquiror Charter 4.1(b)

Acquiror Common Stock 1.5(b)

Acquiror Expenses 9.2(a)

Acquiror Insurance Policy 4.15

Acquiror Intellectual Property Rights 4.16

Acquiror Intervening Event Notice Period 7.7(d)

Acquiror Intervening Event Recommendation Change 7.7(d)

Acquiror Material Contracts 4.14(a)

80 

Term: Section:

Acquiror Recommendation 7.3(b)

Acquiror Requisite Vote 4.3(a)

Acquiror SEC Reports 4.5(a)

Acquiror Special Committee Recitals

Acquiror Stockholders Meeting 4.3(a)

Acquiror Voting Debt 4.2(a)

Agreement Preamble

Applicable Date 3.5(a)

ASC Topic 820 3.6(h)

BDC Recitals

Book-Entry Share 1.5(d)

Cancelled Shares 1.5(b)

Certificate 1.5(d)

Certificate of Merger 1.7(a)

Closing 1.2

Closing Acquiror Net Asset Value 7.18(a)

Closing Company Net Asset Value 7.18(a)

Closing Date 1.2

Code Recitals

Company Preamble

Company Adverse Recommendation Change 7.6(a)

Company Adviser Preamble

Company Balance Sheet 3.6(b)

Company Board Recitals

Company Bylaws 3.1(b)

Company Capitalization Date 3.2(a)

Company Charter 3.1(b)

Company Common Stock 1.5(b)

Company Expenses 9.2(b)

Company Insurance Policy 3.15

Company Intellectual Property Rights 3.16

Company Intervening Event Notice Period 7.6(d)

Company Intervening Event Recommendation Change 7.6(d)

Company Material Contracts 3.14(a)

Company Recommendation 7.3(a)

Company Requisite Vote 3.3(a)

Company SEC Reports 3.5(a)

Company Special Committee Recitals

Company Stockholders Meeting 3.3(a)

Company Voting Debt 3.2(a)

Current Insurance 7.4(b)

DE Secretary 1.7(a)

Deloitte 3.6(a)

Determination Date 7.18(a)

DGCL 1.7(a)

81 

Term: Section:

DOJ 7.1(a)

Effective Time 1.3

Employee Benefit Plans 3.13

Enforceability Exception 3.3(a)

Exchange Agent 2.1

Exchange Fund 2.1

First Articles of Merger 1.3

FTC 7.1(a)

GAAP 3.6(a)

HSR Act 3.4

Indemnified Liabilities 7.4(a)

Indemnified Party 7.4(a)

Insured Persons 7.4(b)

Intellectual Property Rights 3.16

Investment Company Act Recitals

IRS 3.11(a)

Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus 3.4

Letter of Transmittal 2.2(a)

MD SDAT 1.3

Merger Recitals

Merger Consideration 1.5(c)

Merger Sub Preamble

Mergers Recitals

MGCL 1.1

NASDAQ Recitals

Notice of a Company Superior Proposal 7.6(b)

Notice of an Acquiror Superior Proposal 7.7(b)

Outside Date 9.1(b)(ii)

Registration Statement 3.4

Representatives 7.5(a)

RIC 3.11(b)

Rights 3.2(a)

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 3.6(f)

Second Articles of Merger 1.7(a)

Second Effective Time 1.7(a)

Second Merger Recitals

Surviving Company Recitals

Takeover Statutes 3.19

82 

ARTICLE XI 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

11.1.
Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. None of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the
Effective Time, except for and subject to Section 7.4 and Section 9.4 and for those other covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that by their express terms apply or are to be
performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time. 

11.2. Notices. All notices and other communications in connection with
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, sent via email (provided that the transmission is followed up within one (1) Business Day by dispatch pursuant to one of the other methods described
herein), mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier (with confirmation) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to the Company, to: 

Logan Ridge Finance Corporation 

650 Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, NY 10022 

Attention:
Brandon Satoren 

Patrick Schafer 

Email: brandon.satoren@bcpartners.com 

patrick.schafer@bcpartners.com 

with a copy, which will not constitute notice, to: 

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 

900 G Street, N.W. 

Washington,
DC 20001 

Attention: Jonathan Corsico 

Steven Grigoriou 

Email: jonathan.corsico@stblaw.com 

steven.grigoriou@stblaw.com 

and 

Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom LLP 

One Manhattan West 

New York, NY10001 

Attention:
Michael K. Hoffman 

Blair T. Thetford 

Email: michael.hoffman@skadden.com 

blair.thetford@skadden.com 

If to the Acquiror or Merger Sub, to: 

Portman Ridge Finance Corporation 

650 Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, NY 10022 

Attention:
Brandon Satoren 

Patrick Schafer 

Email: brandon.satoren@bcpartners.com 

patrick.schafer@bcpartners.com 

83 

with a copy, which will not constitute notice, to: 

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 

900 G Street, N.W. 

Washington,
DC 20001 

Attention: Jonathan Corsico 

Steven Grigoriou 

Email: jonathan.corsico@stblaw.com 

steven.grigoriou@stblaw.com 

and 

Stradley Ronon
Stevens & Young, LLP 

2000 K Street, N.W., Suite 700 

Washington, DC 20006 

Attention:
Eric S. Purple 

Email: epurple@stradley.com 

If to the Acquiror Adviser, to: 

Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC 

650 Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, NY 10022 

Attention:
Brandon Satoren 

Patrick Schafer 

Email: brandon.satoren@bcpartners.com 

patrick.schafer@bcpartners.com 

with a copy, which will not constitute notice, to: 

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 

900 G Street, N.W. 

Washington,
DC 20001 

Attention: Jonathan Corsico 

Steven Grigoriou 

Email: jonathan.corsico@stblaw.com 

steven.grigoriou@stblaw.com 

Each such notice or other communication shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal of receipt). 

84 

11.3. Interpretation; Construction. When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Articles, Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by
the words without limitation. The terms cash, dollars and $ mean United States dollars. All schedules and exhibits hereto shall be deemed part of this Agreement and included in any reference to this
Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained in this Agreement is held by a court or a federal or state regulatory
agency of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions and covenants and restrictions contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be affected, impaired
or invalidated. If for any reason such court or regulatory agency determines that any term, provision, covenant or restriction is invalid, void or unenforceable, it is the express intention of the parties that such term, provision, covenant or
restriction be enforced to the maximum extent permitted. The parties have jointly participated in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. In the event that an ambiguity or a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be
construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. 

11.4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that each party need not sign the same counterpart. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile,
electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable Law) or other transmission method and any
counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

11.5.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not
constitute part of this Agreement pursuant to Section 268 of the DGCL, but shall constitute facts ascertainable as that term is used in Section 251(b) of the DGCL and operate upon the terms of this Agreement as provided
herein), once executed, constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 

11.6. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and performed entirely within such state, without regard to any applicable conflicts of law principles that would cause the application of the Laws of another jurisdiction, except to the extent
governed by the Investment Company Act, in which case the Investment Company Act shall control. The parties hereto agree that any Proceeding brought by any party to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection
with, this Agreement or the Transactions shall be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or if jurisdiction over the matter is vested exclusively in federal courts, the federal 

85 

courts in the State of Delaware and the appellate courts to which Orders and judgments therefore may be appealed (collectively, the Acceptable Courts). Each of the parties
hereto submits to the jurisdiction of any Acceptable Court in any Proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the Transactions and hereby irrevocably waives the
benefit of jurisdiction derived from present or future domicile or otherwise in such Proceeding. Each party hereto irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue
of any Proceeding in any such Acceptable Court or that any such Proceeding brought in any such Acceptable Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereto (a) certifies that no Representative of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of any action, suit or proceeding, seek to
enforce the foregoing waiver, (b) certifies that it makes this waiver voluntarily and (c) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement, by, among other things, the mutual waiver and
certifications in this Section 11.6. 

11.7. Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries. Neither this Agreement
nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned by any of the parties (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in contravention
hereof shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by each of the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Except as otherwise specifically
provided in Section 7.4, this Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to in this Agreement) is not intended to and does not confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies
under this Agreement. 

11.8. Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that
any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached, and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy therefor. It is accordingly agreed that the
parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any federal or state court located in the State of Delaware, without proof of
actual damages (and each party hereby waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy), this being in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law or in equity. Each of the parties
hereto agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other party hereto has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an
appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity. 

86 

11.9. Special Committee Approval. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
prior to the Effective Time, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be made without first obtaining the approval of the Acquiror Special Committee and the Company Special Committee. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

87 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Acquiror, the Company, Merger Sub and the Acquiror Adviser have
caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 

PORTMAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe

Name: Ted Goldthorpe

Title: Chief Executive Officer

LOGAN RIDGE FINANCE CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe

Name: Ted Goldthorpe

Title: Chief Executive Officer

PORTMAN RIDGE MERGER SUB, INC.

By: 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe

Name: Ted Goldthorpe

Title: President

SIERRA CREST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC

By: 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe

Name: Ted Goldthorpe

Title: Executive Officer

MOUNT LOGAN MANAGEMENT LLC

By: 

/s/ Ted Goldthorpe

Name: Ted Goldthorpe

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lrfc-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lrfc-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lrfc-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 29, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Logan Ridge Finance Corp.

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001571329

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity File Number 814-01022

Entity Tax Identification Number 90-0945675

Entity Address, Address Line One 650 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 3rd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 891-2880

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol LRFC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.loganridgefinance.com//20250129/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d830247d8k.htm 
lrfc-20250129.xsd 
lrfc-20250129_lab.xml 
lrfc-20250129_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-020019-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d830247d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001571329 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

Logan Ridge Finance Corp. 
false 
0001571329 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
MD 
814-01022 
90-0945675 
650 Madison Avenue 
3rd Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
(212) 
891-2880 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
LRFC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>