<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-078003.txt : 20250410
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-078003.hdr.sgml : 20250410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250410163016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-078003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250409
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000837465
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				953797580
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10962
		FILM NUMBER:		25828775

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2180 RUTHERFORD RD
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008-8815
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7609311771

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2180 RUTHERFORD ROAD
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALLAWAY GOLF CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALLAWAY GOLF
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070604

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALLAWAY GOLF CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070604
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d948334d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

DECAfalse000083746500008374652025-04-092025-04-09

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

April 9, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

TOPGOLF CALLAWAY BRANDS CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 1-10962 95-3797580

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

2180 RUTHERFORD ROAD, CARLSBAD, CALIFORNIA 92008-7328

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(760)931-1771

Registrants telephone number, including area code

NOT APPLICABLE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share MODG The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Sale & Purchase Agreement 

Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. (the Company) has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Jack Wolfskin business (Jack Wolfskin), pursuant to the terms of a Sale & Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of April 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG (the Purchaser), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of ANTA Sports Products Limited. The Purchase Agreement provides that the Purchaser will acquire 100% of the outstanding equity interests of Callaway Germany Holdco GmbH, which owns various entities that operate the Jack Wolfskin business (the Sale), for $290 million in cash, subject to net working capital and other customary adjustments (the Purchase Price). The board of directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Sale, the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

The Purchase Agreement contains customary warranties and covenants. Between the date of the Purchase Agreement and the completion of the Sale (the Closing), the Company has agreed to conduct the Jack Wolfskin business in the ordinary course of business and has agreed to certain other operating covenants with respect to the Jack Wolfskin business as set forth more fully in the Purchase Agreement. The Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, including, among other things, (i) the Sale being approved by certain merger control and foreign investment control authorities, or the prohibition to complete the Sale having otherwise fallen away, (ii) the absence of a material adverse effect on the Jack Wolfskin business and (iii) the absence of any law or order by any governmental authority that would make illegal or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions under the Purchase Agreement. 

The Purchaser has obtained warranty and indemnity insurance to cover, subject to certain limitations, losses resulting from breaches of certain of the Companys warranties made in the Purchase Agreement. Additionally, the Company will indemnify the Purchaser against damages arising from, among other things, certain exempted claims, including breaches of fundamental warranties under the Purchase Agreement and certain pre-Closing tax and other liabilities. The indemnification period generally runs for a period of 18 months from the Closing, with longer survival periods for certain specified matters. The Companys indemnification obligations are subject to certain limitations, including a cap on liability for certain claims. 

The Sale is expected to close in the late second quarter or early third quarter of 2025, subject to the satisfaction of the foregoing closing conditions. The Purchase Agreement contains termination rights for both the Purchaser and the Company, including, among other bases for termination, if the Closing has not occurred by December 31, 2025. In connection with the Closing, the Company and the Purchaser will enter into certain additional ancillary agreements, including a transition services agreement. 

The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for the purposes of the Purchase Agreement, were made as of specific dates, were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement and may not have been intended to be statements of fact, but rather, as a method of allocating risk and governing the contractual rights and relationships among the parties to the Purchase Agreement. In addition, such warranties and covenants may have been qualified by certain disclosures not reflected in the text of the Purchase Agreement and may apply standards of materiality and other qualifications and limitations in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material by the Companys stockholders. In reviewing the warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement or any descriptions thereof in this summary, it is important to bear in mind that such warranties and covenants or any descriptions were not intended by the parties to the Purchase Agreement to be characterizations of the actual state of facts or conditions of the Company or the Jack Wolfskin business. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures. For the foregoing reasons, the warranties and covenants or any descriptions of those provisions should not be read alone and should instead be read in conjunction with the other information contained in the reports, statements and filings that the Company publicly files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K not misleading. 

Amendment to Credit Facility 

As previously disclosed, on March 16, 2023, TCB and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as security trustee (as amended, the ABL Credit Agreement), providing for senior secured asset-based revolving credit facilities (the ABL Facility) in an original aggregate principal amount of up to $525 million. In connection with the Sale, TCB entered into an amendment to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2025 (the Third Amendment), which, among other things, amends the ABL Credit Agreement to (a) permit the release of Jack Wolfskin Ausrstung Fr 

Draussen GmbH & Co. KGaA, as a borrower and a guarantor under the ABL Credit Agreement, upon the consummation of the Sale, (b) permit the reallocation of a portion of the revolving commitments under the ABL Facility, in an aggregate principal amount of $20 million, from the German facility thereunder (the German Facility) to the U.S. facility thereunder, and (c) permit the termination of the remainder of the German Facility, in each case, subject to certain customary closing conditions. 

The foregoing description of the Third Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Third Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth above in Item 1.01 under the heading Amendment to Credit Facility is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure.* 

On April 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release captioned Topgolf Callaway Brands Announces Agreement to Sell Jack Wolfskin to ANTA Sports. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by this reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.* 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit 2.1** Sale & Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2025, by and between Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. and Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG. 

Exhibit 10.1** Third Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2025, by and among Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp., the other borrowers and obligors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as security trustee. 

The following exhibit is being furnished herewith:

Exhibit 99.1 Press Release, dated April 10, 2025, captioned Topgolf Callaway Brands Announces Agreement to Sell Jack Wolfskin to ANTA Sports. 

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

* 

The information furnished in this Current Report on Form 8-K (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

** 

Certain schedules, exhibits and annexes have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules, exhibits and annexes upon request by the SEC; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any schedules, exhibits or annexes so furnished. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact made herein are forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements relating to the proposed sale of the Jack Wolfskin business, the timing and expected proceeds thereof, the satisfaction of closing conditions and all other statements in this report and the exhibits furnished or filed herewith, other than historical facts. These statements are based upon current information and expectations, and any such forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the following cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof and involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, including the risk that the Sale may not close on the terms or timing described herein, or at all, the 

Companys ability to satisfy the closing conditions to complete the Sale on a timely basis, or at all, and the risk of the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Purchase Agreement. Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those risk factors set forth in Item 1A of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, well as other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Companys reports on Forms 10-K,10-Q and 8-K subsequently filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, many of which are beyond the Companys control. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

TOPGOLF CALLAWAY BRANDS CORP.

Date: April 10, 2025 By: 

/s/ Heather D. McAllister

Name: Heather D. McAllister

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d948334dex21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.1
<TEXT>
EX-2.1

Exhibit 2.1 

Deed no. 1066 W/2025 

Sale & Purchase Agreement 

On
ninth/tenth of April in two thousand twenty-five, 

appeared before me, 

Dr. Robert Walz, 

notary in Munich,
with the official residence in Prannerstrae 4, 80333 Munich, Germany, in the premises of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, Kniginstrae 9 in 80539 Munich, Germany: 

1. 

Mr. Michael Korbik, born on *, resident in Bornheim (Rheinland), Germany, with business address at
Amelia-Mary-Earhart-Strae 8 in 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, who identified himself by means of his photo identity papers, here not acting on his own behalf but as managing director who is entitled to act alone as this companys
legal representative and exempted from the restriction of sec. 181 German Civil Code (BGB) in the name and on behalf of Youco HH24-H454 Vorrats-GmbH (in future: Anca Holdco Management GmbH), with registered seat in Hamburg, Germany,
registered with the Commercial Register of the Hamburg, Germany, Local Court under HRB 188810, with business address at Amelia-Mary-Earhart-Strae 8 in 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 

Mr. Michael Korbik was appointed as managing director of Youco HH24-H454 Vorrats-GmbH (in future: Anca Holdco Management GmbH), with
registered seat in Hamburg, Germany, in the Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting of 3rd April 2025, deed of the notary Dr. Robert Walz in Munich, Germany, deed-no 979W/2025, which is attached as a
certified copy (in extract). Mr. Michael Korbik is not yet registered as managing director at the Commercial Register of the Hamburg, Germany, Local Court, but the registration is already applied. 

Youco HH24-H454 Vorrats-GmbH (in future: Anca Holdco Management GmbH), with registered seat
in Hamburg, Germany, is here not acting on own behalf, but as sole and exempted from the restrictions of sec. 181 German Civil Code (BGB) general partner of Youco HH24-H491 Vorrats-GmbH & Co. KG (in future: Anca Holdco
GmbH & Co. KG), with registered seat in Hamburg, Germany, registered with the Commercial Register of the Hamburg, Germany, Local Court under HRA 131778, with business address at Amelia-Mary-Earhart-Strae 8 in 60549 Frankfurt am Main,
Germany. Upon inspection of the Commercial Register of 9th April 2025 I certify according to sec. 21 BNotO the aforesaid power of representation. 

2. 

Mr. Christopher Oliver Maier, born on * with business address at LATHAM & WATKINS LLP,
Maximilianstrasse 13 in 80539 Munich, Germany, who identified himself by means of his photo identity papers, not acting on his own behalf but for Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp., with its business address at 2180 Rutherford Road,
Carlsbad, CA 92008-7328, USA, registered with the division of corporations of the state of Delaware under file number 3040253, by virtue of a power of attorney (excluding all personal liability). 

3. 

Mr. Heinrich Stirtz, born on *, with business address at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP,
Koniginstrae 9 in 80539 Munich, Germany, personally known to me, not acting on his own behalf but for ANTA Sports Products Limited, a company established under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with registered office at Cricket Square,
Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands, registered at the register of the Cayman Islands under no. CT-181913, with the proviso of
subsequent approval. 

2 

The notary could not examine closely the existence and legal capacity of the aforesaid foreign companies
(and therefore, he also could not examine closely how these companies are represented); the notary instructed the parties about the resulting risks. The parties insisted nevertheless on recording this deed today. 

As far as the persons appeared did not act on their own behalf they provided proof of their power to represent third parties as enclosed (where applicable as
certified copies of the original presented) to this notarial deed. As far as powers of attorney/attestations of power of representation were presented during the notarization as originals I, Notary, hereby certify that the copies are true copies of
the originals, which have been presented to me. Where copies of powers of attorney were presented the respective attorney-in-fact promised to immediately provide the
respective original. 

All subsequent approvals to this notarial deed are seen as communicated (to both the representative without power of attorney and
all parties) and legally effective at receipt by the notary. 

Each person involved confirms that he/she is not acting for the account of a third party in
deviation from the circumstances disclosed to the notary, and that no person involved is politically exposed or has a close relationship with such a person within the meaning of the GWG. 

The notary did neither give advice about foreign law or tax matters nor was he asked or mandated to do so. 

Page numbers, footer and headings of this document are for information only and will not be read out. 

The individuals appearing requested that this deed was recorded mainly in the English language. The notary, who has a sufficient command of English, ensured
that the individuals appearing also have sufficient command of the English and German language. Therefore, a translation of this deed was dispensed with. 

3 

Referred to Notarial Deed 

Inclusion of the referred to notarial deed: The original of the notarial deed UVZNr. 1065W/2025 of 9th April 2025, notarized by notary Dr. Robert
Walz in Munich, was available during the notarization as original. Hereinafter this notarial deed is referred to as Referred to Notarial Deed (Verweisungsurkunde). All parties concerned waived their rights to have the texts read
out anew, to peruse and to have this deed enclosed to this document. The Referred to Notarial Deed is referred to herewith. 

Therefore, the content of the
Referred to Notarial Deed is part of this deed, however, only for the purpose of information to the extent that annexes are attached to the Referred to Notarial Deed for informational purposes. 

The costs of the Referred to Notarial Deed are borne by Youco HH24-H491 Vorrats-GmbH & Co. KG (in future: Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG), with
registered seat in Hamburg, Germany. 

All annexes to the Sale & Purchase Agreement are part of the Referred to Notarial Deed. 

The persons appearing requested the notarization of the following Sale & Purchase Agreement and the following Equity Commitment Letter and Guarantee.

This notarial recording began on April 9, 2025 and ended on April 10, 2025. 

This deed, the attached Sale & Purchase Agreement and the attached Equity Commitment Letter and Guarantee have been read out loud
to the persons appearing, confirmed and approved by them and was signed by the persons appearing and the notary as follows: 

/s/ Michael Korbik

/s/ Christopher Oliver Maier 

/s/ Mr. Heinrich Stirtz

4 

SALE & PURCHASE AGREEMENT

REGARDING THE SALE AND PURCHASE 

OF ALL SHARES IN 

CALLAWAY GERMANY HOLDCO GMBH 

SALE & PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

regarding the Sale and Purchase of all Shares in 

Callaway Germany Holdco GmbH 

(the Agreement) 

BYANDAMONG

(1) 

Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp,a corporation incorporated under the laws of Delaware, with
business address at 2180 Rutherford Road, Carlsbad, CA 92008-7328, United States, 

the Seller

AND

(2) 

Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG (formerly Youco HH24-H491
Vorrats-GmbH & Co. KG)

the Purchaser 

the aforementioned no. (1) through no. (2) each also a Party 

and collectively, the Parties 

6 

TABLEOF CONTENTS

List of Definitions 8 

List of Annexes 11 

1. Certain General Definitions 13 

2. Sale of the Sold Shares 22 

3. Purchase Price et al 22 

4. Pre-Closing Covenants 27 

5. Employee Matters 36 

6. Closing Condition; Clearances 37 

7. Termination 39 

8. Closing Matters 40 

9. Sellers Warranties 42 

10. Purchasers Obligations 56 

11. Remedies and Limitations on the Sellers Liability 57 

12. Tax 62 

13. Purchasers Warranties; Remedies 70 

14. Post-Closing Obligations 72 

15. Specific Indemnities 78 

16. Confidentiality; Press Release; Virtual Data Room 79 

17. Costs and Taxes 81 

18. Notices 83 

19. Miscellaneous Provisions 84 

20. Governing Law; Arbitration 87 

21. Privileged Matters; Conflicts of Interest 88 

7 

LIST OF DEFINITIONS 

Each of the following defined terms shall have the meaning as ascribed to it in this Agreement (including in its Recitals). The following table referencing
the respective page of this Agreement on which the respective defined terms are defined is provided solely for convenience and not as an integral part of this Agreement. 

A 

ABL Credit Facility 10 

Accountant 22 

Accounting Principles 11 

Action 11 

Adjustment Time 9 

Administrative Authority 11 

Advance Pricing Taxes 58 

Affiliate 11 

Agreed Closing Date 10 

AktG 11 

AO 11 

B 

Balance Sheet Date 11 

Basket 54 

Beneficiary 70 

BGB 11 

Bring Down Certificate 37 

Business Day 11 

C 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 11 

Cash Incentive Plans 32 

CGKK 73 

China Distribution Agreement 32 

Claim Addressee 51 

Claim Notice 51 

Clearances 34 

Closing 10 

Closing Actions 37 

Closing Balance Sheet 21 

Closing Conditions 34 

Closing Date 10 

Closing Date Net Working Capital 12 

Closing Management Balance Sheet 20 

Closing Management Statement 20 

Closing Power of Attorney 37 

Closing Statement 21 

Code 12 

Collective Bargaining Agreement 12 

Company 9 

Confidentiality Agreement 12 

Continuing Employee 12 

COTS License 12 

D 

Designated Person 84 

Determination Date 22 

Dispute 82 

Due Diligence Materials 12 

Due Diligence Review 12 

Due PN 7 Evidence 77 

Due PN7 Taxes 77 

E 

Employee List 48 

Employee Plan 12 

Enforceability Exceptions 39 

Environmental Laws 12 

Environmental Permits 12 

Equity Commitment Letter 65 

Equity Financing 66 

Equity Financing Source 65 

ERISA 12 

Estimated Purchase Price 20 

Exempted Claims 55 

Extraordinary Action 72 

F 

Fairly Disclosed 13 

Filings 34 

Financial Statements 41 

Financing Conditions 13 

Fundamental Guarantee Claims 55 

G 

GmbHG 13 

Group 9 

Group Companies 9 

Group Company 9 

Group Company Employees 13 

Group Company Guarantee 13 

Group Company IP Rights 13 

Group Company Plan 13 

Group Company Records 13 

Group Shares 9 

Guarantee Breach 38 

8 

H 

Hazardous Substances 13 

HGB 13 

HKLR 13 

I 

Indebtedness 13 

Indemnifiable Taxes 59 

Information 83 

Information Technology 46 

InsO 14 

Insurance Policies 50 

Insurer 54 

IP Agreements 14 

IP Rights 14 

J 

JW North America 73 

K 

Key Employees 48 

L 

Law 15 

Leased Real Property 15 

Liability 15 

Liability Exclusions 55 

Litigation Costs 74 

Longstop Date 35 

Losses 52 

M 

Material Adverse Effect 15 

Material Agreement 42 

Material Customers 43 

Material Premise Lease Agreements 44 

Material Suppliers 43 

Mirrored Shared Contracts 28 

Mirrored Shared Contractual Liabilities 28 

N 

Net Working Capital 15 

Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount 15 

Non-PN7 Evidence 77 

Notices 78 

NYSE 15 

O 

Overprovisions 61 

P 

Patents 15 

Pension Commitments 49 

Permits 47 

Permitted Lien 15 

Person 16 

Personal Information 16 

PN7 78 

PN7 Reporting 77 

PN7 Tax Receipt 77 

PN7 Taxes 78 

PRC 78 

PRC Group Company 16 

Pre-Closing Period 9 

Pre-Closing Statement 20 

Pre-Closing Tax Period 16 

Prior Company Counsel 84 

Privacy Laws 16 

Privileged Information 83 

Privileges 83 

Public Subsidies 50 

Purchaser Claim 16 

Purchaser Group 16 

Purchaser Plans 33 

R 

Regulatory Closing Condition 34 

Release Documentation 28 

Relevant Bank Account 10 

Relevant Tax Proceedings 63 

Relevant Tax Return 16 

Relevant Tax Settlement Offer 63 

Representative 17 

Retained Companies 17 

Retained Marks 17 

S 

Sample Closing Statement 17 

Seller Related Party 17 

Sellers Account 10 

Sellers Knowledge 56 

Shared Contract 17 

Signing 9 

Signing Date 9 

Sold Shares 9 

Special Tax Cap 64 

Specified Litigation 73 

Specified Third Party Consents 72 

Specified Third Party Contract 72 

Statements 38 

Straddle Tax Period 17 

Subrogation Waiver 54 

Subrogation Waiver Parties 54 

Subsidiaries 9 

Subsidiary 9 

Surviving Provisions 36 

T 

Target Business 17 

Target Closing Net Working Capital 17 

9 

Tax 17 

Tax Authority 18 

Tax Benefit 60 

Tax Claims 59 

Tax De Minimis 64 

Tax Guarantee 57 

Tax Guarantees 57 

Tax Provisions 61 

Tax Refund 60 

Tax Return 18 

Third-Party Claims 51 

Total Purchase Price 20 

Trademarks 18 

Transaction 9 

Transaction Documents 18 

Transition Services Ag 18 

U 

UK DPA 16 

UmwG 18 

Unpaid Transaction Expenses 18 

UStG 18 

V 

VAT 18 

VDR 18 

W 

W&I Cap 55 

W&I Claims 55 

W&I Insurance 54 

Withdrawing Board Members 69 

10 

LIST OF ANNEXES 

Annex B 

Sold Shares

Annex C 

Company Participations

Annex 1.3(a) 

Parties Bank Account

Annex 1.4(b) 

Accounting Principles

Annex 1.4(bb) 

Group Company Guarantees

Annex 1.4(pp) 

Material Adverse Effect

Annex 1.4(uu) 

Permitted Liens

Annex 1.4(ggg) 

Sample Closing Statement

Annex 1.4(rrr) 

Transition Services Agreement

Annex 4.1 

Conduct of Business in the Pre-Closing
Period

Annex 4.4 

Mirrored Shared Contracts

Annex 4.6 

Intercompany Balances; Affiliate Transactions

Annex 4.8 

Undercapitalization JW France

Annex 4.9 

Invention Patent

Annex 6.1(a) 

Merger Control and Foreign Investment Control Authorities

Annex 8.2(b) 

Form of Bring Down Certificate

Annex 8.2(f) 

Form of Closing Power of Attorney

Annex 8.3 

Form of Closing Protocol

Annex 9.3(c) 

Disclosure to Group Shares

Annex 9.3(d) 

No Further Assets/Interests

Annex 9.4(a) 

Articles of Association of the Company

Annex 9.4(c) 

No Insolvency

Annex 9.5(a) 

Financial Statements

Annex 9.5(b) 

Disclosures to Preparation of Financial Statements

Annex 9.5(e) 

Undisclosed Liabilities

Annex 9.6(a) 

Material Agreements

Annex 9.6(c) 

Disclosures to Material Agreements

Annex 9.6(d) 

Disclosures to Material Customers and Suppliers

Annex 9.7 

Seller Related Agreements

Annex 9.9(a) 

Material Premise Lease Agreements

Annex 9.9(b) 

Disclosure to Material Premise Lease Agreements

Annex 9.10 

Environmental Compliance

Annex 9.11(a) 

Disclosure re Intellectual Property

Annex 9.11(b) 

Disclosure re Information Technology

Annex 9.13 

Title to Assets

Annex 9.14 

Legal Proceedings

Annex 9.15(b) 

Compliance

Annex 9.16(a) 

Employee List

11 

Annex 9.16(c) 

Collective Bargaining Agreements, Labor Union

Annex 9.16(d) 

Employee Benefit Plans

Annex 9.17 

Subsidies

Annex 9.18 

Insurance Policies; Certain Insurance Matters

Annex 11.6(a) 

W&I Insurance Policy

Annex 11.8 

Sellers Knowledge

Annex 12.1 

Tax Disclosures

Annex 12.2 

Tax Indemnification

Annex 14.4 

Withdrawing Board Members

Annex 14.7(b) 

Specified Third Party Consents

12 

RECITALS

A. 

Company. Callaway Germany Holdco GmbH (the Company) is a limited liability company
(Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung GmbH) organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany, with its registered seat in Frankfurt am Main, Germany and having its business address at Jack-Wolfskin-Kreisel 1,
65510 Idstein, Germany and registered with the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main, Germany under registration number HRB 113311. 

B. 

Sold Shares The entire registered share capital (Stammkapital) of the Company (on a fully-diluted
basis) consists of 26,000 shares (in words: twenty six thousand) with consecutive numbers 1 through 26,000, having a nominal value of 1.00 each, as set out in Annex B (collectively and together with any other shares held by the
Seller in the Company immediately prior to the Closing, the Sold Shares). The Seller is the sole shareholder of the Company. 

C. 

Group and Participations. The Company holds, directly or indirectly, participations in the entities set
out in AnnexC. 

D. 

Transaction. It is intended that the Seller sells and transfers to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser
purchases and acquires from the Seller, all Sold Shares all subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of this Agreement (collectively, the Transaction). 

Now, therefore, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. 

CERTAIN GENERAL DEFINITIONS 

1.1 

Group Companies and other Participations; Group Shares 

(a) 

Subsidiaries shall mean any subsidiaries (abhngige Unternehmen) within the
meaning of Section 17 AktG; and Subsidiary shall mean any of them; in relation to the Company, its Subsidiaries are set forth in Annex C. 

(b) 

Group Companies shall mean the Company and its Subsidiaries, Group
Company shall mean any of them, and Group shall mean all Group Companies collectively. 

(c) 

Group Shares shall mean those shares or interests in the Subsidiaries of the Company which
are held or controlled by Group Companies. 

1.2 

Transaction Dates 

(a) 

Signing shall mean the finalization of the notarization of this Agreement (and, as the
context requires, the date and time thereof). 

(b) 

Signing Date shall mean the date and time of the completion of the Signing.

(c) 

Pre-Closing Period shall mean the period between the
Signing Date and the Closing Date. 

13 

(d) 

Adjustment Time means 11:59 p.m. (Central European (Summer) Time) on the day immediately
prior to the Closing Date. 

(e) 

AgreedClosing Date shall mean the sixth Business Day following the first day on
which allClosing Conditions have been satisfied (or, if waivable, validly waived by the relevant Parties); provided that the Seller and the Purchaser (with legal effect for all Parties) may mutually agree in writing (including by
email) on any other date to be the Agreed Closing Date. 

(f) 

Closing shall mean the closing of the purchase and sale of the Sold Shares upon the
satisfaction, or waiver by the relevant Parties, as the case may be, of all Closing Actions. 

(g) 

Closing Date shall mean the date and time of the occurrence of the Closing.

1.3 

Account Data and Payment Terms 

(a) 

Bank Accounts. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any payment owed by a Party
pursuant to this Agreement (whether to be effected to another Party or to any other recipient as provided in this Agreement) shall be made, and shall have discharging effect only if made, into the bank account as designated for the respective Party
in Annex 1.3(a) or into such other bank account as notified by the respective Party being the creditor of such payment obligation in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the respective debtor Party. If the
respective afore-referenced notification is not duly and timely rendered to, and received by, the respective debtor Party at the latest five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which such relevant payment falls due, then the respective
debtor Party is entitled to effect payments in its own discretion to the relevant bank account as applying pursuant to the terms of this Agreement at the time of receipt of such notification. The from time to time relevant bank account of a relevant
creditor Party shall in each case be defined as a Relevant Bank Account. 

(b) 

Sellers Account. Where reference is made in this Agreement to the Sellers
Account, this shall solely be understood as a reference to the account designated as such Sellers Account in Annex 1.3(a) or to such other replacement bank account as, in
this case jointly or uniformly, notified by the Seller to the Purchaser in analogous application of Section 1.3(a) (including in respect of the proviso contained therein) as new designated Sellers Account.

(c) 

Payment Terms. Each payment owed to a Party or to Parties under this Agreement shall be effected at the
latest on the relevant due date for such payment pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of costs and charges (other than any costs and charges levied by the financial institution providing the respective Relevant Bank Account), in immediately
(on the same day) available funds and by irrevocable wire transfer with value on the relevant due date. Any accrued interest shall be due and payable together with the relevant principal amount to which it relates. 

1.4 

General Definitions 

In this Agreement, 

(a) 

ABL Credit Facility means that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security
Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2023, among the Seller, the Subsidiaries of the Seller party thereto as borrowers, the Subsidiaries of the Seller from time to time party thereto as guarantors, the financial institutions from time to time party
thereto as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as security trustee, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; 

14 

(b) 

Accounting Principles means the accounting principles, practices, policies, judgments and
methodologies set forth in Annex 1.4(b)to this Agreement; 

(c) 

Action means any claim, action, suit, audit, assessment, arbitration or other proceeding by
or before any Administrative Authority (other than office actions and similar notices or proceedings in connection with the prosecution of applications for registration or issuance of IP Rights); 

(d) 

Administrative Authority shall mean any domestic, foreign, multinational, federal, state,
provincial or local government or governmental entity or authority exercising executive, regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, government, legislature, commission, department, board, bureau, agency, ministry or
instrumentality, court or tribunal, self-regulatory body, or any political or other subdivision, department, agency or branch of any of the foregoing; 

(e) 

Affiliate shall mean with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or
indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled have correlative meanings. The term
Affiliate shall in any event also comprise any affiliate (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the meaning of 15 AktG; 

(f) 

AktG shall mean the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz);

(g) 

AO shall mean the German General Fiscal Code (Abgabenordnung); 

(h) 

Balance Sheet Date shall mean December 31, 2024. 

(i) 

BGB shall mean the German Civil Code (Brgerliches Gesetzbuch);

(j) 

Business Day shall mean any day, other than Saturday and Sunday, on which the bank offices
of the commercial banks in Hong Kong, New York or Frankfurt am Main are open for their ordinary banking business other than online banking; 

15 

(k) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group Companies as of any date means the cash and cash
equivalents and bank deposits (excluding restricted cash, lease security deposits and lease restricted cash, in each case, except to the extent restricted in connection with the ABL Credit Facility) required to be reflected as cash and cash
equivalents and bank deposits on a consolidated balance sheet of the Group Companies, as adjusted for any bank deposits in transit and outstanding checks, in each case, prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles (and including credit and
debit card receivables); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Cash and Cash Equivalents shall not include any amount included in the Net Working Capital; 

(l) 

Closing Date Net Working Capital means the Net Working Capital as of the Adjustment Time;

(m) 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(n) 

Collective Bargaining Agreement means each collective bargaining agreement, labor contract
or similar agreement entered into with a union, labor organization or works council governing the terms and conditions of employment of any Group Company Employee; 

(o) 

Confidentiality Agreement means, as amended and modified from time to time, that certain non-disclosure agreement, by and between Seller and ANTA Sports Products Limited, dated December 2, 2024; 

(p) 

Continuing Employee means each Group Company Employee who, as of immediately following the
Closing, continues in employment with the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (including, following the Closing, any Group Company); 

(q) 

COTS License means a shrink-wrap, click-through or off-the-shelf software or
software-as-a-service license, open source software license, or any other license of uncustomized software that is available to
the public generally, with one-time or annual license, maintenance, support and other fees of $150,000 or less; 

(r) 

Due Diligence Materials shall mean all information rendered or made available prior to
Signing to the Purchaser and/or members of the Purchaser Group in the VDR; 

(s) 

Due Diligence Review shall mean the due diligence review relating to the Group conducted by
or on behalf / for the benefit of members of the Purchaser Group in connection with the Transaction; 

(t) 

Employee Plan means each (a) employee benefit plan, as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA, (b) each employment agreement, employment offer letter or consulting agreement, and (c) each contract, plan, practice, arrangement or policy providing for severance, equity compensation, profit-sharing,
incentive or deferred compensation, vacation or other paid-time-off, health or welfare benefits, sick pay, pension or retirement benefits or other compensation or employee benefits, in each case, which covers
any Group Company Employee and is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Group Companies), but excluding any plan that is required to be maintained by applicable Law or that is sponsored in whole
or in part by any union or employee organization; 

(u) 

Environmental Laws means any applicable Law relating to pollution, protection of the
environment or protection of the health and safety of individuals from exposures to Hazardous Substances in the environment; 

(v) 

Environmental Permits means any permit, approval, authorization, license, variance or
permission required under applicable Environmental Laws; 

(w) 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;

16 

(x) 

Fairly Disclosed means if the relevant facts are sufficiently disclosed in such a way that
the risk, circumstances and events underlying or relating to a Guarantee Breach could reasonably be identified by an advised purchaser; 

(y) 

Financing Conditions means, with respect to the Equity Financing, the conditions precedent
to the Purchasers obligations under this Agreement set forth in Section 6.1. 

(z) 

GmbHG shall mean the German Limited Liability Companies Act (Gesetz betreffend die
Gesellschaften mit beschrnkter Haftung); 

(aa) 

Group Company Employees means the employees of the Group Companies; 

(bb) 

Group Company Guarantees means all guarantees, letters of credit, bonds, sureties and other
credit support or assurances provided by any Group Company or a Seller Related Party in support of any obligation of the Group Companies, including those obligations listed in Annex 1.4(bb);

(cc) 

Group Company IP Rights means the IP Rights owned or purported to be owned by one or more of
the Group Companies; provided, that, the Group Company IP Rights does not include any IP Rights related to the Retained Marks; 

(dd) 

Group Company Plan means each Employee Plan that is sponsored or maintained by a Group
Company or with respect to which a Group Company has or may have any Liability; 

(ee) 

Group Company Records means all books, records, files, plans, studies, reports, manuals,
handbooks, catalogs, brochures, ledgers, drawings and other similar materials (or portions thereof) both electric and paper versions, exclusively related to the Group Companies, including (a) lists of customers, suppliers or personnel of the
Group Companies, (b) all product, business and marketing plans of the Group Companies, (c) operating and personnel records of the Group Companies, (d) entity level audited reports, unaudited entity level and consolidated level
management accounts, trial balances, general ledgers, vouchers, and other financial records of the Group Companies and (e) Tax-related records and receipts (or portions thereof), in each case to the
extent exclusively related to the Group Companies; 

(ff) 

Hazardous Substances means any material, substance or waste that is listed, classified,
regulated, characterized or otherwise defined as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, a pollutant, or contaminant, (or words of similar intent or meaning) under applicable Environmental Law,
including petroleum, its derivatives, by-products and other hydrocarbons, urea formaldehyde, lead-based paint, PCBs, silica and asbestos; 

(gg) 

HGB shall mean the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch); 

(hh) 

HKLR shall mean The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited; 

17 

(ii) 

Indebtedness means, without duplication (a) all Liabilities of the Group Companies for
borrowed money, (b) all Liabilities of the Group Companies evidenced by notes, bonds (other than surety bonds), debentures or other similar instruments, (c) all reimbursement or repayment Liabilities of the Group Companies under
(x) letters of credit (solely to the extent drawn) and surety bonds (solely to the extent claims have been made thereunder), (d) all Liabilities of the Group Companies under finance leases to the extent any such lease is accrued as indebtedness
in accordance with the Accounting Principles, (e) all Liabilities of the Group Companies for guarantees of another Person (other than another Group Company) in respect of any items set forth in clauses (a) through (d) (other than
guarantees that constitute Permitted Liens), (f) all accrued interest, fees and expenses (including prepayment premium obligations) resulting from any of the items set forth in clauses (a) through (e), (g) the following long-term provisions of
the Group Companies: accruals for potential claims from suppliers of bankrupt franchise partners, and (h) the following medium-term debts of the Group Companies: income tax payable, capex payables, accrued severance payables, and the employer
portion of any employment Taxes incurred by a Group Company in connection with such accrued severance payables (each items included in the foregoing clauses (a) through (h) as calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles). For the
avoidance of doubt, (1) any Liability of the Group Companies included in the calculation of Net Working Capital or Unpaid Transaction Expenses, (2) intercompany balances solely among the Group Companies, (3) any contingent
reimbursement obligations for any undrawn letters of credit, bankers acceptances, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar obligations or instruments, (4) any Liabilities under a lease classified as an operating leases in the Financial
Statements, (5) any fees and expenses to the extent incurred by or at the direction of the Purchaser or otherwise relating to the Purchasers or any of its Affiliates financing, including obtaining any consent, agreement or waiver
relating thereto, for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Liabilities incurred or arranged by or on behalf of the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
otherwise, (6) deferred Tax Liabilities associated with trade names and customer/distributor relationships, (7) Tax accruals in respect of [Fin 48] of the PRC Group Companies which is related to advanced pricing arrangement and Account
Principles Board (APB) 23, which is related to hypothetical tax under US GAAP if the Group Companies repatriate money to US, and (8) foreign Tax withholdings, in each case, shall not be included in the calculation of Indebtedness for any
purpose hereunder; 

(jj) 

InsO shall mean the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung); 

(kk) 

IP Agreements means all agreements, to which any Group Company is a party, beneficiary or
obligor: (i) pursuant to which IP Rights are licensed by any Group Company to any Person, and (ii) pursuant to which IP Rights are licensed by any Person (other than a Group Company) to a Group Company; 

(ll) 

IP Rights means all intellectual property rights in any and all jurisdictions throughout the
world, including all: (a) Patents; (b) Trademarks; (c) trade secrets and other intellectual property rights in inventions (whether or not patentable and whether or not reduced to practice), confidential information, data, know-how, product designs, methods and processes, including customer information and marketing materials; (d) copyrights and mask works, whether or not registered, and registrations and applications for
registration thereof and (e) Internet domain names; 

18 

(mm) 

Law shall mean any foreign, multinational, federal, state, provincial, local or domestic
statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, injunction, judgment, decree or decision applicable to a Person; 

(nn) 

Leased Real Property means the real property leased or subleased by any Group Company as
tenant or subtenant; 

(oo) 

Liability means any liability, cost, expense, debt, commitment or obligation of any kind,
character or description, and whether known or unknown, choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and regardless of when asserted or by whom; 

(pp) 

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning set forth on Annex1.4(pp). 

(qq) 

Net Working Capital means the Group Companies consolidated current assets calculated
with only the line items set forth in the Sample Closing Statement and Annex 1.4(b) minus the Group Companies consolidated current liabilities calculated with only the line items set forth in the Sample Closing Statement and Annex 1.4(b) (in
each case as calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles). For the avoidance of doubt, any Liability of the Group Companies included in the calculation of Indebtedness or Unpaid Transaction Expenses, in either case, and any Cash and Cash
Equivalents of the Group Companies shall not be included in the calculation of Net Working Capital for any purpose hereunder; 

(rr) 

Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount which may be positive or negative, means the Closing
Date Net Working Capital minus the Target Closing Net Working Capital; 

(ss) 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 

(tt) 

Patents means patents, utility models, and other statutory invention registrations and
applications for any of the foregoing; 

(uu) 

Permitted Lien shall mean any encumbrance, lien, security right or comparable right that
(i) in case it relates to real estate or rights in real estate, is specified in the respective real estate register, or (ii) is imposed by applicable Law, or (iii) is imposed as a consequence of standardized terms and conditions (such
as the AGB Banken, VOB/B, ADSp and the like), or (iv) is a security right in favor of Tax authorities or other Administrative Authorities, or (v), in case of a security for financial debt, is granted for financial debt
reflected in the books and records of the relevant Group Company, or (vi) is a customary retention of title right or assignment (branchenbliche Eigentumsvorbehalte und Zessionen) granted in the ordinary course of
business, or (vii) is in favor of suppliers, mechanics, workmen, carriers, landlords, and the like in the ordinary course of business, or (viii) arises in the ordinary course of business and was not incurred in connection with the
borrowing of money, and which do not materially impact the current use of the affected property, or (ix) are disclosed in the Financial Statements (other than encumbrances securing the ABL Credit Facility) or set forth on
Annex 1.4(uu), or (x) are released on or prior to the Closing or are required to be released upon consummation of the transactions contemplated hereof under the terms thereof, or (xi) are
statutory or contractual encumbrances, liens, security rights or comparable rights of lessors or encumbrances, liens, security rights or comparable 

19 

rights on the lessors interests with respect to the Leased Real Property, or (xii) are purchase money liens and liens securing obligations under finance leases, or (xiii) are
leases, subleases and other occupancy agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business in all material respects pursuant to which a Group Company is a lessor, sublessor or licensor, or (xiv) are statutory liens for obligations in the
ordinary course of business which are not yet delinquent or the amount or validity of which is being contested in good faith by (if then appropriate) appropriate proceedings, or (xv) is a non-exclusive
license of IP Rights; 

(vv) 

Person shall mean any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, joint stock company, Administrative Authority or other entity of any kind; 

(ww) 

Personal Information means information that is considered personally identifiable
information, personal information, personal data, or any similar term by any applicable Privacy Laws; 

(xx) 

PRC Group Company shall mean JACK WOLFSKIN Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (for information) a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC; 

(yy) 

Pre-Closing Tax Period means any circumstance
incurred prior to and any Tax period ending on or before the Closing Date and, with respect to a Straddle Tax Period, the portion of such Tax period ending on the Closing Date; 

(zz) 

Privacy Laws means any applicable Law relating to the processing of Personal Information,
data security, data breach notification, and the cross-border transfer of Personal Information, including, as applicable, the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679), the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (UK DPA)
and the UK General Data Protection Regulation as defined by the UK DPA as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019; 

(aaa) 

Purchaser Claim shall mean an individual claim that the Purchaser has against the Seller
under or in connection with this Agreement, other than a claim of the Purchaser for specific performance (Erfllung)of (i) the principal obligations (Hauptleistungspflichten) respecting the sale and transfer of Sold
Shares under Section 2 of this Agreement and (ii) covenants of the Seller (i.e., the term Purchaser Claim does comprise, inter alia, claims pursuant to indemnification provisions and claims resulting from a Guarantee
Breach or a breach of covenants or of other obligations as well as Tax Claims (defined below)); 

(bbb) 

Purchaser Group shall mean (individually and collectively) the Purchaser and its Affiliates
(including any of the Purchasers direct and indirect shareholders from time to time) and including the Group Companies as from the Closing; 

(ccc) 

Relevant Tax Return shall mean any Tax Return (i) relating to any period prior to and
including the Closing Date or (ii) relating to any Taxes that could lead to any claims against the Seller with respect to Taxes and (iii) relating to any Tax Refund or Overprovision. 

20 

(ddd) 

Representative means, with respect to any Person, such Persons directors, officers,
employees, counsel, accountants, consultants (including any investment banker or financial advisor), agents, lenders and other authorized representatives; 

(eee) 

Retained Companies means the Seller and all of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the
Seller, other than the Group Companies; 

(fff) 

Retained Marks means the name Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. and any other
Trademarks owned or used by the Retained Companies, and any translations, localizations, adaptations, derivations and combinations thereof, and anything confusingly similar thereto, including any trade names, logos, Internet addresses and domain
names, Trademarks and related registrations and applications, in each case, that consists of or contains such Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. name or any other Trademarks used by the Retained Companies; 

(ggg) 

Sample Closing Statement means the sample calculation of (a) Net Working
Capital, (b) Indebtedness, (c) Cash and Cash Equivalents and (d) Unpaid Transaction Expenses of the Group Companies as of December 31, 2024 attached hereto as Annex 1.4(ggg); 

(hhh) 

Seller Related Party as used in relation to the Seller shall mean (i) any Affiliate of
the Seller from time to time (including without limitation the Retained Companies and excluding the Group Companies) and (ii), if used in relation to any natural person, also any spouse, sibling, descendant, and adopted child of that natural person
of the Seller from time to time other than the Group Companies; 

(iii) 

Shared Contract means any contract to which the Seller or any of its Subsidiaries (including
the Group Companies) is a party with any non-Affiliated third party and which benefits both the Group Companies and any Retained Company; 

(jjj) 

Straddle Tax Period means a Tax period that begins on or before the Closing Date and ends
after the Closing Date; 

(kkk) 

Target Business shall mean the business operations of the Group Companies as of the Signing
Date; 

(lll) 

Target Closing Net Working Capital means EUR 58,126,000 (in words: fifty-eight million one
hundred twenty six thousand Euros); 

(mmm) 

Tax means (a) taxes (Steuern) and ancillary tax obligations (steuerliche
Nebenleistungen) within the meaning of sec. 3 AO, (b) German social security charges and contributions (Sozialversicherungsabgaben), (c) any other public levies or charges in the nature of a tax, including any interest, penalty,
accessory charge or addition thereto, (d) secondary tax liabilities and (e) any obligations or liabilities falling into the categories of (a) through (d) above and accruing under the Laws of any jurisdiction other than Germany, but
for the avoidance of doubt not deferred taxes (latente Steuern), irrespective whether assessed, charged, levied or collected by any domestic or foreign governmental authority responsible for the assessment,
administration or collection of Taxes or on the basis of contractual payment obligations between the Group Companies and/or Affiliates with respect to tax amounts otherwise imposed on the Group Companies, e.g. such as Tax allotment agreements
(Steuerumlagevertrge); 

21 

(nnn) 

Tax Authority means any Administrative Authority or other public body authorized to impose,
administer, or collect any Taxes or any Tax related obligations; 

(ooo) 

Tax Return means all Tax returns and Tax related filings that must be filed with or provided
to any Tax Authority in connection with Taxes; 

(ppp) 

Trademarks means (a) trademarks, service marks, certification marks, logos, trade
dress, trade names, product names, brand names, domain names and other indicia of origin (whether registered, common law, statutory or otherwise), together with all translations, localizations, adaptations, derivations and combinations thereof,
(b) all registrations and applications to register the foregoing anywhere in the world and (c) all goodwill associated with all of the foregoing; 

(qqq) 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement and any other
agreements or instruments executed pursuant hereto; 

(rrr) 

Transition Services Agreement means that certain transition services agreement, containing
substantially the key terms and provisions as summarized in Annex 1.4(rrr); 

(sss) 

UmwGshall mean the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz);

(ttt) 

Unpaid Transaction Expenses means, solely to the extent incurred prior to the Closing and
not paid prior to the Closing and without duplication, (a) all fees, expenses and costs payable by the Group Companies in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to financial advisors, accountants, legal advisors and
other third party advisors including any Taxes thereon and (b) all transaction bonuses, retention payments or change in control payments that become due solely as a result of the transactions contemplated hereunder and are payable by any Group
Company to any Group Company Employee as of the consummation of the Closing pursuant to arrangements established by the Group Companies prior to the Closing as well as the management incentives payable under the agreements disclosed in Annex
9.16(d)-(6) (but excluding any payments pursuant to arrangements which are subject to both a change in control and a subsequent termination of employment (double trigger) resulting in payments and/or benefits provided upon a
termination of service at or following the consummation of the Closing), and the employer portion of any employment Taxes incurred by a Group Company in connection with the payment of any such amounts; provided, that, for the avoidance of
doubt, Unpaid Transaction Expenses shall not include any amount included in Indebtedness or Net Working Capital; 

(uuu) 

UStG shall mean the German VAT Code (Umsatzsteuergesetz); 

(vvv) 

VAT shall mean value added tax; 

(www) 

VDR shall mean the virtual data room operated by Datasite in which certain documents and
information were made available as from January 12, 2025 through the date of this Agreement to the Purchaser and/or members of the Purchaser Group and/or Persons reviewing the respective documents and information on their behalf in the course
of the Due Diligence Review. 

22 

2. 

SALE OF THE SOLD SHARES. 

2.1 

Sale of the Sold Shares 

(a) 

Sales. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Seller hereby sells to the Purchaser the Sold Shares
and the Purchaser hereby accepts each such individual sale.

(b) 

Transfers. The Seller hereby assigns the Sold Shares to the Purchaser with in rem effect subject
to the following conditions precedent (aufschiebende Bedingungen): 

(i) 

the Closing Condition pursuant to Section 6.1(a) has been satisfied or validly waived; and

(ii) 

the payment in full of the Estimated Purchase Price pursuant to Section 8.2(e). 

The 

Purchaser accepts such conditional assignment. 

(c) 

Consideration. The respective consideration to be paid by the Purchaser for the aforementioned
individual sales and transfers is provided in Section 3. 

2.2 

Ancillary Rights 

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the sale and transfer of the Sold Shares pursuant to Section 2.1 shall include all rights and
obligations appertaining to the Sold Shares at the Closing. 

3. 

PURCHASE PRICE ET AL. 

3.1 

Total Purchase Price 

The aggregate purchase price to be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller for the sale and transfer of the Sold Shares shall be: 

(a) 

an amount in cash of $290,000,000 US dollars (in words: two hundred ninety million US dollars);

plus 

(b) 

the consolidated amount of Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group Companies as determined in accordance with
Section 3.2 on the basis of the Closing Statement; 

minus 

(c) 

the consolidated amount of Indebtedness of the Group Companies as determined in accordance with
Section 3.2 on the basis of the Closing Statement; 

plus 

(d) 

the Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount; 

minus 

(e) 

the Unpaid Transaction Expenses; 

23 

(hereinafter collectively the Total Purchase Price). 

3.2 

Purchase Price Adjustment 

(a) 

No later than three (3) Business Days prior to (but not including) the Agreed Closing Date, the Seller
shall provide to the Purchaser a draft written statement (which may be in PDF/e-mail form) (the Pre-Closing Statement) together with reasonable
supporting details regarding the calculation setting forth (i) its good faith estimate of (A) the estimated Closing Date Net Working Capital and the resulting Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount, (B) the aggregate estimated amount
of all Indebtedness of the Group Companies as of the Adjustment Time (C) the estimated Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group Companies as of the Adjustment Time and (D) the Unpaid Transaction Expenses and (ii) its resulting
calculation of the estimated Total Purchase Price (the Estimated Purchase Price), in each case prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles and in a manner consistent with the Sample Closing Statement, for
Purchasers review and comments. No later than two (2) Business Days prior to (but not including) the Agreed Closing Date, the Seller shall provide to the Purchaser an updated Pre-Closing Statement,
provided, that if Seller fails to deliver an updated Pre-Closing Statement, then the draft Pre-Closing Statement delivered to Purchaser by Seller shall be the Pre-Closing Statement for all relevant purposes herein. Absent manifest errors, the Pre-Closing Statement shall not be subject to approval by the Purchaser.

(b) 

As soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing Date, and in any event within sixty (60) days thereof,
the Seller shall prepare and deliver to the Purchaser an updated Pre-Closing Statement as draft management statements comprising (i) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Group Companies as of
the Adjustment Time (the Closing Management Balance Sheet), and (ii) a written statement setting forth Sellers good faith calculation, together with reasonable supporting detail of such calculation, of (A) the
Closing Date Net Working Capital and the resulting Net Working Capital Adjustment Amount, (B) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Group Companies set forth in the Closing Management Balance Sheet (C) Cash and Cash Equivalents of
the Group Companies set forth in the Closing Management Balance Sheet (D) the Unpaid Transaction Expenses, and (E) the resulting Total Purchase Price, in each case, determined without giving effect to (x) the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement to occur at Closing (including any adjustments as a result of the application of purchase accounting), (y) any financing transactions in connection therewith or by the Purchaser or its Subsidiaries
(including the Group Companies) after the Closing or (z) any action or omission by the Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Group Companies) with respect to the Group Companies after the Closing as of the Adjustment Time (the
Closing Management Statement). Except as otherwise provided herein, the Closing Management Balance Sheet and the Closing Management Statement shall be prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles, in a manner consistent
with the Sample Closing Statement and consistent with the same accounting policies, procedures, practices adopted in the preparation of the Financial Statements. If the Seller fails to provide the Closing Management Statement to the Purchaser,
without prejudice to any other rights the Purchaser may have, the Purchaser may update the Pre-Closing Statement as draft management accounts as of the Adjustment Time and/or prepare the Closing Management
Balance Sheet and Closing Management Statement on its own in 

24 

accordance with this Section 3.2(b). The Purchaser shall review and update the Closing Management Balance Sheet and the Closing Management Statement as necessary and as soon as reasonably
practicable following the date on which the Purchaser received the Closing Management Balance Sheet and the Closing Management Statement, the Purchaser shall appoint KPMG (or such other internationally reputable independent accounting or financial
consulting firm) to audit the Closing Management Balance Sheet updated by the Purchaser and the Closing Management Statement updated by the Purchaser, in each case in accordance with the Accounting Principles and in a manner consistent with the
Sample Closing Statement, and in any event within ninety (90) days after its receipt of the Closing Management Balance Sheet and the Closing Management Statements, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller the updated Closing Management Balance
Sheet (the Closing Balance Sheet) and the updated Closing Management Statement (the Closing Statement). If the Purchaser fails to provide the Closing Balance Sheet and/or the Closing Statement to the Seller
within the time periods allotted by this Section 3.2(b), then the Closing Management Balance Sheet and the Closing Management Statement shall be the Closing Balance Sheet and the Closing Statement, respectively. Nothing in this
Section 3.2(b) is intended to be used to adjust for errors, omissions or inconsistencies that may be found with respect to the Financial Statements, or any actual or alleged failure of the Financial Statements to be prepared in accordance with
Accounting Principles or in good faith. Following the Closing, the Purchaser shall provide the Seller and its Representatives complete and full access to the business, records, properties, personnel, systems and (subject to the execution of
customary work paper access letters if requested) auditors of the Purchaser and/or the Group Companies, and all other information of Purchaser and/or the Group Companies deems reasonably necessary relating to its preparation of the Closing
Management Balance Sheet and the Closing Management Statement. Additionally, the Purchaser shall, or shall cause its Subsidiaries (including the Group Companies after the Closing) to, furnish promptly to the Seller such other information concerning
the business, records, and properties of Purchaser and/or the Group Companies as the Seller reasonably requests from time to time and cause the personnel of the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries (including the Group Companies after the Closing) to
cooperate with the Seller and its Representatives in connection with their preparation of the Closing Management Balance Sheet and the Closing Management Statement and their review of the Closing Balance Sheet and the Closing Statement. The right of
the Seller and its Representatives to access documents or information of the Purchaser and/or Group Companies pursuant to this Section 3.2 shall cease after Total Purchase Price is finally determined in accordance this Section 3.2, and
with respect to the review of the Closing Balance Sheet and the Closing Statement the access right shall be limited (A) to documents and information covering periods up until Closing Date, and (B) to the sole purpose of reviewing the
Closing Balance Sheet and the Closing Statement. 

(c) 

If the Seller disagrees with the calculation of the Total Purchase Price set forth in the Closing Statement (or
any portion of the calculation thereof), it shall notify the Purchaser of such disagreement in writing, setting forth in reasonable detail the particulars of such disagreement, within 45 days after its receipt of the Closing Statement. In the event
that the Seller does not provide such a notice of disagreement within such 45-day period, Seller shall be deemed to have accepted the Closing Statement and the calculation of the Total Purchase Price set forth
therein, which shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes hereunder. In the event any such notice of disagreement is timely provided, the Purchaser and the Seller shall use commercially

25 

reasonable efforts for a period of 45 days (or such longer period as they may mutually agree) to resolve any disagreements with respect to the Closing Statement (or any calculation thereof). If,
at the end of such period, they are unable to resolve such disagreements, then PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (or such other internationally reputable independent accounting or financial consulting firm as may be mutually selected by the Purchaser and
the Seller) (the Accountant) shall resolve any remaining disagreements. The Accountant shall determine as promptly as practicable, but in any event within 45 days of the date on which such dispute is referred to the Accountant,
whether the line items for which disagreements exist between the Purchaser and the Seller on the Closing Balance Sheet and Closing Statement were prepared in accordance with the standards set forth in Section 3.2(b) and whether and to what
extent (if any) such line items and the calculation of the Total Purchase Price set forth in the Closing Statement require adjustment. The Purchaser and the Seller shall each instruct the Accountant not to, and the Accountant shall not, assign a
value to any item in dispute greater than the greatest value for such item assigned by the Seller, on the one hand, or the Purchaser, on the other hand, or less than the smallest value for such item assigned by the Seller, on the one hand, or the
Purchaser, on the other hand, in the Closing Statement or any notice of disagreement contemplated by this Section 3.2(c). The fees and expenses of the Accountant shall be paid by the Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Seller, on the other
hand, in inverse proportion to the manner in which such Person prevails on the items resolved by the Accountant, which proportionate allocation shall be calculated on an aggregate basis based on the relative U.S. dollar values of the amounts in
dispute and shall be computed by the Accountant at the time its determination of the items in dispute is rendered. For example, should the items in dispute total an amount equal to $1,000 and the Accountant awards $600 in favor of the
Purchasers position, 60% of the costs and expenses of the Accountant would be borne by the Seller and 40% would be borne by the Purchaser. The determination of the Accountant shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Parties (absent fraud
or manifest error). The date on which the calculation of the Total Purchase Price is finally determined in accordance with this Section 3.2(c) is hereinafter referred to as the Determination Date. 

(d) 

Within five (5) Business Days of the Determination Date a purchase price adjustment payment shall become
due and shall be made to the relevant creditor(s) as follows: 

(i) 

If and to the extent the Total Purchase Price, as finally determined pursuant to Section 3.2(c), exceeds
the Estimated Purchase Price, the Purchaser shall pay to the Seller (or one or more Retained Companies designated by the Seller), any difference between the Total Purchase Price and the Estimated Purchase Price in cash in immediately available funds
by wire transfer to the Sellers Account or to an account or accounts designated by the Seller by written notice to the Purchaser; or 

(ii) 

If and to the extent the Total Purchase Price, as finally determined pursuant to Section 3.2(c), falls
short of the Estimated Purchase Price, the Seller shall pay to the Purchaser any such deficit between the Estimated Purchase Price and the Total Purchase Price in cash in immediately available funds by wire transfer to the bank account(s) to be
designated by the Purchaser by written notice to the Seller. 

26 

3.3 

No VAT-Option

(a) 

The Parties have the joint understanding that no VAT shall become payable with respect to the signing and/or
consummation of this Agreement or any parts thereof. 

(b) 

The Seller hereby irrevocably waives any potential rights to exercise an option pursuant to section 9 of the
UStG or similar provisions under foreign Laws. 

(c) 

If and to the extent the sale of the Sold Shares is subject to VAT for other reasons than the exercise of an
option by the Seller and no reverse charge applies, the Total Purchase Price shall be deemed exclusive of such VAT and the Purchaser shall pay this VAT in addition to the Total Purchase Price, provided that the Purchaser has received from the
Seller respective invoices that are each compliant with all applicable Laws. 

3.4 

Withholding 

The payments by the Purchaser pursuant to this Section 3 shall be made in full without deduction or withholding of or in respect of any
Tax. If and to the extent the Purchaser is required to withhold any Tax on any payment of the Total Purchase Price allocable to the Seller by order of a competent Tax Authority, pursuant to 50a para. 7 of the German Income Tax Code
(Einkommensteuergesetz) , the Purchaser shall withhold and remit such amount to the competent Tax Authority. Any withholding and remittance of withholding tax pursuant to this Section 3.4 shall be deemed a payment of any such amount and
no gross-up to Taxes shall be made. The Purchaser shall promptly notify the Seller in writing upon receiving any such withholding order and shall, upon written request and on cost of the Seller take all
reasonable actions (including filing appeals) to reduce such withholding and, in case such withholding order remains binding, provide the Seller with a tax certificate, if required and applicable. 

3.5 

Treatment of Payments 

The Parties agree that payment made under this Agreement (other than the Estimated Purchase Price pursuant to Section 8.2(e)), in
particular any payment pursuant to Sections 11 and 12, as well as any restitution in kind provided under this Agreement shall be treated by the Parties as an adjustment of the Total Purchase Price, i.e., an increase or a reduction of the
Total Purchase Price and, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, shall be treated by the Parties as such also for Tax purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing does not affect the content of the definition Total Purchase Price nor the
amount of any cap (be it the W&I Cap, the overall cap pursuant to Section 11.6(f) or the Special Tax Cap). 

4. 

PRE-CLOSING COVENANTS 

4.1 

Conduct of Business in the Pre-Closing Period

During the Pre-Closing Period, except as (i) disclosed in
Annex 4.1, (ii) approved by the Purchaser (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed), (iii) otherwise provided for or permitted in this Agreement, or
(iv) required by applicable Law the Seller shall use its shareholders right to direct the Company to and to procure the Group Companies to conduct their business in the ordinary course of business, in particular the Seller shall not take,
and shall use its shareholders right to direct the Company not to take and to procure that none of the Group Companies takes, any of the following measures or actions: 

27 

(a) 

sell, transfer, create any encumbrance on, or otherwise dispose of, or grant any right to acquire, the Sold
Shares or any Group Shares or enter into any commitment with respect to any of the foregoing, in each case, other than Permitted Liens; 

(b) 

subscribe for new shares, or options for new shares, in any Group Company or any other Person;

(c) 

change or amend the articles of association of a Group Company; 

(d) 

the increase or decrease of the issued share capital of a Group Company; 

(e) 

the granting of other participation rights in a Group Company or its business; 

(f) 

the repurchase (Erwerb eigener Anteile) or redemption (Einziehung) of shares in a Group Company;

(g) 

the adoption, termination or amendment of any enterprise agreement (Unternehmensvertrag) within the
meaning of 291, 292 AktG with a Group Company; 

(h) 

the merger, spin-off,split-off, conversion or any other measure under the UmwG with respect to a Group Company other than pursuant to existing contracts as listed in Annex 4.1; 

(i) 

adopt a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution of any Group Company;

(j) 

enter into any transactions, in particular any agreements, with the Seller or any Seller Related Party, except
(A) in the ordinary course of business in all material respects, consistent with past practice, or on arms length basis, (B) pursuant to or in connection with existing agreements as listed in Annex 4.1 (or agreements
entered into after the date hereof in accordance with the terms hereunder), or (C) pursuant to or in connection with the ABL Credit Facility or any documentation entered into in connection therewith, or any amendments or modifications thereto;

(k) 

divest any shareholding or material assets of a Group Company, except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice; 

(l) 

conclude, change or withdraw from any consortium or joint venture material to the business of any Group
Company; 

(m) 

enter into any future commodities transactions for the 2026 period except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice within reasonable parameters; 

(n) 

create or otherwise incur any encumbrance on any asset of the Group Companies, other than Permitted Liens;

(o) 

have any Group Company make any loans or capital contributions to, or investments in, any Person, in each case,
other than (A) loans or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Group Company and (B) in the ordinary course of business in all material respects, consistent with past practice in all material respects, or on arms
length basis; 

28 

(p) 

incur or guarantee any Indebtedness or Liabilities in excess of $100,000 (in words: one hundred thousand US
dollars) other than (A) indebtedness incurred from any other Group Company or incurred in the ordinary course of business and on arms-length (or better) terms, (B) any Indebtedness or other
Liabilities existing (or incurred pursuant to agreements existing) as of the date hereof, including (but not limited to) in connection with the ABL Credit Facility, (C) Permitted Liens, and (D) intercompany balances to be eliminated or
otherwise settled at or prior to the Closing in accordance with Section 4.6; 

(q) 

make any change in any method of financial accounting or financial accounting practice of the Group Companies,
except for any such change required by reason of a change in Accounting Principles or other applicable financial accounting standards; 

(r) 

settle any claim involving the Group Companies, other than in the ordinary course of business;

(s) 

amend or otherwise modify or terminate (excluding any expiration in accordance with its terms) any Material
Agreement, other than any amendment or modification entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice on arms-length basis or containing terms, taken as a whole, not
materially less favorable to the Group Companies than the terms of such Material Agreement in effect as of the Signing Date (for the avoidance of doubt, this clause (s) shall not restrict any amendments, modifications or terminations of the ABL
Credit Facility or any documentation entered into in connection therewith); 

(t) 

conclude, change or withdraw from any employment or service agreements other than required by applicable Law,
the terms of any Employee Plan or the terms of any such employment or service agreement in effect as of the Signing Date or implemented thereafter in compliance with this Agreement, with any Group Company Employee with an annual base salary that
exceeds $100,000 (other than terminations for cause or misconduct); 

(u) 

renew the term of any lease agreement of (A) a loss-making store lease; (B) a profit making store
lease; or (C) any office or warehouse lease, or enter into any new lease agreement of any kind, in each case with the effect that the term thereof extends beyond 31 December 2025, or which cannot be canceled without penalty before
31 December 2025; in case of clause (B) however, other than any such agreement or contract for which Seller has consulted with and considered the feedback of Purchaser with respect to such renewal; 

(v) 

renew the term of, or enter into any new, material distribution agreement, material wholesale agreement (other
than the China Distribution Agreements as defined below), or any senior management employment contract, in each case with the effect that the term thereof extends beyond 31 December 2025, or which cannot be canceled without penalty before
31 December 2025; 

(w) 

if not required by applicable Law, make or change any Tax election, change any annual Tax accounting period,
enter into any closing agreement with a Tax Authority with respect to Taxes or settle any Tax claim, Tax audit or Tax proceeding, in each case, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and on arms-length basis; 

29 

(x) 

except as required pursuant to applicable Law or the terms of any Employee Plan, as applicable, or as
undertaken in the ordinary course of business, (A) increase the annual compensation payable to any Group Company Employee with an annual base salary that exceeds $100,000 by 15% or more, or (B) adopt or amend any Collective Bargaining
Agreement or recognize any labor union or other labor organization as the bargaining representative for any Group Company Employee, in each case, other than as provided under the terms of a Collective Bargaining Agreement in effect on the Signing
Date; or 

(y) 

enter into any commitment with respect to any of the foregoing. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller shall be permitted to (A) settle intercompany balances and accounts payable between any Group
Company, on the one hand, and the Retained Companies, on the other hand, and make capital increases in connection therewith, (B) take any and all actions in furtherance of this Agreement, and (C) cause each Group Company to pay any Tax
obligation as they become due or make any estimated Tax payments with respect thereto. Nothing contained in this Section 4.1 shall be construed as an obligation of the Purchaser to actively manage the business of the Seller or the Group
Companies and all obligations of the Seller contained in this Section 4.1 shall be subject to, and restricted by, the limitations of applicable Law. The Parties are in agreement and acknowledge that nothing contained in Section 4.1 shall
restrict any Seller Related Party to take all actions necessary or appropriate to execute or consummate the Transaction. 

4.2 

Information and Cooperation during the Pre-Closing Period

(a) 

Subject to confidentiality obligations and similar restrictions that may be applicable to information furnished
to any Seller Related Party by third parties that may be in Seller Related Partys possession from time to time, during the Pre-Closing Period, the Seller shall, and shall cause other Seller Related
Parties to (in each case, only to the extent necessary to the Purchasers transition planning for the business of the Group Companies), 

(i) 

give the Purchaser and its Representatives reasonable access to the properties, books, contracts, Tax Returns
and records of the Group Companies, 

(ii) 

furnish to the Purchaser and its Representatives such financial and operating data and other information
relating exclusively to the Group Companies as such Persons may reasonably request, and 

(iii) 

cause the appropriate executive officers of the Seller Related Parties to cooperate with the Purchaser in its
investigation of the Group Companies. 

(b) 

Any investigation pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall be conducted, 

(i) 

in accordance with applicable Laws, 

(ii) 

during normal business hours, 

(iii) 

in such manner as not to interfere with the normal conduct of the Group Companies or any of the Retained
Companies, 

30 

(iv) 

subject to restrictions applicable to the Leased Real Property, if any, and 

(v) 

at the Purchasers sole cost and expense. 

(c) 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, 

(i) 

the Purchaser shall not have access to: 

(A) 

personnel records of the Group Company Employees relating to individual performance or evaluation records,
medical histories or other information that in Sellers opinion (in its sole discretion) is sensitive or the disclosure of which could subject Seller or any of its Subsidiaries to risk of Liability, 

(B) 

any real property owned or leased by Seller or its Subsidiaries for purposes of conducting any environmental
sampling or testing, or 

(C) 

any information to the extent relating to any Tax Return or record of any of the Retained Companies, and

(ii) 

The Seller and its Subsidiaries may withhold: 

(A) 

any information relating to the sale process for the Group Companies and information and analysis (including
financial analysis) relating thereto, and 

(B) 

any document or information, as and to the extent necessary to avoid violation or waiver, if the disclosure of
such document or information could reasonably be expected to violate any contract or any applicable Law; 

providedthat, to the extent practicable and in accordance with such contract or applicable Law, and in a manner that does not
result in the waiver of any legal privilege, the Seller Related Parties shall make reasonable and appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements under circumstances in which the restrictions of the foregoing subclause (B) apply. The Seller
shall have the right to have its Representative present at all times during any such inspections, interviews and examinations. The Purchaser shall hold in confidence all such information on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the
Confidentiality Agreement. 

4.3 

Release Documentation 

(a) 

Existing Bank Financing. Inter alia, (i) the Company as guarantor, (ii) SKYRAGER GmbH
as guarantor, (iii) Jack Wolfskin Retail GmbH as guarantor, and (ii) Jack Wolfskin Ausrstung fr Draussen GmbH & Co. KGaA as borrower and guarantor are parties to the ABL Credit Facility. 

(b) 

Release Documentation. Prior to or on the Agreed Closing Date, the Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser
customary release documentation, reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, evidencing that, subject to any statutory Law notarization, filing or (de-)registration requirements or waiting periods, Indebtedness
of, and guarantees and 

31 

security interests granted by or against, the Company, SKYRAGER GmbH, Jack Wolfskin Retail GmbH, and Jack Wolfskin Ausrstung fr Draussen GmbH & Co. KGaA, in each case, under
the ABL Credit Facility, shall be released, terminated and/or retransferred, as applicable, upon the consummation of the Closing (the Release Documentation). The Purchaser undertakes to (i) take all reasonable actions, and to
provide all reasonable information, as reasonably required or expedient in order to enable the Seller to deliver the Release Documentation, and (ii) make available the funds as required to settle all outstanding amounts as defined in the
Release Documentation. 

4.4 

Shared Contracts 

(a) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Shared Contracts and any rights or obligations thereunder
shall not be deemed to be assets of the Group Companies. The Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shared Contracts set forth in Annex 4.4(Mirrored Shared Contracts) to be replaced
with separate contracts that provide that the Seller (with respect to the Retained Companies) and the Purchaser (with respect to the Group Companies) receive only such rights and obligations under a replacement contract as are substantially similar
to those contract rights and obligations used by it (or, in the case of the Purchaser, used by the Seller with respect to the Group Companies) in the conduct of its business immediately prior to the Closing Date. The Parties agree to cooperate and
provide each other with reasonable assistance in effecting such separation of such Mirrored Shared Contracts for a period of six months following the Closing Date. 

(b) 

The Purchaser shall be solely responsible for any additional Purchaser-related costs or fees arising from and
under a replacement contract, in connection with the separation of a Mirrored Shared Contract, or in connection with any arrangement described in this Section 4.4. Until any such Mirrored Shared Contract is separated, to the extent permissible
under Law and the terms of such Mirrored Shared Contract, each of the Parties shall (i) assume and perform the Liabilities and obligations under such Mirrored Shared Contract relating to its respective business or that of its Affiliates (and
shall promptly reimburse the other Party for any reasonable expenses relating thereto incurred by the other Party or its Affiliates), (ii) hold in trust for the benefit of the other Party, and shall promptly forward to the other Party, any monies or
other benefits received pursuant to such Mirrored Shared Contract relating to the business of the other Party or its Affiliates and (iii) endeavor to institute alternative arrangements intended to put the Parties in substantially the same
economic position as if such Mirrored Shared Contract were separated as of the Closing Date; provided,however, that if the Parties are not able to effect the separation of any Mirrored Shared Contract within six months after
the Closing Date, then Seller and its Affiliates shall have no further obligation to the Purchaser or its Affiliates with respect thereto and may freely terminate such Mirrored Shared Contract. The Purchaser shall be solely responsible for replacing
any Mirrored Shared Contracts not separated or transitioned hereunder. 

(c) 

With respect to Liabilities pursuant to, under or relating to a given Mirrored Shared Contract
(Mirrored Shared Contractual Liabilities), such Mirrored Shared Contractual Liabilities shall, unless otherwise allocated pursuant to this Agreement or other Transaction Document, be allocated between the Seller, on the one hand,
and the Purchaser, on the other hand, as follows: 

32 

(i) 

first, to the extent a Mirrored Shared Contractual Liability is incurred exclusively in respect of a
benefit received by the Retained Companies or the Group Companies, such Liability shall constitute a Liability of the Seller or Liability of the Purchaser, respectively; and 

(ii) 

second, to the extent a Mirrored Shared Contractual Liability cannot be so allocated under paragraph
(i) above, such Liability shall be allocated to the Seller, on the one hand, and to the Purchaser, on the other hand, as the case may be, based on the relative proportion of total benefits received ((A) to the extent the Liabilities relate to a
specific period, over such period and (B) otherwise over the term of the Mirrored Shared Contract, measured up to the date of the allocation) by the Retained Companies, on the one hand, or the Group Companies, on the other hand, under the
relevant Mirrored Shared Contract. 

(d) 

If the Seller, on the one hand, or the Purchaser, on the other hand, receives any benefit or payment under any
Mirrored Shared Contract which was intended for the other Party, the Parties will use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to deliver, transfer or otherwise afford such benefit or payment to the other Party. 

4.5 

Release of Group Company Guarantees 

(a) 

The Purchaser shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain from the respective beneficiary, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Seller, on or before the Closing Date, valid and binding written unconditional releases of the Seller Related Parties, as applicable, from any Liability, whether arising before, on or after the Closing Date,
under any Group Company Guarantees, which shall be effective as of the Closing, including by furnishing letters of credit, instituting escrow arrangements, posting surety or performance bonds or making other arrangements as the counterparty may
reasonably request. 

(b) 

If a Seller Related Party has not been fully and unconditionally released as of the Closing, then after the
Closing Date: (i) the Purchaser and the Seller shall cooperate and use their respective reasonable best efforts to terminate, or, if the Parties are unable to so terminate, cause the Purchaser or one of its Affiliates to be substituted in all
respects for any Seller Related Party in respect of, all obligations under such Group Company Guarantees, (ii) the Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the relevant Seller Related Party and their respective stockholders or
representatives for any damages arising from or relating to such Group Company Guarantees, including any claim or demand for payment made on any Seller Related Party under, and any fees in connection with the issuance and maintenance of, any letters
of credit or surety or performance bonds (in each case, if applicable, in proportion to the amount relating to the Group Companies relative to any amount not relating to the Group Companies), (iii) the Purchaser shall not permit any of the Group
Companies to (A) renew or extend the term of, (B) increase or otherwise modify (other than terminate or limit) any obligations under, (C) transfer to another third party or (D) amend in any manner, except as contemplated pursuant
to clause (i) above or otherwise required by this Agreement, any loan, contract or other obligation for which any Seller Related Party is, or would reasonably be expected to be, liable under such Group Company Guarantee. To the extent that the
Seller Related Parties have performance obligations 

33 

under any Group Company Guarantee after the Closing Date, the Purchaser will use best efforts to (x) perform such obligations on behalf of the relevant Seller Related Party or
(y) otherwise take such action as reasonably requested by the Seller so as to put the Seller Related Parties in the same position as if the Purchaser, and not a Seller Related Party, had performed or were performing such obligations.

(c) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Parties acknowledge and agree that at any time on or after
the Closing Date, (i) each Seller Related Party may, in its sole discretion, take any action to terminate, obtain release of or otherwise limit its Liability under any and all outstanding Group Company Guarantees and (ii) none of the
Seller Related Parties will have any obligation to renew any letters of credit or surety or performance bonds issued on behalf of any Group Company after the expiration of any such letters of credit or surety or performance bonds.

4.6 

Intercompany Balances; Affiliate Transactions. 

(a) 

Except as set forth in Annex 4.6-1 all intercompany
balances (excluding any trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business) between any of the Group Companies, on the one hand, and any Seller Related Party, on the other hand, shall be eliminated by discharge or otherwise in their entirety
effective at or prior to the Closing. 

(b) 

Except for the Transaction Documents, contracts relating to the Retained Companies or the contracts set forth
in Annex 4.6-2, on or prior to the Closing, Seller shall take all actions necessary to cause any and all contracts between any Seller Related Party, on the one hand, and any Group Company, on the
other hand, to have been terminated without any continuing obligation of any Group Company. 

4.7 

Cooperation with Equity Financing 

(a) 

The Purchaser agrees to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary or advisable to arrange the Equity Financing as promptly as practicable following the Signing Date and to consummate the Equity Financing on the Closing Date. Such actions shall include, but not be limited to, the following:

(i) 

maintaining in effect and not cancelling any commitments under the Equity Commitment Letter;

(ii) 

causing the full amount of the Equity Financing to be consummated upon satisfaction of the Financing Conditions
contained in the Equity Commitment Letter; 

(iii) 

upon the request of the Seller, the Purchaser will confirm (A) with its financing sources their intent and
ability to perform, and the availability of the Financing, under the Equity Commitment Letter, subject only to satisfaction or waiver of the Financing Conditions, and (B) that neither it nor its financing sources are aware of any event or
condition that could reasonably be expected to result in the failure of a Financing Condition; and 

(iv) 

enforcing its rights under or with respect to the Equity Financing, including by seeking to cause the other
parties thereto to fulfill their obligations under the Equity Commitment Letter (including by seeking damages or taking other enforcement actions, including seeking an order of specific performance). 

34 

(b) 

Prior to the Closing, the Purchaser shall not, without the prior written consent of the Seller, agree to, or
permit, any amendment, restatement, replacement, supplement, or other modification of, or waiver or consent under, the Equity Commitment Letter or other documentation relating to the Equity Financing that would, 

(i) 

reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Purchasers ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated to occur under this Agreement on the Closing Date; 

(ii) 

reduce the aggregate amount of the Equity Financing; 

(iii) 

impose new or additional conditions or expand upon (or amend or modify in any manner) the conditions precedent
to the Equity Financing as set forth in the Equity Commitment Letter; or 

(iv) 

reasonably be expected to prevent, delay, impeded or impair the Closing. 

The Purchaser shall promptly deliver to the Seller copies of any such amendment, restatement, amendment and restatement, replacement,
supplement, modification, waiver or consent. 

(c) 

Neither the Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates shall take any action that could reasonably be expected to
materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Equity Financing. 

(d) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing in this Section 4.7 shall (i) require funding of
any equity financing other than the Equity Financing, or (ii) the payment of fees in connection with the Equity Financing in excess of the amounts contemplated by the Equity Commitment Letter. 

4.8 

Undercapitalization JW France 

Prior to the Agreed Closing Date, the Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take such actions set forth on Annex
4.8, in order to evidence that Jack Wolfskin France Retail Sarl has restored its net equity to at least half of its share capital and is otherwise in compliance with the applicable Law in all material respects in this regard. 

4.9 

Invention Patent 

Prior to or on the Agreed Closing Date the Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Purchaser with documentation
reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, evidencing that the applicant of the invention patent applications set forth in Annex 4.9 have been changed to Group Companies. 

4.10 

China Distribution Agreement 

The Seller shall not and shall procure that no Group Company will prolong, extend, renew or enter into any new contract, in each case with the
effect that term of a China Distribution Agreement exceeds 31 December 2025, or which cannot be canceled without penalty before 31 December 2025. 

35 

Prior to the Closing, the Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to the
Purchaser copies of all China Distribution Agreements indicating which such China Distribution Agreements, if any, are not in form and substance materially consistent with the similar agreements entered into by the Group Companies in the calendar
year 2024. 

For purposes of this Section 4.10, a China Distribution Agreement is an effective agreement entered
into by and between any Group Company with any distributor or wholesaler in relation to any distribution, wholesale or other business activities in the PRC. 

5. 

EMPLOYEE MATTERS 

5.1 

Employee Communications and Consultation 

(a) 

Prior to the Closing, the Purchaser shall provide the Seller with advance copies of, and a reasonable
opportunity (but in no event less than five (5) Business Days) to comment on and approve (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), all communications (in whatever form) to any Group Company Employee to be distributed prior to the
Closing regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether relating to employee benefits, post-Closing terms of employment or otherwise). In addition, the Purchaser shall provide all information reasonably requested by the Seller, in
order to permit the Seller to communicate the circumstances of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to any Group Companys works council. 

(b) 

Prior to Closing, the Seller shall carry out any communication and consultation process with employee
representative bodies of the Group Companies including with any works council in each case as required by applicable law. The Purchaser shall provide all information to the Seller upon reasonable request, in order to permit such communication of the
circumstances of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to any Group Companys works council. The Seller shall provide the Purchaser with advance copies of any written communication to employee representative bodies of the Group
Companies to be distributed prior to the Closing and shall consider comments from the Purchaser to such written communications in good faith. 

5.2 

Cash Incentive Payments 

To the extent unpaid as of the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall, or shall cause the Group Companies to, pay bonuses to the Continuing
Employees under each Group Company Plan that is a cash incentive plan (the Cash Incentive Plans),with respect to the performance period in effect on the Closing Date, in each case, in accordance with the terms and
conditions applicable to such Cash Incentive Plans and in the amounts determined in accordance with such Cash Incentive Plans; provided, however, that in no event shall the amount of such bonuses be less than the amounts accrued under
such Cash Incentive Plans at Closing. Payment of such bonuses pursuant to the Cash Incentive Plans shall be paid by the Purchaser or any Group Company at the time or times that such payments would normally be paid by the Seller or the applicable
Group Company, but in all events within 60 days following the end of the applicable performance period relating to the Cash Incentive Plan in accordance with all terms and conditions applicable to such Cash Incentive Plan. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Parties acknowledge and agree that any payments and liabilities under the Cash Incentive Plans until the Closing Date, to the extent unpaid as of the Closing Date, are to be economically borne by the Seller as an item of Indebtedness
hereunder (to the extent not included in the calculation of Net Working Capital). 

36 

5.3 

Service Credit 

With respect to each Continuing Employee, effective from and after the Closing, the Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Affiliates (including,
following the Closing, the Group Companies) to, (a) recognize, for all purposes (other than benefit accrual under a defined benefit pension plan) under all plans, programs and arrangements established or maintained by the Purchaser or its
Affiliates (including, following the Closing, the Group Companies) for the benefit of such Continuing Employees (the Purchaser Plans) service with the Group Companies prior to the Closing to the extent such service was recognized
under the corresponding Employee Plan covering such Continuing Employee, including for purposes of eligibility, vesting and benefit levels and accruals, in each case, except where it would result in a duplication of benefits, (b) waive any pre-existing condition exclusion, actively-at-work requirement or waiting period under all Purchaser Plans, except to the extent such pre-existing condition, exclusion, requirement or waiting period would have applied to such individual under the corresponding Employee Plan covering such Continuing Employee and (c) provide full credit for any
co-payments, deductibles or similar payments made or incurred by a Continuing Employees under a corresponding Employee Plan covering such Continuing Employee prior to the Closing for the plan year in which the
Closing occurs. 

5.4 

Third-Party Rights 

Other than as set forth in Section 19.8, the provisions contained in this Agreement with respect to any Group Company Employee are
included for the sole benefit of the Parties and shall not create any right in any other Person, including any Group Company Employee or other current or former service providers of the Seller Related Parties (or dependent or beneficiary of any of
the foregoing). Nothing herein shall be deemed an amendment to or creation of any plan providing benefits to any Group Company Employee or other current or former service providers of the Seller Related Parties (or dependent or beneficiary of any of
the foregoing) (including but not limited to any Purchaser Plan or Employee Plan) or shall be deemed to prohibit or any member of the Purchaser Group from (i) terminating, reassigning, promoting or demoting any Continuing Employee following the
Closing or (ii) changing (or causing the change of) the title, powers, duties, responsibilities, functions, locations, salaries, other compensation or terms or conditions of employment or service of any such service providers at any time
following the Closing. In addition, the provisions contained in this Agreement shall not, and shall not be deemed so as obligate any member of the Purchaser Group to adopt or maintain any particular plan or program or other compensatory or benefits
arrangement at any time or prevent any member of the Purchaser Group from modifying or terminating any such plan, program or other compensatory or benefits arrangement at any time. 

6. 

CLOSING CONDITION; CLEARANCES 

6.1 

Closing Conditions 

The obligation of the Seller and the Purchaser in respect of the performance of the Closing Actions provided in Section 8.2 to be
performed by such respective Party is conditional upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (aufschiebende Bedingungen) (the Closing Conditions): 

37 

(a) 

the Transaction has been approved, or is deemed to have been approved, by all merger control authorities set
out in Annex 6.1(a)-1, and all foreign investment control authorities set out inAnnex 6.1(a)-2, or
the prohibition to complete the Transaction has otherwise fallen away (the Regulatory Closing Condition); 

(b) 

no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since the Signing Date and be continuing; and

(c) 

no Law enacted, entered, promulgated or issued after the Signing Date by any Administrative Authority of
competent jurisdiction shall be in effect restraining, enjoining or prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Neither the Purchaser nor the Seller may rely on the failure of any Closing Condition to be satisfied if such failure was primarily caused by
the failure of the Purchaser, on the one hand, or the Seller, on the other hand, respectively, to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. 

6.2 

Filings and Clearances 

Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, take all steps necessary to ensure that the satisfaction of the Regulatory Closing
Condition (the Clearances) is obtained as soon as possible after the Signing Date and that each other Party is kept fully informed of the status of the relevant proceedings before the competent Administrative Authorities and the
corresponding filings to such Administrative Authorities (Filings). In particular, each Party undertakes to cooperate with the other Party in providing all reasonably required information without undue delay
(unverzglich) and to assist in the Filings. The Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to: 

(a) 

ensure that all required Filings are made within five (5) Business Days after the Signing Date (unless
applicable Law requires an earlier filing); 

(b) 

reasonably in advance of submitting any Filing or any subsequent material written or oral submission, agree
with the Seller on the contents of such Filing and submission, and promptly provide to Seller copies of all final submitted Filings or subsequent material written submissions, it being understood that any confidential information and business
secrets shall be made available on a counsel-to-counsel basis only; 

(c) 

provide Seller the opportunity, on reasonable advance notice, to participate in any substantive meetings or
discussions, either in person or by videoconference or telephone, with any Administrative Authority in connection with the Transaction; 

(d) 

not without the prior written approval of the Seller agree with any competent Administrative Authorities on any
suspension, or the extension of any suspension, of the statutory waiting periods; 

(e) 

take, or cause to be taken, all steps (including any remedies, conditions or undertakings) which are necessary
for the fulfillment of any requirements of the competent Administrative Authorities, the receipt of the Clearances or the satisfaction of the Regulatory Closing Condition, in particular, 

38 

(i) 

propose to the competent Administrative Authorities within the time limits required by applicable Law and the
competent Administrative Authorities all commercially reasonable remedies with respect to the Group Companies necessary to alleviate potential concerns engendered by the Transaction and obtain the Clearances, and commit itself to accepting and
implementing such remedies with respect to the Group Companies vis--vis the competent Administrative Authorities, to facilitate the
completion of the Transaction as soon as possible; and 

(ii) 

before proposing such remedies to the competent Administrative Authorities, reveal the remedies to be proposed
to the Seller, allowing the Seller to assess the remedies impact on any potential concern the competent Administrative Authorities may have in regard to the Transaction and take into account Sellers reasonable comments with respect
thereto; and 

(f) 

not, and not allow its Affiliates to, acquire or agree to acquire equity or assets of, or other interests in,
or merge or consolidate with (or agree to merge or consolidate with), any corporation, partnership, association or other Person, or any business unit, division, subsidiary, assets or other portion thereof, if such action could reasonably be expected
to (i) increase the risk of any Administrative Authority seeking, entering, promulgating, enacting or enforcing a Law prohibiting the consummation of the Transaction, (ii) increase the risk of not being able to remove any such Law on
appeal or otherwise, (iii) delay the receipt of the Clearances and the satisfaction of the Regulatory Closing Condition or (iv) otherwise prevent or delay the consummation of the Transaction. 

7. 

TERMINATION 

7.1 

Termination Events 

This Agreement can be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby abandoned with immediate effect for all Parties at any time prior to
the Closing: 

(a) 

by mutual written consent of the Purchaser and the Seller; or 

(b) 

by the Seller by way of notice to the Purchaser: 

(i) 

if the Closing has not occurred, by December 31, 2025 (the Longstop Date);

(ii) 

if any Administrative Authority having competent jurisdiction has issued a final, non-appealable order, injunction, judgment or decision, or enacted, promulgated or enforced a Law, that is in force, in each case, permanently enjoining, prohibiting, preventing or making unlawful the Transaction;
or 

(iii) 

if all or some of the Closing Actions that have become due to be taken by the Purchaser have neither been taken
by the Purchaser (in accordance with Section 8.2) nor waived by the Seller until the third (3rd) Business Days after the day on which they became due to be taken, and the Seller is otherwise
prepared to consummate the Closing; 

39 

(c) 

by the Purchaser by way of notice to the Seller: 

(i) 

if the Closing has not occurred, by the Longstop Date; 

(ii) 

if any Administrative Authority having competent jurisdiction has issued a final, non-appealable order, injunction, judgment or decision, or enacted, promulgated or enforced a Law, that is in force, in each case, permanently enjoining, prohibiting, preventing or making unlawful the Transaction;
or 

(iii) 

if all or some of the Closing Actions that have become due to be taken by the Seller have neither been taken by
the Seller (in accordance with Section 8.2) nor waived by the Purchaser until the third (3rd) Business Days after the day on which they became due to be taken, and the Purchaser is otherwise
prepared to consummate the Closing; 

provided, in any event, that no Party shall be entitled to terminate this
Agreement unilaterally on the basis of this Section 7.1 whose failure to comply with any covenant or obligation (including in respect of the performance of a Closing Action) pursuant to this Agreement was the primary cause of the non-satisfaction of a Closing Condition or the failure of the Closing or a Closing Action to occur. 

7.2 

Effect of Termination 

In case of a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, 

(a) 

no Party shall have any continuing obligations towards any other Party under this Agreement, other than
obligations under Sections 16 (Confidentiality; Press Release; Virtual Data Room), 17 (Costs and Taxes), 18 (Notices), 19 (Miscellaneous Provisions) and 20 (Governing Law; Arbitration) (collectively, the Surviving Provisions),
which shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect together with any definitions contained in other provisions of this Agreement and referenced/used therein; 

(b) 

Closing Actions already performed at the time of the termination of the Agreement (if any) shall be reversed;
and 

(c) 

no Party shall have any rights or claims against any other Party other than (i) claims under this
Section 7, (ii) claims for any intentional and willful breaches of this Agreement which occurred prior to the termination, and (iii) claims, if any, under the Surviving Provisions, any such claims to survive the termination of this
Agreement. 

8. 

CLOSING MATTERS 

8.1 

Agreed Closing Date; Place and Time of Closing Actions 

On the Agreed Closing Date, at 9:00 a.m. (CE(S)T), the Parties shall meet at the offices of, Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP in Munich, or
the Parties shall meet at such date, time, and/or place or virtually as the Purchaser and the Seller may otherwise mutually agree upon in writing (including by email), and shall thereupon promptly take the Closing Actions as provided for
hereinafter. 

40 

8.2 

Closing Actions 

On the Agreed Closing Date, the Seller and the Purchaser shall, in prompt succession, take the following actions (the Closing
Actions) in the sequence as set out below; provided that (i) to the extent a Closing Action operates for the benefit of one or more Parties, such Party/Parties shall (jointly) be entitled to waive the performance, or the
allocated sequence of, such Closing Action (in whole or in part) and (ii) a Party that owes the performance of a Closing Action may elect to perform such Closing Action owed by it prior to the Agreed Closing Date (which election shall not
affect the maturity of any other Closing Actions): 

(a) 

Release Documentation. The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser a copy of the final and, if applicable,
executed Release Documentation. 

(b) 

Bring-Down Certificate. The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser a copy of the executed W&I bring
down certificate in the form as attached hereto as Annex 8.2(b)(the Bring Down Certificate). 

(c) 

Termination/Withdrawal of Board Mandates. The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser copy of executed
documentation, reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, evidencing that the Withdrawing Board Members set forth in Annex 14.4 have been validly removed or resigned from their office with effect as of the Closing.

(d) 

Exoneration and Release. The Seller shall pass a shareholders resolution releasing and exonerating
(entlasten) the managing directors, the Withdrawing Board Members and the other board members of the Company until the Closing Date. 

(e) 

Closing Payments. The Purchaser shall pay the Estimated Purchase Price in accordance with
Section 1.3 to the Sellers Account. 

(f) 

Closing Power of Attorney. The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser a power of attorney substantially
in the form as attached in Annex 8.2(f) granting the Purchaser the right to exercise the Sellers rights as shareholder of the Company after the Closing with respect to the Sold Shares (the Closing Power of
Attorney). 

8.3 

Closing Protocol 

Immediately after all Closing Actions have been carried out, or validly waived by the relevant Party, the Parties shall execute a closing
protocol confirming that (i) the Closing Condition has been satisfied or validly waived and (ii) all Closing Actions have been carried out, or validly waived by the relevant Party, substantially in the form as attached in
Annex 8.3. 

8.4 

Filing of Shareholders List 

Promptly upon occurrence of the Closing, the Seller and the Purchaser shall submit to the acting notary a joint instruction and authorization
to file with the competent commercial register, in accordance with 40 para. 2 GmbHG, an updated shareholders list (Gesellschafterliste) of the Company reflecting the change in the shareholder structure and the Purchaser
being the sole shareholder of the Company as of the Closing Date. 

41 

9. 

SELLERS WARRANTIES 

9.1 

Introductory Part 

(a) 

Except as disclosed in any provision of, or any annex to, this Agreement (in each case regardless of whether
such provision or annex is expressly referenced in a particular paragraph of this Section 9 or not), and subject to the limitations and qualifications provided in this Agreement (and, in particular, in Section 11), the Seller hereby agrees
to be liable pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement (notably Sections 10 and 11 in connection with this Section 9) to the Purchaser by way of an independent promise of guarantee irrespective of fault
(selbstndiges, verschuldensunabhngiges Garantieversprechen) in accordance with 311 para. 1 BGB if and to the extent the statements provided in Section 9.2 through
Section 9.19 (the Statements) are incorrect as of the Signing Date (or such reference date as specifically set forth therein, if any) (an individual set of circumstances (Lebenssachverhalt) rendering a Statement
inaccurate, each a Guarantee Breach), provided, however, that any liability of the Seller shall be subject to the W&I Cap except for Exempted Claims, but then subject to the overall cap pursuant to
Section 11.6(f) and any other limitations or restrictions set out in this Agreement. If, and to the extent that, the same set of circumstances contradicts more than one of the Statements, the Purchaser may only assert claims in respect of the
more specific Statement and only subject to the provisions of this Agreement. 

(b) 

Any statement in the Bring Down Certificate shall not be construed, interpreted or a repetition of any of the
Statements as of the date of the Bring Down Certificate or as of the Closing Date, but only be an information of any facts and circumstances that the Seller became aware after the Signing Date that would render any of the Statements incorrect if the
Statements were made as of the date of the Bring Down Certificate. 

(c) 

The Statements shall neither constitute a quality agreement within the meaning of 434 para. 2
sentence 1 BGB (Beschaffenheitsvereinbarung), nor shall they be construed as a guarantee within the meaning of 443, 444 BGB (Garantie fr die Beschaffenheit der Sache); 442
BGB (but without prejudice to Sections 11.4) 377 HGB shall not apply. 

(d) 

The scope and content of each Statement shall be exclusively defined by the provisions of this Agreement and
shall solely serve as a potential basis for liability as an integral and inseparable part, and subject to the limitations agreed in respect, of the liability concept provided in this Agreement (in particular in connection with Sections 10 and 11).
The disclosure by the Seller of any item, information or other matter in respect of the Statements (i) shall not be deemed to constitute an acknowledgement by the Seller that such item, information or other matter is material, (ii) is not
intended to broaden or constitute, and shall not be construed as broadening or constituting, the Statements except as and to the extent provided in this Agreement, and (iii) shall be deemed to have been disclosed in or with respect to such
other Statements if its relevance to such other Statement or Statements is reasonably apparent. 

9.2 

Sold Shares; No Seller Insolvency; Authority; No Retained Business Assets 

The Statements in this Section 9.2 are agreed to refer to the Signing Date and to the Closing Date. 

42 

(a) 

Existence. The Seller is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of Delaware
and has the organizational power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted. 

(b) 

Sold Shares. The statements set forth in Recital B and Annex B are complete and correct.
The Sold Shares validly exist, are fully paid up, have not been repaid and are not subject to any contribution obligation (Nachschusspflicht), and are free and clear of rights of third parties, except for Permitted Liens. The Seller is the
legal and beneficial owner, and is entitled freely to dispose (subject only to applicable Law), of the Sold Shares. No option, pre-emptive right or other right of any third party to acquire the Sold Shares
exists as a result of the Transaction or otherwise. No trust agreement, silent participation or sub-participation exists with respect to the Sold Shares. 

(c) 

No Seller Insolvency. No bankruptcy, insolvency or judicial composition proceedings have been commenced
or, applied for under any applicable Law against the Seller, nor is the Seller compelled under any applicable Law to apply for the commencement of such proceedings as a result of it being over-indebted (berschuldet) or illiquid
(zahlungsunfhig). 

(d) 

Authority. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed by the Seller and constitutes, and the
other Transaction Documents to which the Seller will be a party when duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller will constitute, assuming due and valid authorization, execution by the other parties thereto, the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Seller, enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms and conditions, except to the extent that enforcement of the rights and remedies created hereby and thereby may be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
conveyance, reorganization or moratorium Laws, other similar Laws affecting creditors rights and general principles of equity affecting the availability of specific performance and other equitable remedies (collectively, the
Enforceability Exceptions). The Seller has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transactions Documents to which the Seller will be a party, and to perform its respective
obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transaction. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been, and in the case of any Transaction Documents to be delivered by the Seller at or prior to the Closing, will
be, been duly and validly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of each such Seller. Assuming compliance with any applicable requirements under merger control Laws or any other regulatory requirements, the execution and
performance of this Agreement by the Seller require no approval or consent by any Administrative Authority and do not violate any applicable Laws binding on the Seller, in each case, in any material respects. 

9.3 

Establishment and Corporate Power; Corporate Information; Group Shares 

(a) 

Establishment and Corporate Power. Each Group Company (i) has been duly formed or organized, and
validly exists, under the Law of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and (ii) has the organizational power to own, lease and operate its respective assets or properties and to carry on its respective business as
presently conducted. Where applicable, the statutory provisions and case law requirements regarding economical re-establishment of companies (wirtschaftliche Neugrndung) were at all
times complied with by the Company. 

43 

(b) 

Corporate Information. 

(i) 

The statements made in Recital A in respect of the Company are correct. 

(ii) 

The corporate information in relation to the Subsidiaries provided in Annex C is correct.

(c) 

Group Shares. Except as disclosed in Annex 9.3(c) (A) each respective Group Company
identified in Annex C as a holder of Group Shares is the legal and beneficial owner, and is entitled to freely dispose (subject only to applicable Law), of such respective Group Shares, (B) the Group Shares validly exist, are
fully paid up, have not been repaid and are not subject to any contribution obligation (Nachschusspflicht), and are free and clear of rights of third parties except for Permitted Liens and (C) no option,
pre-emptive right or other right of any third party to acquire any Group Shares from any Group Company exists as a result of the Transaction or otherwise, and (D) no trust agreement or sub-participation exists with respect to any Group Shares. 

(d) 

No Further Assets/Interests. Except as disclosed in Annex 9.3(d), the Company is a mere
holding company and does not, directly, own or hold any assets, liabilities, shares, equity interests, silent participations, sub-participations, profit-participating loans, or any other rights relating to
profits in or with respect to any legal entity other than its interest in JW Stargazer Holding GmbH. 

9.4 

Articles of Association; No other Interests/Silent Partnerships; No Insolvency 

(a) 

Articles of Association. Annex 9.4(a) contains a complete and correct copy of the articles
of association of the Company, as in effect on the Signing Date. No amendment to the articles of association of the Company has been resolved on or before the Signing Date that is as of the Signing Date still outstanding to become effective but not
effective yet. 

(b) 

No other Interests, No silent Partnerships. No Group Company is a party to any silent partnership
(stille Gesellschaft). No Group Company holds any shares, interests or equity in, or has entered into any agreement to hold any shares, interests or equity in, or to establish, any entity other than the Group Companies. 

(c) 

No Insolvency. Except as disclosed on Annex 9.4(c) no bankruptcy, insolvency or judicial
composition proceedings have been commenced or, to the Sellers Knowledge, applied for under any applicable Law against a Group Company, nor is a Group Company compelled under any applicable Law to apply for the commencement of such proceedings
as a result of it being over-indebted (berschuldet) or illiquid (zahlungsunfhig). 

9.5 

Financial Statements 

(a) 

Attached as Annex 9.5(a) are true and complete copies of the unaudited consolidated statements of
financial position and consolidated income (loss) statements of the Group Companies as of December 31, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 (collectively, the Financial Statements). 

44 

(b) 

Preparation of Financial Statements. Except as set forth in Annex 9.5(b), the Financial
Statements (i) have been prepared from, and are in accordance with the books and records of the applicable Group Companies and the Accounting Principles in all material respects (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and
(ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Group Companies as of the respective dates or for the respective time periods set forth therein. The
Financial Statements have been a part of the consolidated financial statements of the Seller for Sellers financial years 2021 to 2024 and as such have been reviewed by Deloitte. The Group Companies have been allocated certain charges and
credits for purposes of the preparation of the Financial Statements. Such allocations of charges and credits do not necessarily reflect the amounts that would have resulted from arms-length transactions or the actual costs that would be incurred if
the Group Companies operated as an independent enterprise during the periods presented in the Financial Statements. 

(c) 

Controls over Financial Reporting. The Seller maintains a system of internal controls over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting
related to the Group Companies. Seller (i) maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to ensure
that material information required to be disclosed by the Seller related to the Group Companies in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SECs rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (ii) has disclosed to the Sellers auditors (A) any significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material respect the ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information related to
the Group Companies and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the internal controls over financial reporting. 

(d) 

Absence of Changes. Except for actions taken in preparation for the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, from the Balance Sheet Date through the Signing Date, (i) there has not been any change, development, condition, occurrence, event or effect relating to the Group Companies that, individually or in the aggregate, resulted in, or
would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the Group Companies have conducted their business and operated their properties in the ordinary course of business in all material respects. 

(e) 

No Undisclosed Liabilities. As of Signing Date, there is no material Liability of the Group Companies
that would be required to be set forth or reserved for on a balance sheet of the Group Companies prepared in accordance with Accounting Principles consistently applied and in accordance with past practice, except for liabilities, debts and
obligations (i) reflected or reserved for on the relevant Financial Statements or disclosed in the notes thereto, (ii) that have arisen since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business in all material respects,
(iii) disclosed in Annex 9.5(e), (iv) incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

45 

9.6 

Material Agreements 

(a) 

Annex 9.6(a) lists every agreement that qualifies as agreement of any of the following types to
which, as of the Signing Date, a Group Company is a party and of which the principal obligations (Hauptleistungspflichten) have not been fulfilled by all respective parties thereto (other than any Employee Plan) (such listed agreements
satisfying the aforementioned criteria collectively, the Material Agreements): 

(i) 

agreement establishing a corporate joint venture, corporate partnership, strategic alliance or
shareholders agreement that is material to the business of the Group Companies; 

(ii) 

loan agreement with financial institutions or other agreement evidencing financial debt for borrowed money
(other than (x) intercompany indebtedness solely among the Group Companies, (y) the ABL Credit Facility and any documentation entered into in connection therewith, and any amendments or modifications thereto whether existing as of the date
hereof or entered into after the date hereof, or (z) relating to current account relationships Kontokorrentbeziehungen or credit cards), in each case under which a Group Company owes an amount exceeding $100,000 (in words: one
hundred thousand US dollars) in the individual case; 

(iii) 

guarantee (Garantie), suretyship (Brgschaft) or similar enforceable
contractual obligation issued by any Group Company for any debt of any Person other than a Group Company in excess of $100,000 (in words: one hundred thousand US dollars) (other than the ABL Credit Facility and any documentation entered into in
connection therewith, and any amendments or modifications thereto whether existing as of the date hereof or entered into after the date hereof in accordance with the terms hereunder, in each case to the extent released on or prior to the Closing
Date or with respect to which Release Documentation is delivered on or prior to the Closing Date in accordance with Section 4.3(b)); 

(iv) 

any enterprise agreement (Unternehmensvertrag) within the meaning of 291, 292 AktG;

(v) 

any lease of personal property requiring (A) annual payments of $600,000 (in words: six hundred thousand
US dollars) or more and (B) that cannot be terminated on not more than 120 days notice without payment by any Group Company of any penalty; 

(vi) 

any exclusive distribution, exclusive supplier, exclusive sale agency, or exclusive license agreement, or other
agreement that expressly limits the freedom of any Group Company to compete in any line of business or with any Person or in any area in any material respect, except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Group Companies when
taken as a whole; 

46 

(vii) 

any material agreements with any Administrative Authority to which a Group Company is a party;

(viii) 

all consultancy agreements providing for a fixed or minimum annual remuneration in excess of $75,000 (in words:
seventy-five thousand US dollars) in the calendar year 2024; 

(ix) 

framework or master agreement with the top 10 (ten) major suppliers or vendors (the Material
Suppliers) and the top 10 (ten) major customers (the Material Customers) of the Group Companies taken as a whole (based on aggregate sales value in 2024); and 

(x) 

any agreements not concerning production or supply and not made in the ordinary course of business, the absence
of which, if not reasonably replaceable, would have, or are reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect to the business of the Group Companies as it is conducted on the Signing Date. 

(b) 

The Seller has delivered to the Purchaser or disclosed in the VDR copies of all written Material Agreements,
including all material amendments thereto. Unless terminated during the Pre-Closing Period, each Material Agreement is valid and in full force and effect, represents the legal, valid and binding obligations of
the Group Companies party thereto and is enforceable by the applicable Group Company in accordance with its terms. 

(c) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 9.6(c), (i) no Group Company or, to the Sellers
Knowledge, any other party thereto is in material breach of or material default under any such Material Agreement, (ii) no Group Company has received any written claim or notice of material breach of or material default under any such Material
Agreement, or allegation that a Material Agreement is void or invalid; and (iii) and to the Sellers Knowledge, no event has occurred which, individually or together with other events, would reasonably be expected to result in a
material breach of or a material default under any such Material Agreement (in each case, with or without notice or lapse of time or both). 

(d) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 9.6(d), none of the Material Customers or Material Suppliers has
(i) cancelled, substantially amended, terminated, or indicated an intent or threatened in writing to, cancel, substantially and adversely amend or terminate its relationship with the respective Group Company or (ii) has announced to
materially decrease the volume of business it conducts with the Group. 

9.7 

Agreements with the Seller and with Seller Related Parties 

Except as disclosed in Annex 9.7 or with respect to any statutory Law notarization, filing or (de-)registration requirements or waiting periods, there is no agreement between a Group Company on the one hand and a Seller or a Seller Related Party on the other hand of which the principal obligations have not
been completely fulfilled by the respective Group Company as of the Signing Date. 

47 

9.8 

Owned Real Property 

None of the Group Companies owns real estate or rights similar to real estate (grundstcksgleiche Rechte). 

9.9 

Leased Real Property 

(a) 

Annex 9.9(a) contains a list of every Leased Real Property, that is rented by a Group Company
under a lease agreement with a party other than another Group Company (i) requiring annual base rent payments exceeding for the calendar year 2024 an amount of $300,000 (in words: three hundred thousand US dollars) in the individual case,
(ii) that will not expire (and cannot be terminated without payment by any Group Company) on or before 31 December 2028; or (iii) containing any non-compete or similar obligations binding on any
Group Company other than customary non-competes, exclusives or similar obligations that apply to the relevant leased location or area surrounding such leased location, and in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), except as would not be
material to the Group Companies when taken as a whole (collectively such agreements, the Material Premise Lease Agreements). 

(b) 

Seller has made available to Purchaser a copy of each Material Premise Lease Agreement. To Sellers
Knowledge, except as set forth in Annex 9.9(b),as of the date hereof, (i) each Material Premise Lease Agreement is valid and in full force and effect and (ii) no Group Company that is the tenant under
any Material Premise Lease Agreement has received a written notice from the relevant landlord that it is in default of its material obligations under such Material Premise Lease Agreement beyond any applicable notice and cure period.

(c) 

Except for (i) Permitted Liens, (ii) as contemplated by the Transition Services Agreement,
(iii) set out in the relevant lease agreements, (iv) as set out in the relevant land registers (Grundbcher) or public easement registers (Baulastenverzeichnisse) for the Leased Real Property, or
(v) as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in Liability that is material to the Group Companies, taken as a whole, or otherwise materially and adversely impair the conduct of the business of the Group
Companies, taken as a whole, in substantially the manner currently conducted, or (vi) under applicable Law, no Person other than Seller and its Subsidiaries, including the Group Companies, has the right to use or occupy the Leased Real
Property. 

9.10 

Environmental Compliance 

Except as disclosed in Annex 9.10, 

(a) 

to the Sellers Knowledge, the Group Companies and the Leased Real Property are in material compliance
with applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; 

(b) 

to the Sellers Knowledge, as of the date hereof, (i) no written notice, claim, inquiry, order,
request for information, complaint, penalty demand or violation notice has been made and (ii) there is no claim or investigation pending or threatened in writing, that (A) alleges the material violation of or noncompliance with any
applicable Environmental Law or any Environmental Permits, alleges any material Liability arising under or relating to any applicable Environmental Law, or seeks to materially revoke, amend, modify or terminate any Environmental Permit,
(B) relates to the Group Companies or the Leased Real Property and (C) has not been settled, dismissed, paid or otherwise resolved prior to the date hereof; and 

48 

(c) 

to the Sellers Knowledge, the Group Companies have not caused any contamination, release, or spilling,
leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping or disposing of any Hazardous Substances at, on, under or from any currently or formerly owned or leased property or facility relating to the Group
Companies or the Leased Real Property, in each case, except in material compliance with applicable Environmental Law. 

9.11 

Intellectual Property; Information Technology 

(a) 

Intellectual Property. 

(i) 

Annex 9.11(a)-1 contains a list of all patents,
trademarks and registered copyrights, and all pending applications that have been filed for registration or issuance thereof, that are included in the Group Company IP Rights. The Group Companies have taken commercially reasonable actions to protect
the Group Company IP Rights. 

(ii) 

Annex 9.11(a)-2 contains a list of any IP Agreement,
other than (A) COTS Licenses, (B) supply agreements on products which have been customized, developed or built by order of a customer, in each case with one-time or annual license, maintenance,
support and other fees of less than $ 75,000, (C) outbound licenses granted to vendors for the benefit of a Group Company entered into in the ordinary course of business, and (D) non-exclusive licenses of
IP Rights that are incidental to the commercial purpose of such license and are not material to the business of the Group Companies. 

(iii) 

Except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Group
Companies, taken as a whole, and except as disclosed in Annex 9.11(a)-3, 

(A) 

as of the Signing Date, no Action is pending that challenges the legality, validity, ownership or
enforceability of any rights in respect of any of the Group Company IP Rights; 

(B) 

to the Sellers Knowledge, as of the Signing Date, no third party is infringing, misappropriating or
violating a Group Company IP Rights; 

(C) 

during the two years prior to the Signing Date, none of the Group Companies have sent any written notice,
charge, complaint, claim or other written assertion asserting or threatening to assert that any other Person is infringing upon, misappropriating, or otherwise violating any Group Company IP Rights; and 

49 

(iv) 

except as disclosed in Annex 9.11(a)-4, with respect to
the business of the Group Companies, neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries are, to the Sellers Knowledge, as of the date hereof, infringing, misappropriating, diluting or otherwise violating any IP Rights of any other Person, and Seller
has not, with respect to the business of the Group Companies, received any charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice during the two years prior to the Signing Date alleging any infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation (including
any claim that Seller must license or refrain from using any IP Rights of any third party) which would reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Group Companies, taken as a whole. 

(b) 

Information Technology. Except as disclosed in Annex 9.11(b), the material hardware,
software and other information technology which is necessary for the business of the Group Companies as conducted on the Signing Date and taken as a whole (the Information Technology is either owned by or licensed to the Group, or
the Group otherwise has the right to use such Information Technology, in each case, except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Group Companies, taken as whole. Within the twelve
(12) months prior to the Signing Date, (i) the Group has not experienced any failures of Information Technology that are material to the business of the Group Companies and (ii) Seller and its Subsidiaries have used commercially
reasonable efforts designed to protect the integrity and security of the Information Technology (and all information stored or contained therein) against unauthorized use, access, interruption, modification or corruption. 

It is agreed between the Parties that matters relating to intellectual property rights shall be exclusively governed by this Section 9.11
and not by any other Statement. 

9.12 

Data Privacy and Security 

(a) 

Except as would not reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Group
Companies, taken as a whole, the Group Companies are in compliance with all applicable: (i) Privacy Laws; (ii) externally published notices relating to the Group Companies processing of Personal Information; and (iii) terms of
any agreements to which the Group Companies are bound relating to the processing of Personal Information by the Group Companies. 

(b) 

Seller and its Subsidiaries, with respect to the business of the Group Companies, maintain commercially
reasonable safeguards designed to protect Personal Information stored in the Information Technology as required by applicable Privacy Laws. 

(c) 

As of the Signing Date, with respect to the business of the Group Companies, there is no Action pending and, to
the Sellers Knowledge, no Group Company has received any written complaint, claim, demand or notice during the three years prior to the Signing Date from any Administrative Authority alleging that the Group Companies are not in compliance with
any Privacy Laws, except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate be material to the Group Companies, taken as a whole. 

(d) 

To the Sellers Knowledge, within the three years prior to the date of this Agreement, there have been no
material breaches or unauthorized uses of or accesses to Personal Information maintained by any Group Company that would require notification to individuals or Administrative Authorities under any applicable Privacy Law. 

50 

9.13 

Title to Assets 

As of immediately following the Closing, except for (a) Shared Contracts, the Transition Services Agreement, and any Specified Third Party
Contracts, (b) the assets and properties to which the Group Companies will have continued access to or use of after the Closing pursuant to the other Transaction Documents and (c) as set forth in Annex 9.13, the
Group Companies, in the aggregate, will own or have the same right to use all material assets and properties owned or used by the Group Companies as the Group Companies had immediately prior to Closing free and clear of all encumbrances, in each
case, in all material respects, except for Permitted Liens. 

9.14 

Legal Proceedings 

(a) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 9.14, as of the Signing Date, there is no lawsuit, court action or
similar proceeding pending (rechtshngig) before any court of law or arbitral tribunal, to which a Group Company is a party, with a value in dispute (Streitwert) (excluding interest, if any) in excess of
EUR 75,000 (in words: seventy five thousand Euros) in the individual case; (ii) no extant judgment or arbitral award under which a Group Company is subject to, as of the Signing Date, unsatisfied payment obligations with a value exceeding
EUR 75,000 (in words: seventy five thousand Euros) in the individual case; and (iii) there are no claims pending or, threatened in writing, expected to seek remedies in an amount of exceeding EUR 75,000 (in words: seventy five
thousand Euros) in the individual case against the Group Companies; 

(b) 

Except as reflected in the Financial Statements, there is no material undischarged Liability of the Group
Companies arising out of claims of customers or third parties against any Group Company in connection with products delivered or services rendered prior to the Closing Date under applicable product liability laws or theories (whether under tort
claims or otherwise). 

9.15 

Permits; Compliance 

(a) 

Permits. Each Group Company holds every material governmental, regulatory or other permit, license,
authorization and consent, in each case of any competent Administrative Authority, which is necessary under applicable public Law (ffentliches Recht) in order to conduct its business as conducted on the Signing Date
(collectively, the Permits) in all material respects. To the Sellers Knowledge, all Permits are in full force and effect and, as of the Signing Date, no Permit has been threatened in writing to be cancelled or to be revoked.

(b) 

Compliance. Except as disclosed in Annex 9.15(b), to the Sellers Knowledge,each Group Company is conducting, and since January 1, 2022 has conducted, its business in accordance with all applicable Laws, including without limitation, regarding (i) antibribery and
corruption, (ii) export control and sanctions, and (iii) anti money laundering, except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

51 

9.16 

Labor Matters 

(a) 

Employees. 

(i) 

Annex 9.16(a) contains a true and correct anonymous list of all Key Employees (as
defined herein) as of the Signing Date (the Employee List). The Seller shall provide the Purchaser prior to the Closing the following information with respect to each individual on the Employee List: (i) number of years of
service with the Seller and its Subsidiaries; (ii) job title; (iii) base salary or wage rate; (iv) target bonus information (other than for employees in sales positions); and (v) job location; provided, however,
that the Sellers obligation to provide such information shall be subject in all respects to applicable Law. Revisions to the Employee List following the Signing Date may be made by the Seller and provided to the Purchaser periodically prior to
the Closing Date to reflect new hires, employment terminations, changes to employment status and any other material changes thereto. 

(ii) 

Except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Group
Companies, taken as a whole, (i) each Group Company has, timely and in full, paid when due all wages, salaries, bonuses, social insurance and social security contributions, commissions, wage premiums, fees, expense reimbursement, severance, and
other compensation that have come due and payable to any Group Company Employee pursuant to any applicable Law, contract, agreement, collective agreement or policy, and (ii) as of the Signing Date, there are no complaints, lawsuits or other
proceedings pending or, to the Sellers Knowledge, threatened in writing against any Group Company brought by or on behalf of any Group Company Employee. 

(iii) 

No Group Company has entered into a termination agreement with any employees who are entitled to an annual
gross base salary in excess of $130,000, managing directors (Geschftsfhrer) or executive board members (Vorstnde) (together, the Key Employees) or terminated the service or employment agreement with
any of its Key Employees, and no Key Employees have terminated their service or employment relationship with the respective Group Company or have threatened to terminate their service or employment relationship in writing or to the Sellers
Knowledge indicated otherwise their intention to terminate their service or employment relationship. Neither the execution nor consummation of this Agreement nor the transaction contemplated therein trigger any special termination rights of any Key
Employee. 

(b) 

Freelancers. During the last three years prior to the Signing Date, (i) none of the Group Companies
has been a party to any lawsuit or court action regarding misclassification of third party personnel, i.e., leased employees (Leiharbeitnehmer) or freelancers (freie Mitarbeiter), and (ii) it has not been determined
in the course of any company audits (Betriebsprfungen) that a freelancer is de-facto an employee of a Group Company. To the Sellers Knowledge, no leased employee or freelancer has claimed in
writing to be an employee of a Group Company within the last three years prior to the Signing Date. 

52 

(c) 

Collective Labor Agreements. 

(i) 

Annex 9.16(c)-1 contains a list of every Collective
Bargaining Agreement in the nature of Betriebsvereinbarung or Tarifvertrag (the latter unless declared universally binding (allgemeinverbindlich) or otherwise applying by operation of applicable Law) binding upon a Group Company
by virtue of it being a party thereto or it being the member of an employers association (other than agreements which merely implement statutory Law). 

(ii) 

Except as set forth on Annex 9.16(c)-1 or Annex 9.16(c)-2, there are no labor unions presently representing or, to the Sellers Knowledge, engaged in any organizing activity with respect to any Group Company Employee. Except as set forth on
Annex 9.16(c)-1 or Annex 9.16(c)-2 or would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Group
Companies, taken as a whole, (i) during the past three years there has not been, and there is not, as of the date hereof, pending nor, to the Sellers Knowledge, threatened, any strike, slowdown, picketing, or work stoppage by Group
Company Employees, (ii) none of the Group Companies is a party to or bound by any Collective Bargaining Agreements and (iii) there are no Collective Bargaining Agreements that pertain to any Group Company Employees. 

(d) 

Employee Benefit Plans. 

(i) 

Annex 9.16(d)-1 sets forth a true and complete list, as
of the Signing Date, of each material Employee Plan (and separately identifies which Employee Plans are Group Company Plans). 

(ii) 

With respect to each Group Company Plan, Seller has made available to the Purchaser copies of (i) each
material Group Company Plan or, to the extent such Group Company Plan is unwritten, a summary of the material terms and conditions thereof, and any material amendments thereto, (ii) the most recent summary plan descriptions with respect to each
material Group Company Plan for which a summary plan description is required, and (iii) each trust agreement and insurance or group annuity contract relating to any Group Company Plan, including any amendments thereto. 

(iii) 

No Employee Plan or Group Company Plan is (i) a pension plan subject to Section 412 or
4971 of the Code, or Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA, or (ii) a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA). None of the Group Company Plans is subject to Title IV of ERISA. Except as disclosed in
Annex 9.16(d)-2 and except to the extent only implementing or reflecting mandatory legal obligations or mandatory legal requirements pursuant to applicable Law,
no pension plan, pension scheme, pension related arrangement or promises exist under which any current or former managing director, executive board member or employee of any Group Company or their respective dependents has any entitlements under any
Group Company Plan (jointly the Pension Commitments). With regard to the Pension Commitments, as of the date of this Agreement, all pension payments and contributions have been made and all fees for reinsurances as well as
insolvency coverage have been paid in full and sufficient book reserves have been established for any unfunded pension liabilities in accordance with the latest actuarial reports. 

53 

(iv) 

Except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Group
Companies, taken as a whole, (i) the Group Companies, as applicable, have performed in all respects all obligations required with respect to each Group Company Plan that is not a Pension Commitment, (ii) each Group Company Plan and each
Employee Plan that is not a Pension Commitment has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with any Law and (iii) all payments (including premiums) and all employer and employee contributions required to have been collected in respect
of each Group Company Plan that is not a Pension Commitment have been paid when due. 

(v) 

Except as set forth on Annex 9.16(d)-5, no Group Company
Plan provides for post-retirement welfare benefits to any Group Company Employee, other than (i) health care continuation coverage required by applicable Law, or (ii) coverage through the end of the calendar month in which a termination of
employment occurs. 

(vi) 

Except as set forth on Annex 9.16(d)-6 or as otherwise
contemplated by this Agreement, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the approval or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (i) result in any compensation payable by any Group Company becoming
due to any current or former Group Company Employee, (ii) increase any payments or benefits payable by any Group Company under any Group Company Plan or (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment, funding or vesting of any
payments or benefits payable by any Group Company under any Group Company Plan. 

9.17 

Subsidy 

Annex 9.17 contains a list identifying all material subsidies and comparable public grants that
a Group Company has received or applied for since January 1, 2024 and under which the respective Group Company is either subject to on-going obligations or which are subject to repayment obligations of
the respective Group Company (collectively, Public Subsidies ). Since January 1, 2024, the respective Group Company has not received any written notice by any Administrative Authority claiming (i) that any Public Subsidy
granted to it will have to be repaid by such Group Company in part or in full or (ii) that such Group Company has breached obligations under the terms and conditions of any Public Subsidy. 

9.18 

Insurance Matters 

Annex 9.18-1 contains a list of material insurances
under which Group Companies are covered as are covered as insured parties or additional insured parties as of the Signing Date (collectively, the Insurance Policies). Except as disclosed in Annex 9.18-2, (i) the Insurance Policies are in full force and effect, (ii) as of the Signing Date, to the Sellers Knowledge, no insurer under any such Insurance Policy has notified any Group
Company in writing to the effect that such insurer is cancelling or materially adversely amending any such Insurance Policy, and (iii) all premiums due and payable on the Insurance Policies as of the date hereof have been paid. 

54 

9.19 

Brokers Fee 

No Group Company is under any obligation to pay any investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary that has been retained by or is
authorized to act on behalf of the Seller or any Group Company, any brokerage, finders fee or commission in connection with the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transaction. 

10. 

PURCHASERS OBLIGATIONS 

10.1 

Notification of the Seller 

If the Purchaser, or any other member of the Purchaser Group, or, following the Closing, a Group Company, becomes aware of circumstances which
could lead to a Purchaser Claim (including in case of any Third-Party Claims), to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Purchaser shall, without undue delay and in any event no later than within thirty (30) days, notify the Seller of the
relevant circumstances, such notice to describe the potential Purchaser Claim in reasonable detail and, to the extent possible, to state the estimated amount of such Purchaser Claim (a Claim Notice). 

10.2 

Conduct of Third-Party Claims 

In case of legal proceedings, judgments, administrative acts or third-party claims (including claims by any Administrative Authority) which are
directed against any of the Group Companies, the Purchaser or any other member of the Purchaser Group (each, a Claim Addressee) and which may become the basis of a Purchaser Claim (the Third-Party Claims), as
from the Closing, to the extent permitted by applicable Law and to the extent practicable, the Purchaser shall, and shall ensure that each Claim Addressee will: 

(a) 

give the Seller a reasonable opportunity to comment on, and discuss and jointly evaluate with the Purchaser,
any measures which the relevant Claim Addressee proposes to take or omit in connection with such Third-Party Claim; 

(b) 

permit the Seller to comment on, and participate in, any relevant hearing, meeting, audit or other discussion
or communication and to review any relevant document; 

(c) 

diligently and in good faith defend itself against the relevant Third-Party Claim, duly considering in such
context any reasonable comments and requests of the Seller, with the diligence that would be applied by a prudent business person in the relevant circumstances in the absence of any respective indemnification claim against a third party (including
the Seller); 

(d) 

permit the Seller, at their free discretion, to take such action, and comply with any reasonable request by the
Seller to take such action, as the Seller or its Representatives reasonably consider, at their free discretion, required or expedient in order to dispute, defend, appeal or compromise such Third-Party Claim (including the making of counterclaims or
other claims against third parties) in the name, and on behalf, of the relevant Claim Addressee; provided that any external costs resulting therefrom shall be borne by the Seller; and furtherprovided that other than in case of
an Exempted Claim the rights pursuant to this Section 10.2 may only be exercised after the Seller acknowledged in writing its liability for the relevant Purchaser Claim under this Agreement on the merits (dem Grunde nach);

55 

(e) 

keep the Seller at all times fully informed of any developments relating to the Third-Party Claims and promptly
provide such information and assistance as the Seller may reasonably request in connection with the preparation for, and conduct of, any proceedings or negotiations in relation to such Third-Party Claim, including the forwarding of any notices
received in connection therewith; and 

(f) 

procure that no Claim Addressee admits any liability in respect of, or compromises or settles, the matter
giving rise to the Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Seller, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. 

Neither Section 10.1 nor Section 10.2 shall apply to Purchaser Claims pursuant to Section 12 or otherwise in relation to Taxes
under this Agreement.

11. 

REMEDIES AND LIMITATIONS ON THE SELLERS LIABILITY 

11.1 

Restitution in Kind; Monetary Damages 

(a) 

Restitution in Kind. After the Closing, in case the Purchaser intends to raise a Purchaser Claim based
on a relevant Guarantee Breach, the Purchaser shall first give the Seller, at the Sellers free discretion, the opportunity of establishing, within a period of eight (8) weeks after receipt by the Seller of the respective Claim Notice, a
situation which corresponds commercially to the situation that would exist if the relevant Guarantee Breach had not occurred (restitution in kindNaturalrestitution pursuant to 249 para. 1 BGB). 

(b) 

Monetary Damages. If the Closing has occurred and to the extent that the Seller has not (timely) brought
about a remedial action pursuant to Section 11.1(a) in respect of a specific Purchaser Claim based on a Guarantee Breach, in accordance with the principles contained in Section 9.1, the Purchaser shall solely be entitled to demand monetary
damages (Schadensersatz in Geld) from the Seller and solely subject to the following provisions of this Section 11. 

(c) 

Guarantee Breaches. Any Purchaser Claims based on any Guarantee Breach shall be conditioned upon Closing
having occurred and the Purchaser shall not be entitled to any such claims prior to Closing. 

11.2 

Scope of Restitution in Kind and of Monetary Damages 

Definition of Losses. In respect of any claims of the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement the following shall apply: Restitution in
kind pursuant to Section 11.1(a) (or pursuant to any other provisions of this Agreement) and any claim for monetary damages pursuant to Section 11.1(b) (or wherever in this Agreement reference is made to the term Losses in
respect of any other claim) shall in each case (i) in principle be based on the provisions of 249 et seqq. BGB but (ii) in no event include, any indirect or consequential damages (mittelbare
Schden und sonstige Folgeschden), lost profit (entgangener Gewinn), internal administrative and overhead costs, and any compensation for damages based on the application, or alleged application, of
any multiple underlying the purchase price determination (the damages which are in principle compensable taking into account the foregoing exclusions, collectively Losses). 

56 

11.3 

Limitations 

A Purchaser Claim otherwise raised subject to any other provisions and limitations under this Agreement, in particular, without limitations,
pursuant to Sections 11.5 through 11.7 shall be excluded to the extent, but without prejudice to any other applicable provisions of this Agreement: 

(a) 

(i) compensation for the relevant matter is covered by insurance carriers, or (ii) such coverage has been
unconditionally confirmed by such insurance carrier; 

(b) 

the relevant Purchaser Claim arises, or the amount of the relevant Purchaser Claim is increased, as a result of
changes in the Law which occurred after the Signing Date; it being understood that this Section 11.3(b) shall not apply to Purchaser Claims pursuant to Section 12; 

(c) 

the matter to which the Purchaser Claim relates has been specifically reflected in the Financial Statements as
a liability (Verbindlichkeit) for the relevant damage or the underlying facts and/or the Financial Statements contain a specific provision (Rckstellung), but excluding general adjustments or provisions made for the
relevant risk category (e.g., Pauschalwertberichtigungen, Pauschalrckstellungen); it being understood that this Section 11.3(c) shall not apply to Purchaser Claims pursuant to Section 12;

(d) 

the relevant matter has already been taken into account as a deduction item (i.e., effectively reduced
the Total Purchase Price) in the determination of the Total Purchase Price (or any component thereof); or 

(e) 

the relevant Purchaser Claim results from, or is increased by, a failure of the Purchaser (or a Group Company
after the Closing) to comply with the procedure set out in Sections 10.1 and 10.2 or to mitigate damages in accordance with applicable Law. 

Any payments actually made by the Seller in order to discharge a Purchaser Claim which is, or subsequently becomes (or, respectively, would
have become if the payment had not already been made), excluded or reduced pursuant to this Section 11.3 shall be refunded by the Purchaser to the Seller. 

11.4 

Knowledge of the Purchaser 

Purchaser Claims based on Guarantee Breaches shall be excluded if, and to the extent that, as of the Signing Date: 

(a) 

the Purchaser, or any other member (i.e., being a member already as of the Signing Date) of the
Purchaser Group or any of their directors, officers or advisors had actual knowledge (positive Kenntnis), after reasonable inquiry, of the relevant circumstances from which the relevant Purchaser Claim arises; or 

(b) 

the relevant circumstances from which the relevant Purchaser Claim arises were Fairly Disclosed in the Due
Diligence Materials. 

57 

11.5 

De minimis; Basket 

A Guarantee Breach and, with respect to clause (b), any claims under Section 12, except for claims under Section 12.2(a)(iii),
Section 12.2(a)(iv), and Sections 12.1(m) and 12.2(a)(vii) shall only give rise to a Purchaser Claim against the Seller, 

(a) 

if and to the extent that the amount to which the Purchaser would be entitled
vis--vis the Seller pursuant to such Purchaser Claim exceeds an amount of $50,000; and 

(b) 

if and to the extent the aggregate amount of all Purchaser Claims (i) based on Guarantee Breaches to which
the Purchaser is entitled vis--vis the Seller, which are not excluded pursuant to Section 11.5(a) nor concerning Guarantee Breaches of
Statements in Section 9.2, and (ii) under Section 12, except for claims under Section 12.2(a)(iii), Section 12.2(a)(iv), and Sections 12.1(m) and 12.2(a)(vii) exceeds an amount of $2,000,000 (Basket).If the Basket is exceeded, the Seller shall be liable only for the amount exceeding the Basket. 

This Section 11.5 shall not apply to Guarantee Breaches of Statements in Section 9.2. 

11.6 

W&I Insurance and Liability Caps 

(a) 

W&I Insurance. The Purchaser confirms and represents to the Seller: 

(i) 

that it has taken out (or respectively will as of the Signing have taken out) warranty and indemnity insurance
under an insurance policy a copy of which is attached hereto in Annex 11.6(a), including all appendices (with the exception of Appendix D thereto, which is the executed version of this Agreement) (the W&I
Insurance and the relevant insurance provider(s) as therein identified (collectively), the Insurer); 

(ii) 

that it has paid the required deposit fee and all other payments or fees (or will, as and when they become
payable) and the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the obtaining of the W&I Insurance is not a condition to the Closing; 

(iii) 

that such W&I Insurance is working on a non-recourse basis such
that there will not be any and the Insurer shall expressly waive any rights of subrogation, contribution or otherwise of claims of the Purchaser against the Seller, its Affiliates and any Representatives of the foregoing (collectively, the
Subrogation Waiver Parties), to the Insurer except in respect of fraud (Betrug) or willful deceit (arglistige Tuschung) of the Seller (the Subrogation Waiver). The W&I Insurance shall
expressly provide that (a) the Subrogation Waiver Parties are third-party beneficiaries of and have rights to enforce the Subrogation Waiver; and (b) no amendment, waiver, supplement or modification of the Subrogation Waiver shall be valid
without with the written consent of the Seller; and 

(iv) 

that the Purchaser shall indemnify and hold the Seller harmless against any claim from the Insurer except in
the case of the Sellers fraud (Betrug) or willful deceit (arglistige Tuschung). 

58 

(b) 

W&I Cap. The aggregate liability of the Seller under or in connection with this Agreement, other
than liability arising under Exempted Claims, shall be $0 (zero) (the W&I Cap and such claims as are subject to the W&I Cap in accordance with the foregoing W&I Claims). Exempted
Claims shall mean the following claims of the Purchaser: 

(i) 

performance claims (Erfllungsansprche) regarding the primary performance obligations
(Hauptleistungspflichten) of the Seller under Sections 2; 

(ii) 

performance claims (Erfllungsansprche) in respect of the performance of covenants pursuant
to this Agreement; 

(iii) 

Purchaser Claims for breach of pre-closing and/or post-closing
covenants; 

(iv) 

Purchaser Claims arising from Sections 3.4, 12 or 17; 

(v) 

Purchaser Claims in respect of specific indemnities pursuant to Section 15; 

(vi) 

Purchaser Claims arising from Guarantee Breaches of the Statements contained in Sections 9.2(a) through 9.2(d),
9.3, 9.4 and 9.19 (Fundamental Guarantee Claims); and 

(vii) 

Purchaser Claims against the Seller pursuant to this Agreement that are based on fraud (Betrug) or
willful deceit (arglistige Tuschung) of the Seller. 

(c) 

Priority of Recourse. Any Losses payable to the Purchaser pursuant to an Exempted Claim pursuant to
Section 11.6(b)(vi) shall be satisfied (i) first, by the Purchaser or its Affiliates making a claim against the W&I Insurance, and (ii) second, by the Seller only after coverage limits under the W&I Insurance are
exhausted (whether by incurrence of Loss, and/or by payment under the W&I Insurance); 

(d) 

No Further Recourse. The Seller shall also not be liable (except for the Exempted Claims, other than
Exempted Claims pursuant to Section 11.6(b)(vi)) if the W&I Insurance is not available or if the Insurer refuses to make any payments to the Purchaser or if the W&I Insurance expires or otherwise does not provide for any recourse.

(e) 

Liability Exclusion. In furtherance of the foregoing, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed by the
Parties that any liability of the Seller for W&I Claims under or in connection with this Agreement in excess of the W&I Cap shall be excluded and be $0 (zero) (the Liability Exclusion). Consequently, the Purchasers
sole recourse, if any, for any W&I Claims beyond the W&I Cap shall be against the Insurer. The Purchaser expressly acknowledges, and the Parties agree, that the validity and collectability risk in respect of the W&I Insurance shall
solely and irrevocably rest with the Purchaser. 

(f) 

Overall Cap. Without prejudice to the Liability Exclusion and any other limitations or exclusions set
out in this Agreement, the aggregate liability of the Seller for Exempted Claims (other than for Section 11.6(b)(vii)) and any claims under Section 12 irrespective of the Special Tax Cap shall in no event exceed the amount of the Total
Purchase Price. 

59 

11.7 

Limitation Periods 

Claims of the Purchaser against the Seller under or in connection with this Agreement, whether arising from Guarantee Breaches or arising from
other reasons, shall become time barred eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date, except for the following: 

(a) 

in case of performance claims (Erfllungsansprche) regarding the
primary performance obligations (Hauptleistungspflichten): six (6) months after the Closing Date; 

(b) 

in case of Fundamental Guarantee Claims: on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date; and

(c) 

in case of Purchaser Claims arising from Section 12 or otherwise in relation to Taxes under this
Agreement: in accordance with Section 12.6(a). 

11.8 

Knowledge of the Seller 

To the extent that reference is made in this Agreement to the term Sellers Knowledge in connection with any Statement,
then such respective Statement refers to the actual knowledge (eigenepositive Kenntnis), on the Signing Date, of the individuals listed as Knowledgeable Persons of the Seller in
Annex 11.8 after their inquiry conducted no earlier than five (5) Business Days prior to the Signing Date with the Persons listed as Inquiry Persons in Schedule 1 to
Annex 11.8 as to whether such Persons designated as Inquiry Persons have personal and actual knowledge of an inaccuracy of the relevant Sellers Knowledge-qualified Statements. 

11.9 

Exhaustive Remedies 

The provisions of Section 9 and 12 above form the entirety of the Statements by the Seller and the provisions of
Section 11 form the entirety of the remedies available for Guarantee Breaches under or in connection with this Agreement. Any other rights, claims, and remedies of Purchaser of any kind including any rights and claims relating to curing
performance (Nacherfllung), rescission (other than pursuant to Sections 7), winding up of the transaction contemplated hereunder (e.g. by way of groer Schadenersatz or
Schadenersatz statt der Leistung), reduction of the purchase price (Minderung), damages (Schadenersatz), compensation for frustrated expenses (Ersatz vergeblicher Aufwendungen), breach of pre-contractual duties (culpa in contrahendo) pursuant to Sec. 311 para. 2 BGB, voidance (Anfechtung), rescission or adjustment of this Agreement on the grounds of lapse of fundamental
business assumptions (Strung der Geschftsgrundlage) pursuant to Sec. 313 BGB, and Sec. 275 para. 2 BGB shall be excluded, except for rights, claims and remedies based on
fraud (Betrug), willful deceit (arglistige Tuschung) or intentional behavior (Vorsatz), in which case the statutory provisions shall apply. 

11.10 

No Double Relief 

The Purchaser shall not be entitled to recover damages or losses or to obtain payment, reimbursement, remedial action, compensation,
restitution, indemnification or erosion of any basket/threshold more than once in respect of any one liability, loss, cost, expense, shortfall, damage, deficiency, breach or other set of circumstances which give rise to more than one claim. 

60 

12. 

TAX 

12.1 

Tax Warranties 

The Seller hereby guarantees to be liable to the Purchaser by way of an independent promise of guarantee irrespective of fault
(selbstndiges verschuldensunabhngiges Garantieversprechen) in accordance with 311 para. 1 BGB if and to the extent that the statements provided in Section 12.1(a) through Section 12.1(m) (Tax
Guarantees and each a Tax Guarantee) are incorrect as of the Signing Date and/or as of the Closing Date: 

(a) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 12.1(a), all Tax Returns of the Group Companies have been prepared
and duly and timely filed in accordance with all Laws including published views of Tax Authorities. 

(b) 

All information and documentation required to be supplied to any Tax Authority has been duly and timely
supplied by each Group Company. All records, documents, and photocopies which each Group Company is required to prepare, produce, and keep for Tax purposes (including any transfer pricing documentation), have been duly prepared, produced and are
available to the respective Group Company. 

(c) 

Each Group Company has completely and timely paid all Taxes shown as payable on any valid Tax assessment notice
or on any Tax Return, including preliminary Tax payments and Tax prepayments, when due. 

(d) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 12.1(d), the Group Companies are not subject to any retention
or observation periods (Sperr- oder Haltefristen) in connection with Taxes such as, e.g., section 6 para. 3 of the German Income Tax Act (EinkommensteuergesetzEStG), section 22 of the German Reorganisation Tax Act
(UmwandlungssteuergesetzUmwStG) or sections 5, 6, 6a of the German Real Estate Transfer Tax Act (GrunderwerbsteuergesetzGrEStG) and/or have expired prior to the Closing Date. The signing and consummation of this Agreement
do not lead to a violation of such retention or observation periods. 

(e) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 12.1(e), there are no Tax related investigations (suspending the
expiration of the term for the tax assessment), enquiry, dispute, non-routine visit by any Tax Authorities, audits, actions, proceedings, claims, or assessments pending, proposed, or threatened against or with
respect to any of the Group Companies. 

(f) 

None of the Group Companies has received any Tax ruling or entered into any written and legally binding
agreement or is currently under negotiations to enter into any such agreement with any Tax Authority. 

(g) 

All of the Group Companies have their place of management in the country of their statutory seat and none of
the Group Companies have any permanent establishments or permanent agents for Tax purposes outside of their respective country of residence. 

(h) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 12.1(h), none of the Group Companies nor the Seller has declared a
waiver of shareholder loans, in each case, in respect of the shares held by it in any Group Company, within the last three (3) years prior to the Signing Date. 

61 

(i) 

Except as disclosed in Annex 12.1(i),no Group Company impaired any shares currently held
by it to a lower partial value (keine Abschreibung auf einen niedrigeren Teilwert). 

(j) 

Neither the Seller nor its Affiliates, nor the Group Companies have granted or promised any compensation,
severance or other payment or benefit to any (current or former) employee in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby. 

(k) 

The prerequisites for the German fiscal consolidation (Organschaft) for corporate income and trade Tax
purposes between all German Group Companies, which have entered into a profit and loss transfer agreement, have been fulfilled for any time period until and including fiscal year 2020. 

(l) 

The deferred Tax liability described in Annex 12.1(l) is associated with trade name and
customer/distributor relationships derived from previous purchase price accounting and will not result in any future cash outflow impact or tax obligations to be paid by a Group Company or the Purchaser. 

(m) 

The corporate income Tax payable described in Annex 12.1(m) is solely related to a reserve for a
tax under US GAAP, which would only be applicable if funds are repatriated from Subsidiaries to the United States and does not reflect any current or anticipated tax liability, and is not reflected in the Closing Accounts.

12.2 

Tax Indemnification 

(a) 

The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and/or, at the Purchasers discretion, any of
the Group Companies from and against: 

(i) 

any reasonable third party cost incurred from or in connection with any breach of the Tax Guarantee contained
in Section 12.1 above; 

(ii) 

any Taxes of the respective Group Company payable by a respective Group Company, which are attributable to any
taxable events incurred up to and including the Closing Date and/or any Pre-Closing Tax Period; 

(iii) 

any Taxes arising from a breach of the Sellers obligations under Section 17(e);

(iv) 

any Taxes arising from a breach of the Sellers obligations under Section 17(f) (Advance
Pricing Taxes), unless such Tax has already been paid by Seller in accordance with Section 17(f) (for the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no double relief for the Purchaser under Section 12.2(a)(iv) and Section 17(f))
(no double counting); and 

(v) 

any Taxes resulting from the actions that have been or should have been taken pursuant to Section 4.6(a);

(vi) 

any Taxes arising from or in connection with any breach of the Tax Guarantees contained in Sections 12.1(j) and
12.1(l); and 

62 

(vii) 

any Taxes arising from or in connection with any breach of the Tax Guaranty contained in Section 12.1(m)
in each of Section 12.2(a)(i) to Section 12.2(a)(vii) above irrespective of whether the Taxes are due or assessed before, on or after the Closing Date together with regard to any interest, fines and penalties thereon (irrespective as to
whether such interest, fines and penalties are assessed with regard to periods prior to or after the Closing Date) (Indemnifiable Taxes and Tax Claim). Furthermore, Indemnifiable Taxes shall also include any
claim for refund of Taxes shown in the Closing Date Statement which can actually not be recovered and which have to be dissolved or impaired accordingly. 

(b) 

The Seller shall not be obliged to indemnify the Purchaser pursuant to Section 12.2(a) above, if and to
the extent: 

(i) 

the respective Indemnifiable Tax has been paid by the respective Group Company prior to the Closing Date;

(ii) 

the Indemnifiable Tax has been specifically included in the Closing Statement, e.g. by way of provisions
(Rckstellungen) or liabilities (Verbindlichkeiten) for Taxes (irrespective of the denomination, of the relevant provision or liability); 

(iii) 

a Group Company has a corresponding enforceable, collectable and undisputed claim for repayment, reimbursement
or indemnification against a third party including but not limited to the Insurer, in respect of the Indemnifiable Taxes. This exclusion does not apply if and to the extent that the Purchaser or the relevant Group Company effectively assigns the
claim to the Seller or economically puts the Seller in the position as if the claim had been assigned to them; reasonable costs for the assignment shall be deducted; 

(iv) 

the Indemnifiable Tax is caused or increased by a measure, act, omission or transaction initiated after the
Closing by Purchaser unless required by applicable Law or agreed by the Parties, e.g., by way of (i) exercise or change of any Tax election right for any Pre-Closing Tax Period (ii) a change of the
tax or financial accounts or accounting practice of the Group Companies for any Pre-Closing Tax Period, (iii) amendment of any Tax Return filed by a Group Company for a
Pre-Closing Tax Period, (iv) entering into any transaction, merger, conversion or any other kind of restructuring that has a retroactive tax effect on a Pre-Closing
Tax Period, and (v) with respect to the Advance Pricing Tax in case Purchaser deviates or causes the Group Companies to deviate from the respective agreements made with respect to the advance pricing arrangement for any Pre-Closing Tax Period. For the avoidance of doubt, except for clause (v) of the preceding sentence any measure, act, omission or transaction that solely refers to time periods after the Closing Date shall not
be regarded as having caused or increased an Indemnifiable Tax; 

(v) 

the respective Tax underlying the claim for Indemnifiable Taxes has been caused by the failure of the Purchaser
or after the Closing Date, any Group Company or any of their Affiliates to comply with the procedures set forth in Section 12; 

63 

(vi) 

the Purchaser and/or the Group Companies or any successor to all or parts of their business is entitled to any
cash-effective benefit by refund or set-off reduction of Taxes or any other cash-effective Tax benefit within a period of ten (10) years after the Closing Date (each a Tax Benefit) as a
result of the circumstances giving rise to a Tax Claim in which context the Tax Claim shall be reduced (i) in the full amount if and to the extent the Tax Benefits have already arisen when the Tax Claim would have fallen due otherwise or
(ii) in the amount of the respective net present value of such Tax Benefits, with the Tax Benefits in each case to be calculated on the basis of the Tax rates applicable as of the point in time the Tax Benefit is calculated and if it can be
reasonably assumed that the Group Companies will remain in a Tax paying position; the net present value of a Tax Benefit shall be calculated using a discount rate of 5% per annum. In particular, this shall apply to any Tax Benefit resulting
from a lengthening of any amortization or depreciation period, higher depreciation allowances or loss-carry forwards or deductions; 

(vii) 

the Indemnifiable Taxes can or could have been avoided by offsetting taxable profits against any Tax loss
carry-backs or Tax loss carry-forwards (or any other cash-effective Tax credit, allowance or deduction) that are or were available (including as a result of subsequent Tax audits) in the Pre-Closing Tax
Period; 

(viii) 

the Indemnifiable Tax arises, or is increased, as a result of changes in law entering into effect after the
Closing Date; or 

(ix) 

the Indemnifiable Tax is excluded under Annex 12.2

12.3 

Payments 

Any payment to be made by the Seller pursuant to Section 12.2 is due on the 15th (fifteenth) Business Day after the Seller has been
notified in writing by the Purchaser about the payment obligation and the corresponding payment date and has received a copy of the underlying Tax assessment or payment order, but in no case earlier than five (5) Business Days before the
Indemnifiable Tax is due and payable to the Tax Authority. If the Tax for which the payment has been made is subsequently reduced by way of repayment, refund or other set-off, the difference between the higher
indemnification payment and the lower Tax amount shall be reimbursed by the Purchaser, including any and all interest related thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, such repayment shall not be treated as Tax Refund subject to Section 12.4 (no
double dip). 

12.4 

Excess Amounts and Overprovisions 

(a) 

The Purchaser shall pay to the Seller: 

(i) 

any Tax refund relating to a Pre-Closing Tax Period cash-effectively
received (including by set-off against cash payment obligation, cash-effective, deduction or otherwise cash relevant) by the Purchaser or the Group Companies including any interest thereon if and to the extent
such Tax refund (i) exceeds the amount recorded for such specific Tax refund in the Closing Statements and (ii) does not result in an increased Tax liability for any Tax period until the Closing Date for any other Group Company
(collectively, the Tax Refund); and 

64 

(ii) 

any excess amount of provisions for Taxes (Steuerrckstellungen) or liabilities for
Taxes (sonstige Verbindlichkeiten aus Steuern) as recorded in the Closing Statement (the Tax Provisions) to the extent that it exceeds the actual Tax charge and therefore has effectively been dissolved or has to be
dissolved in the relevant audited commercial balance sheet of the respective Group Company (the Overprovisions). 

(b) 

Section 12.2(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any claims of the Seller under this
Section 12.4 and for the avoidance of doubt, the Purchaser shall not be obliged to pay a Tax Refund or an Overprovision if and to the extent this has been taken into account when determining the amount to be indemnified by the Seller pursuant
to Section 12.2 (no double dip). 

(c) 

The Purchaser shall procure (steht dafr ein) that the Group Companies will without undue delay
notify the Seller in writing of realization of any items under (i) to (ii) under Section 12.4(a) above. The Purchaser shall deliver, at its own costs, to the Seller within three (3) months following the end of a calendar year a
written statement to the Seller in reasonable detail of any Tax Refunds, and Overprovisions that are payable to the Seller pursuant to this Section 12.4 in the previous calendar year. For the avoidance of doubt, unless the Seller explicitly
approve the notification by the Purchaser, the information provided by the Purchaser shall not be considered approved or agreed. 

12.5 

Miscellaneous 

(a) 

Relevant Tax Return Filings. The Purchaser shall procure that the Group Companies prepare and file (or
cause to be prepared and filed) any Relevant Tax Return that is required to be filed by the Group Companies after the date of the Closing on a basis consistent with past practice of the Group Companies. With respect to any Relevant Tax Return or any
change thereto required to be filed by the Purchaser after the Closing Date, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Purchaser shall provide a copy of such draft Relevant Tax Return to the Seller for review and comment. Purchaser shall
procure that the Group Companies will comply with all instructions issued by the Seller regarding the amendment of Relevant Tax Returns provided within fifteen (15) Business Days after receipt by the Seller, provided that the instructions of
the Seller are in compliance with applicable Laws. The Purchaser shall not be obliged to procure compliance with the instructions under the preceding sentence, if and to extent the Purchaser evidences that the instructions of the Seller lead to a
negotiations trade-off against any other Tax position, which would directly or economically not be fully indemnified by the Seller. Relevant Tax Returns or any changes thereto shall not be filed without
Sellers approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned and shall be deemed granted if the Seller fails to deliver substantiated comments within fifteen (15) Business Days after the date of receipt of the
respective draft Relevant Tax Return. If the Purchaser states to be obliged under applicable laws to file or amend a Relevant Tax Return Purchaser shall seek for Sellers approval in accordance with preceding sentence. If Seller refuses such
approval, Parties shall work together in good faith to align on further handling of filing or amending the respective Relevant Tax Return. If no alignment can be found between Parties, Parties shall jointly engage a Big Four accountant agreed upon
in good faith to determine the handling of the respective Relevant Tax Return, cost to be borne equally between Parties. 

65 

(b) 

The Purchaser shall procure (steht dafr ein) that after the Closing 

(i) 

The Purchaser and all Group Companies will refrain from taking any action that may lead to a forfeiture or
reduction of a Tax Refund or an Overprovision, unless with the Sellers prior written approval; and 

(ii) 

Neither the Purchaser nor any of the Group Companies will enter into any merger with tax effective date prior
to the Closing Date. 

(c) 

Storing of Information. The Purchaser shall procure (steht dafr ein) that after Closing all
Group Companies will keep all material records, documents and information relating to the Pre-Closing Tax Period and Tax proceedings regarding Pre-Closing Taxes made
available to them by the Seller until the Closing Date until the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations. 

(d) 

Election to Close Taxable Year. Seller shall have the right to determine in its sole discretion whether
any elections pursuant to Code Section 338(g) and/or Treasury Regulations Section 1.245A-5(e)(3)(i) (or any similar provision of any state or local Tax Law) shall be made in connection with the
Transaction. If Seller so elects, Seller and Purchaser shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, cooperate with each other to take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to timely effect and preserve each such election in
accordance with the relevant provisions of applicable Law. 

(e) 

Straddle Tax Periods. For all purposes of this Agreement, in the case of any Straddle Tax Period, Taxes
in relation to such Straddle Tax Period shall generally be deemed equal to the amount which would be payable computed based on an interim closing of the books basis as if the relevant Tax period ended as of the close of business on the Closing Date
(and for such purpose, the taxable period of any partnership or other pass-through entity in which a Group Company holds a beneficial interest will be deemed to terminate at such time). In case of Taxes which are triggered upon a taxable event, such
Taxes that are attributable to any taxable events incurred up to and including the Closing Date shall fall within the Straddle Tax Period before and until the Closing Date. All determinations necessary to give effect to the allocation set forth in
the previous sentence shall be made in a manner consistent with past practice of Seller or its Affiliates, as applicable. 

(f) 

Cooperation and Information 

(i) 

Purchaser and Seller shall reasonably cooperate, and Purchaser shall cause each of the Group Companies to
reasonably cooperate, in connection with the preparation, execution and filing of Relevant Tax Returns and any audit, examination, assessment, claim for refund, appeal, lawsuit, or similar proceeding before a Tax Authority or a Tax court with
respect to Pre-Closing Taxes relating to the Group Companies. In particular, Purchaser shall provide and shall cause the Group Companies to provide available information and such information which could
reasonable be made available (at Sellers cost), reasonably necessary for the Seller, including but not limited to any information necessary for the Seller to defend its position against Tax Authorities with regard to Indemnifiable Taxes and
such information reasonably necessary for the Seller to defend against any claims of the 

66 

Purchaser under this Section 12. For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchaser shall only be obliged to provide available documents and information and is not obliged to provide any assessments,
translations, or descriptions unless such assessments, translations, or descriptions have been or have to be prepared anyway. 

(ii) 

The Seller shall be notified fully of any Tax proceedings (e.g., Tax assessments, Tax audits and other
investigations by Tax authorities, appeals and other legal (including court) proceedings with respect to Taxes) relating to Indemnifiable Taxes, Tax Refunds and Overprovisions (Relevant Tax Proceedings) in particular the receipt
by any Group Company of any Tax assessment notice and other administrative order and other written requests and statements made by any Tax authority and all other incidents relating to an Indemnifiable Tax no later than ten (10) Business Days
after the receipt of such communication by the relevant Group Company; the notice shall be reasonably detailed and, with respect to written communication, shall include copies of the documents received by the relevant Group Company;

(iii) 

The Purchaser shall ensure that the Group Companies, upon the Sellers timely prior written request and at
the Sellers costs, will take any measures with respect to any Relevant Tax Proceeding as further specified in this Section. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Purchaser shall ensure that the Seller will be given the opportunity to
(i) provide written comment and written instruction with respect to the conduct of Relevant Tax Proceedings, to (ii) actively lead any meeting in a Tax audit (Betriebsprfungsbesprechungen) in relation to such Relevant Tax
Proceedings. Further Seller shall have a full direction right with respect to the conduct of Relevant Tax Proceedings in all phases of such Relevant Tax Proceedings. The Purchaser shall, and shall procure that the Group Companies will, at
Sellers costs comply with instructions of the Seller, which are in line with applicable laws. The Purchaser shall not be obliged to procure compliance with the instructions under the preceding sentence, if and to extent the Purchaser evidences
that instructions of the Seller lead to a negotiations trade-off against any other Tax position, which would directly or economically not be fully indemnified by the Seller in conducting the Relevant Tax
Proceeding. If the Seller does not provide any qualified written comments regarding a Relevant Tax Proceeding within ten (10) Business Days after being informed of such, it is deemed that Seller does not want to raise any comments in this
regard and agrees to the provided measures. 

Purchaser shall procure that no Tax assessment notice received by any Group
Company from a Tax authority relating to Indemnifiable Taxes will become legally binding without the Sellers prior written approval which shall be deemed to be granted if no objections from the Seller have been received within twenty
(20) Business Days notice after the Seller have been informed and have received the respective information pursuant to Section 12.5(f)(ii). 

67 

(iv) 

In the event that a settlement offer for a Relevant Tax Proceeding is made or received by the Purchaser or the
Group Companies (Relevant Tax Settlement Offer), to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Purchaser shall notify the Seller of such Relevant Tax Settlement Offer no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the
receipt. Upon written request of the Seller, the Seller and the Purchaser shall consult in good faith with respect to any Relevant Tax Settlement Offer. Purchaser shall not agree to settle any Relevant Tax Settlement Offer without the Sellers
prior written approval which shall be deemed to be granted, if the Seller does not provide any qualified written comments regarding a Pre-Closing Tax Settlement Offer within fifteen (15) Business Days
after being informed of such. The Purchaser shall not be obliged to implement the comments of the Seller pursuant to the preceding sentence, if and to extent the Purchaser evidences that the comments of the Seller lead to a breach of applicable Law
or a negotiations trade-off against any other Tax position which would directly or economically not be fully indemnified by the Seller. 

(g) 

Post-Closing Actions. Purchaser shall not cause or permit any Group Company or any Affiliate of
Purchaser to (i) take any action on the Closing Date other than in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) make any Tax election (including any election under Section 338 of the Code with respect to the purchase of the Group
Companies contemplated herein other than pursuant to Section 12.5(d)) that would be effective for any Pre-Closing Tax Period if such election would reasonably be expected to increase the Tax liability of
Seller for a Pre-Closing Tax Period. 

12.6 

Limitations 

(a) 

The claims of the Purchaser under this Section 12 or otherwise in connection with Taxes shall become
time-barred (Verjhrung) upon expiration of a six (6) months period after the point in time at which the Tax assessment underlying the respective claim becomes legally binding (formell
bestandskrftig) and can no longer be changed by Tax Authorities or fiscal courts, but in any event ten (10) years after the Closing. Sec. 203 BGB shall apply. 

(b) 

The aggregate liability of the Seller under this Section 12, except for claims under
Section 12.2(a)(iii), Section 12.2(a)(iv), and Sections 12.1(m) and 12.2(a)(vii) shall in no event exceed an amount of $ 43,500,000 (the Special Tax Cap). For the avoidance of doubt, claims under
Section 12.2(a)(iii), Section 12.2(a)(iv), and Sections 12.1(m) and 12.2(a)(vii), and otherwise in relation to Taxes under this Agreement shall not be restricted. 

(c) 

The Purchaser and the Seller shall not be entitled to a claim pursuant to this Section 12 if such
individual claim or a group of substantially related claims does not exceed the amount of $ 50,000 (Tax De Minimis). For that purpose, the aggregate amount resulting from a Tax audit shall be treated as one claim in order to
determine whether the Tax De Minimis applies. 

(d) 

Notwithstanding any other provision provided for in this Agreement, any limitations to any Purchaser Claim or
other claim by the Purchaser in relation to Taxes under or in connection with this Agreement other than explicitly provided in this Section 12 shall not apply. 

68 

13. 

PURCHASERS WARRANTIES; REMEDIES 

13.1 

Warranties 

The Purchaser hereby guarantees to be liable to the Seller as individual creditor by way of an independent promise of guarantee irrespective of
fault (selbstndiges verschuldensunabhngiges Garantieversprechen) in accordance with 311 para. 1 BGB if and to the extent that the statements provided in Section 13.1(a) through
Section 13.1(d) are incorrect as of the Signing Date. 

(a) 

Corporate Existence; Authority. The Purchaser is a limited partnership with a limited liability company
as general partner (GmbH & Co KG) duly incorporated under the Law of Germany and validly exists. The Purchaser has the corporate power to own its respective properties and to carry on its respective businesses. The
Purchaser has the corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transaction, including to acquire
(pursuant to this Agreement) the Sold Shares, and the voting rights attached thereto. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed by the Purchaser and constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable against the
Purchaser in accordance with its terms and conditions, except for the Enforceability Exceptions. The execution of this Agreement and of each other Transaction Document as well as the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder and
thereunder and the consummation of the Transaction have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser. 

(b) 

Litigation. There is no lawsuit, court action or similar proceeding pending (rechtshngig)
before any court of law or arbitral tribunal, to which the Purchaser is a party, except for such proceedings as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with, prevent or delay the ability of the Purchaser to
enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(c) 

No Insolvency. No bankruptcy, insolvency or judicial composition proceedings have been commenced, or
applied for, under any applicable Law against the Purchaser, nor is the Purchaser compelled under any applicable Law to apply for the commencement of such proceedings. 

(d) 

Equity Financing. 

(i) 

The Purchaser has immediately available funds, at its disposal, as required in order to fulfill its obligations
under this Agreement if and when due, including in particular in respect of the payment of the Estimated Purchase Price. In support of the foregoing, as of the Signing Date, ANTA Sports Products Ltd (the Equity Financing Source),
on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on the other hand, have executed and delivered to the Seller a true, correct and complete copy of an executed equity commitment letter and guarantee, dated as of the Signing Date (as amended, restated,
supplemented, modified, replaced or substituted not in violation of this Agreement, including all exhibits, schedules, and annexes thereto, collectively, the Equity Commitment Letter), pursuant to which the Equity Financing Source
has committed to 

69 

provide the equity financing in an aggregate amount of the Total Purchase Price, and guarantees the proper satisfaction of all current and future obligations of the Purchaser towards the Seller
pursuant to this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein (such equity financing contemplated by the Equity Commitment Letter, the Equity Financing), which Equity Commitment Letter provides that the Seller
is a third-party beneficiary thereto. The Equity Commitment Letter is an Annex to this Agreement and was read out. 

(ii) 

The Equity Commitment Letter is in full force and effect and represents a valid, binding and enforceable
obligation of the Purchaser and each other party thereto, to provide the financing and guarantees contemplated thereby subject only to the satisfaction or waiver of the Financing Conditions, subject to the qualification that such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws of general application relating to or affecting rights of creditors and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity. 

(iii) 

The Equity Commitment Letter has not been amended, supplemented or modified in any manner.

(iv) 

The commitments under the Equity Commitment Letter have not been withdrawn, rescinded, replaced or terminated.

(v) 

No event has occurred which, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or
default on the part of the Purchaser or any other party thereto under the Equity Commitment Letter that could result in the failure of the funding obligations thereunder. 

(vi) 

Neither the Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any agreement, side letter or other
arrangement relating to the Equity Financing, other than as set forth in the Equity Commitment Letter. 

(vii) 

Adequate Proceeds. The aggregate proceeds of the Equity Financing will be sufficient to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the making of all payments to be made by or on behalf of the Purchaser on the Closing Date. 

(viii) 

Conditions to Commitments. There are no conditions precedent related to the funding of the full amount
of the Equity Financing, other than the Financing Conditions. The Purchaser has no reason to believe that it or any other party thereto will be unable to satisfy on a timely basis any term of the Equity Commitment Letter. The Purchaser has no reason
to believe that (A) any of the Financing Conditions will not be satisfied or (B) the Equity Financing will not be made available to the Purchaser on the Closing Date. 

(ix) 

Financing Not a Condition. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that its obligations under this
Agreement are not in any way contingent upon or otherwise subject to or conditional upon the Purchasers consummation of any financing arrangements, the Purchasers obtaining of any financing or the availability, grant, provision or
extension of any financing to the Purchaser (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Equity Financing). 

70 

(e) 

Brokers Fees. The Purchaser is not under any obligation to pay any investment banker, broker,
finder or other intermediary that has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the Purchaser, any brokerage, finders fee or commission in connection with the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transaction,
which is or would become a liability of the Seller or a Seller Related Party in any manner whatsoever. 

13.2 

Remedies 

In the event that any of the statements made by the Purchaser in Section 13.1 is incorrect, the Purchaser shall indemnify
(freistellen) and hold harmless (schadlos halten) the Seller as individual creditor from any damages, and shall compensate it for all losses within the meaning of 249 et seqq. BGB, in each case caused by such breach
of guarantee. All claims of the Seller arising under this Section 13.2 shall become time barred on the first (1st) anniversary of the Closing Date. 

14. 

POST-CLOSING OBLIGATIONS 

14.1 

Use of Retained Marks and Group Company Trademarks 

(a) 

The Purchaser and its Affiliates have, and after the Closing, the Group Companies shall have, no right, title,
interest, license or any other right whatsoever in the Retained Marks, and none of the Retained Companies have, pursuant to the Transaction Documents, assigned such right, title, interest, license or other right to the Purchaser, its Affiliates or
the Group Companies. 

(b) 

For a period of six months following the Closing Date, the Purchaser and the Group Companies shall have the
right to continue to use the marketing and promotional materials, invoices, business cards, schedules, displays, signs, stationery, technical guidelines, product manuals, packing materials and other supplies and similar materials, that were
previously created and included in the inventory of the Group Companies and that incorporate the Retained Marks, solely in the manner such supplies and materials were used by the Group Companies prior to Closing and to the extent that the Purchaser
and the Group Companies maintain the quality of the goods and services associated with the Retained Marks and only in such a way that avoids any confusion between the Seller Related Parties and the Group Companies; provided, however,
that as promptly as practicable after Closing, but in no event after the conclusion of such six month period, the Purchaser shall, and shall cause the Group Companies to, cease and discontinue any use of the Retained Marks and, at the
Purchasers sole cost and expense, remove all Retained Marks from all such supplies and materials, in each case, whether such supplies or materials are held by the Purchaser or the Group Companies or under the control of the Purchaser or the
Group Companies. 

(c) 

Before the Closing, the Seller and its Subsidiaries (including the Group Companies) may execute and file all
documents as shall be necessary or desirable to change the name of the Group Companies to remove the word Callaway or any derivation or translation thereof, from such names. To the extent not already changed by Seller or its

71 

Subsidiaries (including the Group Companies), as promptly as practicable after the Closing but in no event later than two weeks after the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall, and shall cause the
Group Companies to, at the Purchasers sole cost and expense, change the names of the Group Companies to remove the word Callaway or any derivation or translation thereof, including filings with the applicable Administrative
Authority of each jurisdiction in which the ownership or the operation of the Group Companies assets or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be licensed or qualified in such jurisdiction, and providing notice to all
customers, vendors and other suppliers of such name change. 

(d) 

The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold the Seller and the Seller Related Parties harmless from any damages,
liabilities, costs and expenses arising from or out of the use of any Retained Marks or of the word Callaway or any derivation or translation thereof following the Closing Date. 

(e) 

The provisions of this Section 14.1 shall apply mutatis mutandis to use of any Trademarks owned or
used by the Group Companies and of the word Jack Wolfskin by any Seller Related Party. 

14.2 

Wrong Pockets 

(a) 

In the event that at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, the Seller Related Parties receive
or otherwise possess any property or asset of the Group Companies (including Cash and Cash Equivalents) that should belong to the Purchaser Group pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller shall promptly (and in any event no later than 20 Business Days
after the request of the Purchaser) transfer, or cause to be transferred, such property or asset to the appropriate member of the Purchaser Group, as designated by the Purchaser, for no additional consideration and net of the Seller Related
Parties out-of-pocket costs to effectuate such transfer, and to the extent such property or asset is Cash and Cash Equivalents, the Seller shall provide a general
explanation or description of such transfer. Prior to any such transfer, the Seller shall hold such property or asset in trust for the benefit of the Purchaser. In the event that at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, the Seller
Related Parties incur or otherwise have retained any Liability of the Group Companies that should belong to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller shall promptly transfer, or cause to be transferred, such Liability to the appropriate
member of the Purchaser Group, as designated by the Purchaser, and such designated member of the Purchaser Group shall accept and assume such Liability and indemnify the Seller for any amounts paid or incurred by the Seller Related Parties with
respect to such Liability. 

(b) 

In the event that at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, the Purchaser or any of its
Affiliates, including the Group Companies, receives or otherwise possesses any property or asset of the Seller Related Parties (including Cash and Cash Equivalents) that should belong to any of the Seller Related Parties pursuant to this Agreement,
the Purchaser shall promptly (and in any event no later than 20 Business Days after the request of the Seller) transfer, or cause to be transferred, such property or asset to the appropriate Seller Related Party, designated by the Seller, for no
consideration and net of the Purchasers out-of-pocket costs to effectuate such transfer, and to the extent such property or asset is Cash and Cash Equivalents, the
Purchaser shall provide a general explanation or description of such transfer. Prior to any such 

72 

transfer, the Purchaser shall hold such property and asset in trust for the benefit of the Seller. In the event that at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, the Purchaser or any
of its Affiliates, including the Group Companies, incur or otherwise have been transferred any Liability of the Seller Related Parties that should belong to the Seller Related Parties, the Purchaser shall promptly transfer, or cause to be
transferred, such Liability to the appropriate Seller Related Party, designated by the Seller, and such designated Seller Related Party shall accept and assume such Liability and indemnify the Purchaser for any amounts paid by or transferred to the
Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, including the Group Companies, with respect to such Liability. 

14.3 

Non-Solicitation

(a) 

For a period of eighteen (18) months following the Closing Date, 

(i) 

neither the Seller, nor any Seller Related Party, nor any of its Affiliates (including, the Retained Companies)
shall, directly or indirectly solicit or hire (or cause to be directly or indirectly solicited or hired) any Group Company Employees; 

(ii) 

neither the Purchaser, nor any member of the Purchaser Group nor any of its Affiliates (including, after the
Closing the Group Companies) shall, directly or indirectly solicit or hire (or cause to be directly or indirectly solicited or hired) any employee of the Retained Companies as of immediately prior to the Closing (other than the Group Company
Employees), 

provided that, the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) generalized searches by use of
advertising or recruiting efforts (including the use of search firms) that are not specifically targeted at such employees or hiring any individual who responds to any such general solicitation, (b) soliciting or hiring any such employee who is
no longer employed by any of the Group Companies or Retained Companies, respectively and has not been so employed for at least 180 days or (c) soliciting or hiring any such employee who contacts any member of the Purchaser Group or any Seller
Related Party, respectively, or their respective Affiliates, on his or her own initiative regarding employment without any solicitation or encouragement by any member of the Purchaser Group or any Seller Related Party, respectively, or their
respective Affiliates. 

14.4 

Discharge of Directors Liability 

(a) 

Certain individuals that are members of corporate bodies of Group Companies as listed in Annex
14.4(the Withdrawing Board Members) will prior to or as of the Closing resign or be withdrawn from their respective position. The Seller shall procure to provide the Purchaser on Closing Date with duly executed
resignation notices and/or duly executed corporate resolutions regarding the revocation of the relevant Withdrawing Board Members and to execute shareholders resolution pertaining to the full release and exoneration of the Withdrawing Board
Members, as well as any managing director of the Company as of the Closing Date. 

(b) 

The Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries (including the Group Companies) to, for a period of six
(6) years after the Closing, maintain in effect any and all exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses provisions of the organizational documents of the Group Companies, in each case in effect as of the Closing Date, for acts or
omissions occurring on or prior to the Closing. 

73 

(c) 

For a period of six (6) years from the Closing, the Purchaser shall purchase and maintain in effect
directors and officers liability insurance covering those Persons who are currently covered by the Group Companies directors and officers liability insurance policies on terms not less favorable than the terms of such
current insurance coverage; provided, however, that (i) the Purchaser may cause such coverage to be extended under the current directors and officers liability insurance by obtaining a
six-year tail policy containing terms not less favorable than the terms of such current insurance coverage with respect to claims existing or occurring at or prior to the Closing; and (ii) if
any claim is asserted or made within such six-year period, any insurance required to be maintained under this Section 14.4(c) shall be continued in respect of such claim until the final disposition
thereof. 

(d) 

In the event the Purchaser or any Group Company or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with
or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in either such
case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of such Group Company shall assume all of the obligations set forth in this Section 14.4 

14.5 

Certain Other Discharges 

The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller and any of the Sellers or Seller Related Partys officers, directors or
employees, advisors or agents (herein each a Beneficiary) from and against any and all losses, liabilities (whether present or future, actual or contingent), damages and reasonable costs and expenses (including Taxes, reasonable
costs, expenses and legal fees as well as disbursements) arising out of or in connection with the conduct of the Target Business for which any Beneficiary is held liable or for which liability against any Beneficiary is asserted, in each case in its
capacity as former director, officer, board member, employee, advisor or agent of a Group Company, in each case unless and to the extent such liability is based on willful deceit (arglistige Tuschung), or intentional behavior
(Vorsatz) by the Seller or the relevant Beneficiary. 

14.6 

Retention of Books and Records and Post-Closing Access. 

(a) 

The Retained Companies may retain a copy of any or all of the Group Company Records and any other materials
that are otherwise in the possession or under the control of any Retained Company relating to the conduct of the business of the Group Companies on or before the Closing Date. The Purchaser agrees to hold at least one copy of all Group Company
Records that constitute all Group Company Records of the Group Companies that exist as of the Closing and not to destroy or dispose of such copy for a period of seven years from the Closing Date or such longer time as may be required by Law. The
Seller agrees to hold at least one copy of all Group Company Records, in each case, that are in the possession or under the control of the Seller or its Subsidiaries to the extent relating to the conduct of the business of the Group Companies on or
before the Closing Date, and not to destroy or dispose of such copy for a period of seven years from the Closing Date or such longer time as may be required by Law. 

74 

(b) 

From and after the Closing, the Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Affiliates (including the Group Companies)
to, (i) give Seller and its Representatives reasonable access to the Group Company Records held by the Purchaser and its Affiliates, including the Group Companies, to the extent relating to the business or operations of the Group Companies on
or before the Closing Date, (ii) furnish to the Seller and its Representatives such financial and operating data and other information to the extent relating to the business or the operations of the Group Companies on or before the Closing Date
and (iii) to cooperate (in a commercially reasonable manner) with the Seller and procure (including by resolving on an instruction to the Companys management) that the Group Companies cooperate with the Seller and its Representatives, in
each case, to the extent reasonably requested by the Seller in connection with accounting, Tax, SEC reporting and other similar needs to the extent relating to the business or operations of the Group Companies on or before the Closing Date.

(c) 

From and after the Closing, the Seller shall, and shall cause other Seller Related Parties to (A) give the
Purchaser and its Representatives reasonable access to the records of the Seller Related Parties to the extent relating to the Group Companies on or before the Closing Date, (B) furnish to the Purchaser and its Representatives such financial
and operating data and other information to the extent relating to the Group Companies on or before the Closing Date and (C) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the employees of the Seller Related Parties to cooperate with the
Purchaser, its Affiliates and their respective Representatives, in each case, to the extent reasonably requested by the Purchaser or its Affiliate in connection with accounting, Tax, SEC, HKLR reporting (for the avoidance of doubt, including without
limitation any voluntary announcement permitted under the HKLR) and other similar needs to the extent relating to the Group Companies on or before the Closing Date. 

(d) 

Any such access contemplated under Section 14.6(b) or Section 14.6(c) shall be granted in a manner as
not to interfere unreasonably with the normal conduct of the business of the Party granting such access and at the sole cost and expense of the Party exercising such access right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Party may withhold such access, as
and to the extent necessary to avoid violation or waiver, to any document or information the disclosure of which could reasonably be expected to violate any contract or any Law or would result in the waiver of any legal privilege or work-product
privilege; provided that, to the extent practicable and in accordance with such contract or Law, and in a manner that does not result in the waiver of any such privilege, such Party shall make reasonable and appropriate substitute disclosure
arrangements under circumstances in which these restrictions apply; provided, further, that nothing in this Section 14 shall limit in any respect any rights any Party may have with respect to discovery or the production of
documents or other information in connection with any litigation. 

14.7 

Further Assurances; Support of Transaction. 

(a) 

The Seller and the Purchaser agree that, from and after the Closing Date, each of them shall, and shall cause
their respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver such further instruments of conveyance and transfer and take such other action as may reasonably be requested by such Party to carry out the purposes and intents hereof. 

75 

(b) 

Without limiting any covenant contained in this Agreement, during the
Pre-Closing Period, the Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all consents of third parties set out in Annex 14.7(b) (collectively, the Specified Third Party
Consents); provided, that no such Specified Third Party Consents shall be required to be obtained as a condition to Closing. To the extent the Closing occurs and one or more such Specified Third Party Consents have not been
obtained, the Seller shall continue to use its commercially reasonable efforts post-Closing for a period of 90 days to obtain any such Specified Third Party Consents not obtained prior to Closing in accordance with Section 14.7(c).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any Retained Company be required to commence, defend or participate in any claim, or offer or grant any additional consideration or other accommodation (financial or otherwise) to any third party
(each, an Extraordinary Action) in connection with obtaining any consents in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(c) 

If following the Closing any Specified Third Party Consent under any contract between any Group Company and any
third party (a Specified Third Party Contract) remains outstanding or is discovered to exist, the Purchaser and the Seller shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, cooperate and use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain such Specified Third Party Consent from the applicable third party for a period of 90 days following the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any Retained Company be required to take any Extraordinary Action in
connection with the foregoing. If any such Specified Third Party Consent is not able to be obtained, then, subject to the Sellers compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Seller will be deemed to have fulfilled its obligations under this
Agreement and no Retained Company will be subject to any Liability solely on account of the failure to obtain the Specified Third Party Consent. The Purchaser further agrees that, subject to the Sellers compliance with the terms of this
Agreement, no representation, warranty or covenant of the Seller contained in this Agreement shall be breached or deemed to be breached, and no condition to the Purchasers obligations to close the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be deemed not satisfied solely as a result of the failure to obtain any such Specified Third Party Consent. 

(d) 

Contact with Employees, Customers and Suppliers. Until the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall not, and
shall cause its Representatives not to, contact or communicate with the employees (other than pursuant to Section 4.2 and the Continuing Employees pursuant to Section 5.1), employee representatives, unions, customers, potential customers,
suppliers or licensors of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Persons having a business relationship with Seller or any of its Subsidiaries, concerning the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of Seller.

14.8 

Transition Services Agreement 

The Parties agree that, following the Signing Date, they shall engage in good faith negotiations to finalize and enter into the Transition
Services Agreement on or before Closing, provided that the failure to enter into the Transition Services Agreement at or prior to the Closing shall not be a condition to Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that the
execution and validity of any agreement(s) regarding the terms of the Transition Services Agreement set forth on Annex 1.4(rrr) is subject to the execution of a definitive agreement containing the terms and conditions fully
satisfactory to each of the Parties and that the decision by a Party not to enter into any such Transition Services Agreement following good faith negotiations shall not be deemed a breach of such Partys obligations under this Agreement and
will not create any liability or obligation of any kind, monetary or otherwise, for such Party towards the other Party. 

76 

15. 

SPECIFIC INDEMNITIES 

15.1 

CGKK & JW North America 

(a) 

The Seller shall provide a written confirmation to the Purchaser promptly after all assets and Liabilities of
Jack Wolfskin North America, Inc. (JW North America) and Callaway Golf Kabushiki Kaisha, a Japanese company (CGKK), in each case, other than de minimis assets or liabilities, have been fully written off
or terminated, confirming that no further obligations, other than de minimis obligations, remain on any Group Company related to these entities. 

(b) 

Should any Liabilities, other than de minimis Liabilities, on any Group Company related to JW North
America or CGKK arise after Closing with respect to any activities of JW North America or CGKK taken prior to Closing, the Seller agrees to bear all such Liabilities, other than de minimis Liabilities, in full and indemnify and hold the
Purchaser harmless from any claims, damages, or expenses incurred in connection with such Liabilities. 

15.2 

Further Indemnities 

The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser or, at Purchasers discretion, the Group Companies from any damages,
liabilities, costs and expenses in connection with 

(a) 

any action taken pursuant to Section 4.6(a) (including any economic or cash implication resulting
therefrom), but excluding any Taxes resulting therefrom, for which exclusively Section 12.2(a)(v) shall apply; 

(b) 

any claims against Purchaser or any Group Companies resulting from the reduction in force conducted by Jack
Wolfskin Ausrstung fr Draussen GmbH & Co. KGaA in the year 2024, including but not limited to claims resulting from the failure to enter into a prior implementation agreement (Interessenausgleich) with the works council;
and 

(c) 

any claims against Purchaser or any Group Companies arising from the failure to renew the mandate of the
supervisory board members of Jack Wolfskin Ausrstung fr Draussen GmbH & Co. KGaA, including but not limited to any claims with regard to any invalidity of legal acts undertaken by the supervisory board as a result of the non-renewal.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 15.2 shall constitute
Exempted Claims pursuant to Section 11.6(b)(v), and shall subject to the remedies and limitations on indemnification set forth in Section 11 in all respects. 

77 

15.3 

Specified Litigation 

(a) 

The Parties acknowledge that there is ongoing litigation involving one or more entities within the Group
Companies as detailed in Annex 9.14 (the Specified Litigation). The Seller shall retain full ownership, control, and management of the Specified Litigation, including the right to direct all legal proceedings, appoint legal
counsel, settle or otherwise resolve the matter at its sole discretion, and take any other actions it deems appropriate in connection with the Specified Litigation. 

(b) 

The Seller shall be solely responsible for all legal fees, court costs, expert fees, settlements, judgments,
and any other expenses incurred in connection with the Specified Litigation (the Litigation Costs). Under no circumstances shall the Purchaser or the Group Companies be required to make any payments or contributions towards the
Litigation Costs, whether directly or indirectly. The Seller shall fully indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Purchaser and the Group Companies from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, costs, claims, demands, judgments,
penalties, fines, settlements, legal fees, and expenses arising from or relating to the Specified Litigation, including but not limited to any adverse judgments or settlement payments. 

(c) 

In the event of a favorable outcome in the Specified Litigation, including but not limited to a final judgment
in favor of the Group Companies or any settlement resulting in financial compensation, any and all proceeds, recoveries, or benefits (including any tax benefits) derived from the Specified Litigation shall be exclusively for the benefit of the
Seller. The Purchaser and the Group Companies shall take all necessary steps, at the Sellers expense, to facilitate the Sellers receipt thereof. 

(d) 

The Purchaser agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Seller in connection with the Specified Litigation,
including providing access to relevant records, personnel, and information, to the extent reasonably necessary to allow the Seller to exercise its rights under this Section 15.3. 

(e) 

The Parties acknowledge and agree that following the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall have no obligation,
liability, or responsibility whatsoever with respect to the Specified Litigation, except for its obligation to comply with reasonable requests for cooperation as provided in Section 15.3(d), at Purchasers cost and expense. Under no
circumstances shall the Purchaser be liable for any adverse judgment, legal costs of the Seller, or other financial obligations arising out of or in connection with the Specified Litigation. 

16. 

CONFIDENTIALITY; PRESS RELEASE; VIRTUAL DATA ROOM 

16.1 

Confidentiality Obligation 

(a) 

Subject to Section 16.2, the Seller shall not, and cause Seller Related Parties not to, and shall instruct
their Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, for a period of two years after the Closing Date, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, disclose to any third party (other than each other and their respective Representatives) any
confidential information with respect to the Group Companies; provided that, the foregoing restriction shall not (i) apply to any information (A) pertaining to the Retained Companies, (B) generally available to, or known by,
the public (other than as a result of disclosure in violation of this Section 16.1(a)), (C) that was independently developed by any Retained Company (other than by the Group Companies prior to the Closing) without use of any confidential
information with respect to the Group Companies or (D) that was made available to the Seller by a third party with the right to disclose such information, or (ii) prohibit any disclosure (A) in compliance with applicable Laws or as
required by Law or any listing agreement with any national securities exchange, so long as, to the extent legally permissible and reasonably 

78 

practicable under the circumstances, the Seller provides the Purchaser with reasonable prior notice of such disclosure, (B) necessary to be made in connection with the enforcement of any
right or remedy relating to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, or (C) to any purchaser or prospective purchaser, any financing source or prospective financing source or any underwriter, arranger or
bookrunner or prospective underwriter, arranger or bookrunner of any Indebtedness or equity interests or other securities or obligations of the Seller or the Retained Companies or otherwise in connection with such Persons financial,
accounting, Tax or similar due diligence of any of the Seller or the Retained Companies, including any disclosure required under the ABL Credit Facility (or any refinancing or replacement thereof). 

(b) 

Subject to Section 16.2, the Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries (including, after the
Closing, the Group Companies) not to, and shall instruct its Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, for a period of two years after the Closing Date, without the prior written consent of the Seller, disclose to any third party (other than
each other and their respective Representatives) any confidential information with respect to the Retained Companies; provided that, the foregoing restriction shall not (i) apply to any information (A) generally available to, or
known by, the public (other than as a result of disclosure in violation of this Section 16.1(b)), (B) that was independently developed by the Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Group Companies) without use of any confidential
information with respect to the Retained Companies or (C) that was made available to the Purchaser by a third party with the right to disclose such information, or (ii) prohibit any disclosure (A) in compliance with applicable Laws so
long as, to the extent legally permissible and reasonably practicable under the circumstances, the Purchaser provides the Seller with reasonable prior notice of such disclosure or (B) necessary to be made in connection with the enforcement of
any right or remedy relating to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 

16.2 

Public Announcement 

(a) 

The Seller and the Purchaser agree that no public release or announcement concerning the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be issued or made by or on behalf of any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that (a) the Seller and its Subsidiaries may make announcements from time to time to their respective
employees, customers, suppliers and other business relations, and (b) each of the Seller and the Purchaser may make announcements as they may reasonably determine is necessary to comply with, or is otherwise advisable or appropriate in
connection with applicable Law (including without limitation the SEC, the HKLR or NYSE rules and regulations), or is necessary to comply with the requirements of any agreement to which they or any of their Subsidiaries is a party as of the date
hereof, including any listing agreement with any national securities exchange. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement or otherwise, the Parties shall consult with each other and shall take into account the reasonable
interest of the respective other Party prior to making any public release or announcement regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Transaction Documents; provided, that, to the extent the content of any public release
or announcement has been approved and made in accordance with this Section 16.2(a), no separate opportunity to consult shall be required in respect of such content to the extent replicated in whole or in part in any subsequent public release or
announcement or other public statement. 

79 

(b) 

The Seller and the Purchaser agree to keep the terms of this Agreement confidential, except to the extent and
to the Persons to whom disclosure is required by applicable Law or for purposes of compliance with the SEC, HKLR, NYSE financial or Tax reporting obligations or otherwise allowed under Section 16.2(a); provided that, the Parties may
disclose this Agreement or its terms: 

(i) 

to their respective employees, accountants, advisors and other Representatives as necessary in connection with
the ordinary conduct of their respective businesses (so long as such Persons agree to, or are bound by contractual, professional or fiduciary obligations to, keep the terms of this Agreement confidential and so long as each Party shall be
responsible to the other Parties hereto for breach of this Section 16.2 or such confidentiality obligations by the recipients of its disclosure); or 

(ii) 

to any purchaser or prospective purchaser, any financing source or prospective financing source or any
underwriter, arranger or bookrunner or prospective underwriter, arranger or bookrunner of any indebtedness or equity interests or other securities or obligations of such Party or the Retained Companies (and such purchasers, financing
sources and underwriters respective legal counsel) in connection with such Persons due diligence of such Party or the Retained Companies, including any disclosure required under the ABL Credit Facility (or any refinancing or
replacement thereof) (so long as such Persons agree to, or are bound by contractual, professional or fiduciary obligations to, keep the terms of this Agreement confidential). 

16.3 

Virtual Data Room 

The documents (including Q&A tool content) that were prior to Signing made available for inspection in the VDR for purposes of the Due
Diligence Review have been saved on electronic storage media and copies thereof will be rendered to each Party as well as to the acting notary. Each Party and an arbitration tribunal pursuant to Section 20.2 may request to be furnished with a
copy of the media at the requesting Partys costs, provided that the costs for any copy to be provided to an arbitration tribunal shall be shared between the Parties. The acting notary is hereby instructed to deposit the electronic storage
media for a period of at least five (5) years after the Signing Date and thereafter may destroy the electronic storage media unless the Parties jointly direct otherwise. 

17. 

COSTS AND TAXES 

(a) 

Each Party shall bear its own costs (including the costs of its advisors) relating to the preparation,
negotiation, execution, and consummation of this Agreement (and each ancillary agreement). 

(b) 

The costs of the notarization of this Agreement shall be borne by the Purchaser. 

(c) 

The cost and fees in relation to the Filings and the obtaining of Clearances (other than the costs of its
advisors which each Party shall bear) shall be borne by the Purchaser. 

80 

(d) 

Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, German real estate transfer tax and any other transfer Taxes
or stamp duties triggered by or arising from the signing and/or consummation of this Agreement (if any) or any parts thereof shall be borne by the Purchaser. Any transfer Taxes, e.g., German real estate transfer tax, triggered or increased as
a consequence of the violation of the Seller of any obligation or warranty under this Agreement shall exclusively be borne by the Seller. 

(e) 

PN7 Taxes

(i) 

The Seller shall, at the Sellers sole cost and expense, make (i) transaction reporting and
(ii) corporate income Tax (including withholding income Tax) filings to the PRC Tax Authority pursuant to PN7 in connection with the indirect transfer of the PRC Group Companys equity as a result of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (the PN7 Reporting). The PN7 Reporting shall be completed as promptly as practicable and, in any event within thirty (30) days, following the Signing Date. 

(ii) 

The Seller shall provide a full set of draft submission documents in respect of the PN7 Reporting (which may
include a letter of explanation of the transactions contemplated hereby; a self-assessment of whether such transactions are subject to Tax under PN7; any Tax calculations and Tax Returns (if applicable); any extracts of this Agreement to be filed;
and any supporting documents (including Chinese translations) thereof) to Purchaser at least five (5) Business Days before submission to the PRC Tax Authority for Purchasers review. The Seller shall consider in good faith any reasonable
comments that are made by Purchaser. The Seller shall notify Purchaser of the details of any material updates relating to the PN7 Reporting as well as any subsequent material discussion between the Seller and the PRC Tax Authority with respect to
such PN7 Reporting. 

(iii) 

The Seller shall promptly provide Purchaser with copies of (i) the PN7 Reporting documents duly filed and
executed by the Seller; and (ii) any acknowledgement issued by the PRC Tax Authority that such PN7 Reporting documents have been received. 

(iv) 

If the applicable PRC Tax Authority determines that the indirect transfer of PRC Group Companys equity is
not subject to PN7 Taxes, the Seller shall provide the Purchaser with any relevant evidence of such determination (collectively, Non-PN7 Evidence). 

(v) 

If the applicable PRC Tax Authority determines that the indirect transfer of PRC Group Companys equity is
subject to PN7 Taxes, the Seller shall provide a reasonably detailed computation of the gain on the indirect transfer of PRC Group Company and a copy of any applicable Tax Returns to Purchaser (collectively, the Due PN7 Evidence
and such amount of PN7 Taxes, the Due PN7 Taxes). The Seller, if liable for Due PN7 Taxes, pay such Due PN7 Taxes in accordance with applicable Law and provide the Purchaser with a copy of the stamped Tax Return and the Tax
payment receipt issued by the applicable PRC Tax Authority in respect of such payment, in each case, to the extent actually issued by the PRC Tax Authority (the PN7 Tax Receipt). For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller shall be
liable for 100% of the Due PN7 Taxes, and neither Purchaser nor any Group Company shall directly or indirectly bear any Due PN7 Taxes. 

81 

(vi) 

For that purpose: 

(A) 

PN7 means the Notice Regarding Certain Corporate Income Tax Matters on Indirect Transfer of
Properties by Non-Tax Resident Enterprises (Guoshuigonggao [2015] No.7) issued by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, effective as of February 3, 2015 (including subsequent amending
provisions, as well as any interpretations or procedural rules related thereto). 

(B) 

PN7 Taxes means any corporate income Tax (inclusive of withholding income Tax) and
associated interest or penalties that are levied in accordance with PN7. 

(C) 

PRC shall mean the Peoples Republic of China, but solely for purposes of this
Agreement, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region and the islands of Taiwan. 

(f) 

Advance Pricing Arrangement. The Seller shall until the Closing procure that the advance pricing
arrangement of PRC Group Company will be implemented by and between the Group Companies. The Purchaser shall procure for any period after the Closing that the advance pricing arrangement of PRC Group Company will be implemented by and between the
Group Companies. Seller agrees to be responsible for any balancing payments in the Pre-Closing Period as required by a mutually agreed advance pricing agreement. Purchaser agrees to not submit any position to
the PRC that is materially inconsistent with the Sellers original positions in its application. 

18. 

NOTICES 

18.1 

Form of Notices 

All notices, communications and declarations of will (Willenserklrungen) which are made pursuant to, or in connection with, this
Agreement (the Notices) shall be made in writing in the English language to the Parties at the addresses, and marked for the attention of the persons, set out in Section 18.2 and shall be transmitted by hand, by post or
courier service, or by email (i.e., email with the copy of a written document attached as a scan, jpg. or similar format), which email, however, subject to the following proviso, to comply with the requirements of this Agreement,
(a) needs to contain the subject line Formal Notice under the Cadillac SPA (or words to a similar effect providing reasonable indication that a Notice is being delivered in connection therewith) and (b) the sender of such email
must within one (1) Business Day send a confirming copy of such notice by FedEx or other nationally recognized overnight service to the address provided for in Section 18.2 (as may be updated in accordance with Section 18.3),
provided that communication by simple email in text form is permitted for the purpose of (i) transmitting, or requesting the transmission of, information pursuant to corresponding obligations or rights under to this Agreement and
(ii) requesting or granting a consent/approval required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

82 

18.2 

Addresses 

Notices to be delivered to the Parties or a Party shall (subject to any changes notified in accordance with Section 18.3) be made to the
following addresses: 

(a) Seller 

Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp.

2180 Rutherford
Road

Carlsbad, CA 92008

Email: *

Attn: Heather D. McAllister, General Counsel

with a copy to

(for information purposes
only) 

Latham & Watkins LLP

12670 High Bluff
Drive

San Diego, CA 92130

Email: *

Attn: Craig M. Garner; Kevin C. Reyes; Leif U. Schrader

(b) Purchaser 

Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG

Youco24
Business Center

Amelia-Mary-Earhart-Str. 8

60549 Frankfurt am Main

Attn: Dennis Tao, Managing Director,
Michael Korbik, Managing Director

Email: *

with a copy to

(for information purposes
only) 

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP

Kniginstrae 9

80539 Munich

Germany

Email: *

Attn: Connie Cheung, Florian Harder

18.3 

Change of Address 

Any change of address shall only become effective
vis--vis a respective Party upon notification thereof pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to the respective Party and any delays regarding the actual
delivery of a Notice rendered by a Party shall be disregarded for the benefit of such first-mentioned Party if and to the extent caused by the respective other Partys failure to duly and timely provide Notice regarding a relevant change of
address. 

19. 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

19.1 

Partial Invalidity 

If one or more provisions of this Agreement are or become wholly or partially invalid, void and/or unenforceable, this shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement. The same shall apply if this Agreement contains an inadvertent contractual omission. Instead of the invalid, void and/or unenforceable provision, the Parties shall take any

83 

actions necessary to render the remaining provisions of this Agreement valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by Law and, to the extent necessary, agree on an arrangement which
corresponds as closely as legally possible with what the Parties were trying to achieve commercially with the invalid, void and/or unenforceable provision (or, as the case may be, the invalid, void and/or unenforceable part thereof). In the event
that an inadvertent contractual omission needs to be filled, an arrangement shall be agreed upon which, in accordance with the purpose and intent of this Agreement, corresponds commercially as closely as legally possible with what the Parties would
have agreed upon if they had thought about the matter at the time of conclusion of this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 19.1 shall not be construed as merely shifting the burden of proof (keine reineBeweislastregel),
but shall apply absolutely (contractual exclusion of 139 BGB in its entirety). 

19.2 

Currency and Conversion Rates 

In the event that conversion rates have to be applied to determine any amount pursuant to this Agreement, the conversion rates to be applied
shall be the currency exchange rates as published by the European Central Bank on the following website (or any replacement thereof): 

http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/policy_and_exchange_rates/euro_reference_exchange_rates/html/index.en.html 

at 4:00 p.m. local time in Frankfurt a.M., Germany on the Business Day before such relevant reference date. In the event that such
exchange rates are not published on such relevant Business Day, the exchange rates published at 4:00 p.m. local time in Frankfurt a.M., Germany on the latest day before such Business Day shall be relevant and if the European Central Bank
generally does not publish exchange rates for a certain currency, the exchange rates published on the electronic market information provider Thomson Reuters shall be relevant. In the event that a conversion rate for estimations referring to a
specific reference date has to be determined, the relevant reference date for the estimation shall be the date on which such estimation is made. 

19.3 

Entire Agreement 

This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitutes the full understanding of the Parties and the complete and exclusive statement
of the terms and conditions of the Parties agreements relating to the subject matter hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, that may
exist between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement or parts thereof, subject, however, to that the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall continue to apply in accordance with its terms through the Closing of the
Transaction and the Equity Commitment Letter. 

19.4 

Dates and Times 

All references to dates and times in this Agreement refer, unless otherwise specified, to the local date and time in Germany. 

84 

19.5 

Written Form 

This Agreement may only be amended by an instrument in writing duly executed by the Parties (but not necessarily the same individuals) and
which makes reference to this Agreement. No change, termination or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on the Parties, unless made in writing in accordance with this Section 19.5. This shall also apply to
any waiver of the need to comply with the provisions of this Section 19.5. The foregoing is without prejudice to any stricter mandatory form requirements under applicable Law. 

19.6 

No Assignment et al. 

Unless expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement or otherwise agreed in writing between the relevant creditor(s) and debtor(s) in relation
to the relevant rights or claims, no Party shall be entitled to assign (abtreten), transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of any rights or claims under or in connection with this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
Party/ies being the debtor(s) in relation to the relevant rights or claims; provided that (i) the Purchaser may assign any payment claims it may have under this Agreement (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, primary performance claims
(auer Ansprche auf die Erfllung von Hauptleistungspflichten)) for security purposes to the banks, financing institutions and/or bondholders financing the Transaction and/or any agent or trustee acting on their
behalf and (ii) to Insurers in connection with the W&I Insurance (subject to, for the avoidance of doubt, the Subrogation Waiver). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the foregoing prohibits any legal succession by way of merger, accretion
or similar measure. 

19.7 

No Retention or Set-off

Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, or in respect of undisputed or finally adjudicated claims, a Partys right of set-off (aufrechnen), retention (zurckbehalten) or other refusal of performance with regard to its obligations under this Agreement (and/or under any ancillary agreement) shall be excluded. The
foregoing is without prejudice to a Partys rights to withhold performance of any Closing Action it owes in accordance with the agreed upon sequence of Closing Actions. 

19.8 

Rights of Third Parties 

Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement shall only grant rights to the Parties and shall not constitute a
contract for the benefit of third parties (Vertrag zu Gunsten Dritter) or a contract with protective effect for third parties (Vertrag mit Schutzwirkung fr Dritte). In case provisions of this Agreement are expressly
provided to constitute a contract for the benefit of a third party or third parties, (i) such third partys consent shall not be required for any change, amendment or termination of, or waiver of claims under, this Agreement and/or any
ancillary agreement and (ii) each entitled Party and each third-party beneficiary shall have the individual right to request and enforce performance of the relevant provisions; provided that performance of one and the same obligation may
only be claimed once. 

19.9 

No Rescission 

Without prejudice to Sections 7, the Parties waive and exclude their rights and any claims, if any, to annul, rescind, dissolve or amend
this Agreement (or any ancillary agreement) in whole or in part, except by mutual agreement in the form as provided in this Agreement or in respect of rights and/or claims in the event of fraud (Betrug) and/or willful deceit (arglistige
Tuschung) but only to the extent these rights and/or claims cannot be excluded under mandatory applicable Law and subject to the terms of this Agreement. In the event of a breach of any covenant or obligations pursuant to this Agreement by
the Seller, the only remedy for the Purchaser shall be a claim for specific performance or for damages, and, in each case, only as specifically provided in this Agreement. 

85 

19.10 

Interpretation 

(a) 

Defined Terms. In case of defined terms, any reference to the singular includes a reference to the
plural and vice versa, unless expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, and any reference to the masculine includes a reference to the feminine and vice versa, and (unless the context clearly indicates the contrary) the words
including and in particular shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. References to the term domestic shall mean German and references to the term foreign shall mean non-German. References to dollar or $ shall be United States dollars. 

(b) 

Successors. Where reference is made in this Agreement to a certain legal entity, such reference shall,
for the avoidance of doubt, always include any legal successor of the referenced entity (e.g., the receiving entity in a merger). 

19.11 

Headings 

The headings in this Agreement are merely for convenience. They shall be disregarded for the purposes of interpreting this Agreement. 

19.12 

Annexes 

The annexes to this Agreement shall form an integral part of this Agreement and any reference to this Agreement in this Agreement is to be
understood as a reference to this Agreement including its annexes. 

20. 

GOVERNING LAW; ARBITRATION 

20.1 

Governing Law 

This Agreement and any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (and/or any ancillary agreement) shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive Law of Germany (deutsches Sachrecht Sachnormverweisung), for the avoidance of doubt excluding the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG).

20.2 

Arbitration and Venue 

Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (or any ancillary agreement), or the breach, termination
or invalidity thereof (Dispute), shall be submitted to an arbitral tribunal (Schiedsgericht) and shall be exclusively and finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the arbitration rules of the German Institution of
Arbitration e.V. (Deutsche Institution fr Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit e.V.) as applicable at the time of the initiation of the arbitration proceedings without recourse to the ordinary courts of law. The arbitral tribunal shall be composed of
three (3) arbitrators to be appointed in accordance with said rules. The seat and place of arbitration shall be Frankfurt a.M., Germany. The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. 

86 

To the extent that mandatory Law provides that a Dispute arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement (or any ancillary agreement), or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, is to be submitted to and decided by a court of law, the courts of Frankfurt a.M., Germany shall have jurisdiction (which shall be exclusive to the
extent legally permissible). 

The costs of an arbitration or litigation shall be borne by the Parties in accordance with Sections 91 and 92
of the German Civil Procedure (Zivilprozessordnung). 

21. 

PRIVILEGED MATTERS; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

21.1 

Privileged Matters 

The Parties agree that their respective rights and obligations to maintain, preserve, assert or waive any attorney-client and work product
privileges belonging to the other Parties with respect to the Group Companies and the Retained Companies (collectively, Privileges) shall be governed by the provisions of this Section 21.1. With respect to matters relating to
the Retained Companies, and with respect to all Group Company Records, documents, communications or other information (collectively, Information) of any of the Retained Companies prepared in connection with this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby, the Seller shall have sole authority to determine whether to assert or waive any Privileges, including the right to assert any Privilege against the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries. The Purchaser shall not, and shall
cause its Subsidiaries (including, after the Closing, the Group Companies) not to, take any action without the prior written consent of the Seller that would reasonably be expected to result in any waiver of any such Privileges of the Seller. After
the Closing, the Purchaser shall have sole authority to determine whether to assert or waive any Privileges with respect to matters relating to the Group Companies (except for the Information prepared in connection with this Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby). However, the Purchaser may not assert any such Privileges of the Purchaser related to pre-Closing advice or communications relating
to the Group Companies against the Retained Companies. The Seller shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, take any action after the Closing without the prior written consent of the Purchaser that would reasonably be expected to result in
any waiver of any such Privileges of the Purchaser. The rights and obligations created by this Section 21.1 shall apply to all Information as to which the Retained Companies or the Group Companies would be entitled to assert or has asserted a
Privilege without regard to the effect, if any, of the transactions contemplated hereby (the Privileged Information). Upon receipt by the Retained Companies, or the Purchaser or its Subsidiaries (including, after the Closing, the
Group Companies), as the case may be, of any subpoena, discovery or other request from any third party that actually or arguably calls for the production or disclosure of Privileged Information of the other or if the Retained Companies or the
Purchaser or its Subsidiaries (including, after the Closing, the Group Companies), as the case may be, obtains knowledge that any current or former employee of the Retained Companies or the Group Companies has received any subpoena, discovery or
other request from any third party that actually or arguably calls for the production or disclosure of Privileged Information of the other Party, such Party shall promptly notify the other of the existence of the request and shall provide the other
a reasonable opportunity to review the Information and to assert any rights it may have under this Section 21.1 or otherwise to prevent the production or disclosure of Privileged Information. The Sellers transfer of any Group Company
Records or other Information to the Purchaser in accordance with this Agreement and the Sellers agreement to permit the Purchaser to obtain Information existing prior to the Closing are made in reliance on the Parties respective
agreements, as set 

87 

forth in Section 16.2 and this Section 21.1, to maintain the confidentiality of such Information and to take the steps provided herein for the preservation of all Privileges that may
belong to or be asserted by the Seller or the Purchaser, as the case may be. The access to Group Company Records and other Information being granted pursuant to Sections 4.2, 12 and 14.6 and the disclosure to the Purchaser and the Seller of
Privileged Information relating to the Group Companies or the Retained Companies pursuant to this Agreement in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall not be asserted by the Seller or the Purchaser to constitute, or otherwise be
deemed, a waiver of any Privilege that has been or may be asserted under this Section 21.1 or otherwise. 

21.2 

Conflicts of Interest 

The Purchaser hereby waives and agrees not to assert, and after the Closing, the Purchaser shall cause the Group Companies to waive and not
assert, any conflict of interest arising out of or relating to the representation, after the Closing, of any of the Retained Companies or other Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, employees or directors (any such person, a
Designated Person) in any matter involving this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, by Latham & Watkins LLP or any other legal counsel (Prior
Company Counsel) currently or previously representing any Designated Person in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Purchaser and the Seller agree that, following the Closing, Prior Company Counsel may serve as counsel to any Designated Person in connection with any matters related to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including any litigation, claim or obligation arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement notwithstanding any representation by Prior Company Counsel prior to the Closing, and the Purchaser (on
behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries (including, after the Closing, the Group Companies)) hereby agrees that, in the event that a dispute arises after the Closing between the Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries (including, after the Closing, the
Group Companies), on the one hand, and any Designated Person, on the other hand, Prior Company Counsel may represent one or more Designated Persons in such dispute even though the interests of such Person(s) may be directly adverse to the Purchaser
or its Subsidiaries (including, after the Closing, the Group Companies) and even though Prior Company Counsel may have represented such Group Company in a matter substantially related to such dispute. 

*** 

88
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d948334dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This THIRD AMENDMENT TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of
April 9, 2025, is entered into by and among the Lenders (as defined below) signatory hereto, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as administrative agent and as security trustee for the Lenders (in such capacity, Agent), TOPGOLF
CALLAWAY BRANDS CORP., a Delaware corporation (Parent), CALLAWAY GOLF SALES COMPANY, a California corporation (Callaway Sales), CALLAWAY GOLF BALL OPERATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation
(Callaway Operations), OGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Utah corporation, (Ogio), TRAVISMATHEW, LLC, a California limited liability company (travisMathew), JACK WOLFSKIN NORTH
AMERICA, INC., a Delaware corporation (Domestic Jack Wolfskin), TOP GOLF USA INC., a Delaware corporation (Topgolf USA and together with Parent, Callaway Sales, Callaway Operations, Ogio, travisMathew
and Domestic Jack Wolfskin, collectively, U.S. Borrowers), CALLAWAY GOLF CANADA LTD., a Canada corporation (Canadian Borrower), JACK WOLFSKIN AUSRSTUNG FR DRAUSSEN GMBH & CO.
KGAA, a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany (German Borrower), CALLAWAY GOLF EUROPE LTD., a company incorporated under the laws of
England and Wales (registered number 02756321) (Callaway Golf Europe), TOPGOLF LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (registered number 03724493) (TopGolf Limited, and
together with Callaway Golf Europe and any other Person that becomes a U.K. Borrower after the date hereof in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement (as defined below), the U.K. Borrowers), CALLAWAY GOLF EU
B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, having its statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered office at
Herikerbergweg 88, 1101 CM Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered with the Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 86392468 (the Dutch Borrower, and together with the U.K. Borrowers, collectively, the
U.K./Dutch Borrowers and together with the U.S. Borrowers, the German Borrower and the Canadian Borrower, each individually a Borrower and individually and collectively, jointly and severally, the
Borrowers), and the other Obligors party hereto. 

RECITALS 

A. Borrowers, the other Obligors party thereto, Agent, and the financial institutions signatory thereto from time to time (each a
Lender and collectively the Lenders) have previously entered into that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Loan Agreement and, the Existing Loan Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Loan Agreement), pursuant to which
the Lenders have made certain loans and financial accommodations available to Borrowers. Terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement. 

B. The Obligors have informed the Agent and the Lenders that Parent intends to sell all of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of
Callaway Germany Holdco GmbH, a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany (German Holdco) pursuant to that certain Sale &
Purchase Agreement, to be dated on or about the date hereof (together with all schedules, exhibits, and annexes thereto, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the JW Sale
Agreement), by and among Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG, as the purchaser (the Purchaser), and Parent, as the seller (the JW Sale). 

C. In connection with the JW Sale, the Obligors have requested that the Agent and the
Lenders agree to (i) release the German Borrower from its rights and obligations (including as a Borrower, Guarantor and Obligor) under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including its Loan
Guaranty), and (ii) release all Liens of the Agent on the Collateral of the German Borrower (the releases under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) are referred to herein, collectively, as the German Borrower
Release), in each case, upon the consummation of the JW Sale. 

D. The Obligors have further requested that the Agent and the
Lenders agree to (i) permit the Borrower Agent to reallocate the Maximum Country Facility Amounts (as defined in the Existing Loan Agreement) to reduce the Maximum German Facility Amount (as defined in the Existing Loan Agreement) by an amount
equal to $20,000,000 and, on a dollar for dollar basis by the amount of such reduction, increase the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount (as defined in the Existing Loan Agreement) substantially concurrently with the consummation of the JW Sale (the
German Facility Reallocation), (ii) permit the German Borrower to terminate the remainder of the German Revolver Commitments (as defined in the Existing Loan Agreement) substantially concurrently with the consummation of the
JW Sale (the German Facility Termination), and (iii) amend certain other provisions of the Existing Loan Agreement, in each case, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

E. The Agent and the Lenders party hereto (constituting all of the Lenders under the Existing Loan Agreement immediately prior to giving
effect to this Amendment on the Third Amendment Signing Date (as defined below)) are willing to agree to the German Borrower Release, the German Facility Reallocation, and the German Facility Termination, and to amend certain other provisions of the
Existing Loan Agreement, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

F. The Obligors are entering into this
Amendment with the understanding and agreement that, except as specifically provided herein, none of Agents or any Lenders rights or remedies as set forth in the Existing Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents are being waived
or modified by the terms of this Amendment. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Amendments to Existing Loan
Agreement. Effective as of the Third Amendment Signing Date, the Existing Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

(a) The
following definitions are hereby added to Section 1.1 of the Existing Loan Agreement in their respective alphabetical order: 

German Facility Reallocation: shall have the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 

German Facility Termination: shall have the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 

JW Sale: the Disposition by Parent, directly or indirectly, of 100% of the Capital Stock of Callaway Germany Holdco GmbH, a
limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany, pursuant to the JW Sale Agreement. 

JW Sale Agreement: the Sale & Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the Third Amendment Signing Date (together with all
schedules, exhibits, and annexes thereto, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG, as the purchaser, and Parent, as the seller. 

2 

Third Amendment: that certain Third Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Signing Date, by and among the Borrowers and other Obligors party thereto, Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 

Third Amendment Effective Date: shall have the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 

Third Amendment Signing Date: shall have the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 

(b) Section 2.1.4(a)(ii) of the Existing Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(ii) Upon at least 10 days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Agent) prior written notice to Agent from
the Borrower Agent (or, with respect to the German Facility Termination, upon written notice at any time on or prior to the date that the German Revolver Commitments are to be terminated pursuant to such notice), (A) U.S. Borrowers may, at
their option, terminate the U.S. Revolver Commitments and this credit facility and/or (B) the Canadian Borrower may, at its option, terminate the Canadian Revolver Commitments and/or (C) the U.K./Dutch Borrowers may, at their option,
terminate the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments and/or (D) the German Borrower may, at its option, terminate the German Revolver Commitments, in each case, without premium or penalty (other than funding losses payable pursuant to
Section 3.9). If the U.S. Borrowers elect to reduce to zero or terminate the U.S. Revolver Commitments pursuant to the previous sentence, the Canadian Revolver Commitments, German Revolver Commitments and U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments
shall automatically terminate concurrently with the termination of the U.S. Revolver Commitments. Any notice of termination given by Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.1.4 shall be irrevocable but may be conditioned on a refinancing or
another material event; provided that any such notice with respect to the German Facility Termination may be revocable by the Borrower Agent if the JW Sale does not occur on the date specified for termination of the German Revolver
Commitments in such notice or is otherwise delayed. 

(c) Section 2.1.4(c)(i) of the Existing Loan Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(i) (a) Other than in the case of the German Facility
Reallocation, so long as (x) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, and (y) no U.S. Overadvance, Canadian Overadvance, German Overadvance or U.K./Dutch Overadvance then exists or would result therefrom, the
Borrower Agent may, on no more than two occasions per calendar year (or three occasions if one such occasion is the German Facility Reallocation pursuant to subclause (b) below), reduce one or more Maximum Country Facility Amounts, and,
on a dollar for dollar basis by the amount of such reduction, increase one or more of the other Maximum Country Facility Amounts, by delivering to Agent (A) at least 30 days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Agent) prior
irrevocable written notice thereof from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Agent, which notice shall (1) specify the date (which shall be a Business Day) of such proposed reallocation, (2) specify the reallocation amount(s) amongst each
applicable Maximum Country Facility Amount, and (3) certify the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions precedent (including calculations thereof in reasonable detail) both as of the date of such certificate and as of the effective date of any
such proposed reallocation, and (B) pro forma Borrowing Base Certificates at least three Business Days prior to the requested date of such proposed reallocation prepared in accordance with Section 8.1 and which give effect to such
proposed reallocation, and (b) in the case of the German Facility Reallocation, so long as no German Overadvance or U.S. Overadvance 

3 

then exists or would result therefrom, the Borrower Agent may reduce the Maximum German Facility Amount by an amount equal to $20,000,000, and, on a dollar for dollar basis by the amount of such
reduction, increase the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount, by delivering to Agent written notice thereof at any time on or prior to the proposed effective date of the German Facility Reallocation (which notice may be contingent on the consummation of the
JW Sale and may be revocable by the Borrower Agent if the JW Sale does not occur on the date specified for the German Facility Reallocation in such notice or is otherwise delayed) from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Agent, which notice shall
(1) specify the date (which shall be a Business Day) of such proposed reallocation, (2) specify the reallocation amount thereof, and (3) certify that no German Overadvance or U.S. Overadvance then exists or would result therefrom,
both as of the date of such certificate and as of the effective date of the German Facility Reallocation. 

(d)
Section 12.2.1(b) of the Existing Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the text any Obligor (other than a Borrower) and replacing it with the text any Obligor (other than a Borrower, but including the German
Borrower upon the consummation of the JW Sale; provided that (x) any outstanding German Revolver Loans and any amounts owing by the German Borrower for any drawings under German Letters of Credit shall have been repaid, together with all
accrued but unpaid interest thereon, and (y) any issued but undrawn German Letters of Credit shall have been terminated (or otherwise backstopped or cash collateralized in a manner satisfactory to the applicable German Issuing Bank)).

(e) Section 14.26 of the Existing Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting text any Obligor (other than a
Borrower) in clause (a) thereof, and replacing it with the text any Obligor (other than a Borrower, but including the German Borrower upon the consummation of the JW Sale; provided that (x) any outstanding German
Revolver Loans and any amounts owing by the German Borrower for any drawings under German Letters of Credit shall have been repaid, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, and (y) any issued but undrawn German Letters of Credit
shall have been terminated (or otherwise backstopped or cash collateralized in a manner satisfactory to the applicable German Issuing Bank)). 

2. Consent to German Borrower Release. Effective as of the Third Amendment Signing Date, for purposes of the Loan Agreement (including
Sections 12.2.1, 14.1.1(d), and 14.26 thereof) and the other Loan Documents, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any Loan Document, the Lenders party hereto (constituting all of the Lenders under the Loan
Agreement as of the Third Amendment Signing Date) hereby consent to the German Borrower Release, and hereby authorize Agent to, and Agent shall (a) release the German Borrower from its rights and obligations (including as a
Borrower, Guarantor and Obligor) under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including its Loan Guaranty), and (b) release all Liens of the Agent on the Collateral of the German Borrower, in each
case, upon the consummation of the JW Sale, so long as (i) Borrower Agent certifies in writing to Agent that (x) the JW Sale is permitted under the Loan Agreement, and (y) the German Borrower shall cease to be a Restricted Subsidiary
of Parent as a result thereof (and Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate without further inquiry), (ii) any outstanding German Revolver Loans and any amounts owing by the German Borrower for any drawings under German Letters of
Credit shall have been repaid, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, and (iii) any issued but undrawn German Letters of Credit shall have been terminated (or otherwise backstopped or cash collateralized in a manner satisfactory
to the applicable German Issuing Bank)). 

3. Conditions to Third Amendment Signing Date. This Amendment (other than
Section 4 hereof, which for clarification shall become effective upon the occurrence of the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) as more fully set forth below) shall become effective on the first date that each of the
following conditions shall have been satisfied (such date, the Third Amendment Signing Date): 

4 

(a) Agent shall have received this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by Agent, each
Obligor and each Lender; and 

(b) Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Parent, dated as of the Third
Amendment Signing Date, (A) certifying to and attaching true, correct, and complete fully executed copies of the JW Sale Agreement, (B) certifying that the JW Sale is permitted under the Loan Agreement, and (C) certifying that
(1) the representations and warranties set forth herein are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Third Amendment Signing Date (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made
as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct
in all respects) and (2) no event has occurred and is continuing on Third Amendment Signing Date that constitutes an Event of Default; 

(c) the representations and warranties set forth herein are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Third Amendment Signing
Date (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation
or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects); and 

(d) no event has
occurred and is continuing on the Third Amendment Signing Date that constitutes an Event of Default. 

4. Amendments to Loan
Agreement. Effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Agreement shall be amended as follows: 

(a) the Loan Agreement
(but not including any Exhibits or Schedules thereto) will be amended as set forth in Annex A attached hereto such that all of the newly inserted bold, double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text and double-underlined text) and any formatting changes attached hereto shall
be deemed to be inserted in the text of the Loan Agreement and all of the deleted stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples:
stricken text and
stricken text) shall be deemed to be deleted from the text of the Loan Agreement. An unmarked copy of
the Loan Agreement but not including any Exhibits or Schedules thereto), as amended by this Amendment, is attached hereto as Annex B; and 

(b) Schedule 1.1 (Commitments of Lenders) to the Loan Agreement will be amended and restated in its entirety with Schedule 1.1
attached hereto as Annex C.

5. Conditions to Third Amendment Effective Date. The amendments to the Loan Agreement set forth
in Section 4 hereof shall become effective on the first date that each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied (such date, the Third Amendment Effective Date): 

(a) the Borrower Agent shall have delivered to Agent a written notice pursuant to Section 2.1.4(c)(i)(b) of the Loan Agreement with
respect to the German Facility Reallocation, and the German Facility Reallocation shall have occurred; 

5 

(b) the Borrower Agent shall have delivered to Agent a written notice pursuant to
Section 2.1.4(a)(ii) of the Loan Agreement with respect to the German Facility Termination, and the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date shall have occurred; 

(c) the JW Sale shall have been consummated (or shall be consummated substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Third Amendment
Effective Date) in accordance in all material respects with the JW Sale Agreement; and 

(d) Parent shall have delivered a certificate to
Agent, certifying that the condition set forth in Section 5(c) above has been satisfied (or shall be satisfied substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Third Amendment Effective Date). 

6. Representations and Warranties. Each Obligor represents and warrants as follows, as of the Third Amendment Signing Date: 

(a) Authority. Each Obligor has the requisite corporate or other organizational power and authority to execute and deliver this
Amendment, and to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Loan Documents (as amended or modified hereby) to which it is a party. The execution, delivery and performance by each Obligor of this Amendment have been duly approved by all
necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Obligor. 

(b) Due Execution; Enforceability. This Amendment has been duly
executed and delivered by each Obligor that is a party hereto. This Amendment and each Loan Document to which any Obligor is a party (as amended or modified hereby) is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such
Obligor in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 

(c) Representations and Warranties. The representations
and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement (as amended hereby) and each other Loan Document to which any Obligor is a party are correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of the date hereof (it being
understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty
which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects). 

(d) Governmental
Authorization. The execution and delivery of this Amendment by each Obligor party hereto and the performance by such Obligor hereof do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental
Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which could not be reasonably expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) No Default. No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default. 

7. Choice of Law. The validity of this Amendment, its construction, interpretation and enforcement, and the rights of the parties
hereunder, shall be determined under, governed by, and construed in accordance with the internal law of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles (but giving effect to Section 5-1401 of the New York General
Obligation Law and Federal laws relating to national banks), except that Section 11 (Reaffirmation of Obligations) of this Amendment and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by
German law. The consent to forum and judicial reference provisions set forth in Section 14.15 of the Existing Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated in this Amendment by reference. 

6 

8. Counterparts. This Amendment may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be
executed using Electronic Signatures (including, without limitation, facsimile and .pdf) and shall be considered an original, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. This Amendment may be executed in
as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Amendment. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without
limitation, use or acceptance by Agent and Secured Parties of a manually signed paper Amendment which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format,
for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a
paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Laws, including the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC
7006, as it may be amended from time to time; provided that nothing herein shall require the Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. 

9. Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of the Third Amendment Signing Date and the Third Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, each reference in the Loan
Agreement or any other Loan Document to this Agreement, hereunder, herein, hereof, thereunder, therein, thereof, or words of like import referring to the Existing
Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and refer to such agreement as amended, modified or supplemented by this Amendment. 

(b) Except as specifically amended above, the Existing Loan Agreement and all other Loan Documents are and shall continue to be in full force
and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed and shall constitute the legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of Obligors to Agent and the Lenders in accordance with their terms. 

(c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any
right, power or remedy of Agent or any Lender under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 

(d) To the extent that any terms and conditions in any of the Loan Documents shall contradict or be in conflict with any terms or conditions of
the Existing Loan Agreement, after giving effect to this Amendment, such terms and conditions are hereby deemed modified or amended accordingly to reflect the terms and conditions of the Existing Loan Agreement as modified or amended hereby. 

10. Ratification. Each Obligor hereby restates, ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Existing Loan
Agreement, as amended hereby, and the Loan Documents effective as of the date hereof. Subject to and without limiting the foregoing, all security interests, pledges, assignments and other Liens and Guarantees previously granted by any Obligor
pursuant to the Loan Documents are hereby reaffirmed, ratified, renewed and continued, and all such security interests, pledges, assignments and other Liens and Guarantees shall remain in full force and effect as security for the Obligations on and
after the date hereof. 

7 

11. Reaffirmation of Obligations: As of the Third Amendment Signing Date, each German
Facility Obligor (i) confirms to each of the German Facility Secured Parties that each German Global Assignment Agreement and each German Security Transfer Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and the amendments made to the Loan
Documents by this Amendment shall not affect the validity (Wirksamkeit) and enforceability (Vollstreckbarkeit) of each German Global Assignment Agreement and each German Security Transfer Agreement in any way (other than as explicitly
contemplated by the terms of this Amendment) and (ii) agrees, that from the date this Amendment is effective, each German Global Assignment Agreement and each German Security Transfer Agreement shall secure any and all of the German Facility
Obligations (including, without limitation, any such obligations owed to the Agent under the parallel debt undertaking under Section 14.19 (Parallel Debt Undertaking) of the Loan Agreement and any such other obligation or
liability to pay damages) which are or may become payable or owing in accordance with the Loan Agreement (including, but not limited to, any obligation based on unjust enrichment (ungerechtfertigte Bereicherung) or tort (Delikt)),
regardless of the definition of Secured Obligations contained in each German Global Assignment Agreement and each German Security Transfer Agreement, including any amounts which exceed the obligations secured by each German Global
Assignment Agreement and each German Security Transfer Agreement prior to the date of this Amendment, in each case, subject to Section 2 of this Amendment and Sections 12.2.1 and 14.26 of the Loan Agreement. 

12. Estoppel. To induce Lenders to enter into this Amendment and to continue to make advances to Borrowers under the Loan Agreement,
each Obligor hereby acknowledges and agrees that, as of the date hereof, there exists no right of offset, defense, counterclaim or objection in favor of any Obligor as against Agent or any Lender with respect to the Obligations. 

13. Effectiveness; Binding Effect. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the effectiveness of this Amendment in accordance with its terms,
this Amendment shall be irrevocable and shall be binding upon each Lender and its respective successors and assigns. 

14.
Integration. This Amendment, together with the other Loan Documents, incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof. 

15. Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such
manner as to be valid under Requirements of Law. If any provision is found to be invalid under Requirements of Law, it shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity and the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall remain in full
force and effect. 

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank] 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Amendment as of the date first
above written. 

OBLIGORS:

TOPGOLF CALLAWAY BRANDS CORP.,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Brian P. Lynch

Name: Brian P. Lynch

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

CALLAWAY GOLF SALES COMPANY,

a California corporation

By: 

/s/ Glenn Hickey

Name: Glenn Hickey

Title: President

CALLAWAY GOLF BALL OPERATIONS, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Mark F. Leposky

Name: Mark F. Leposky

Title: President

OGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC.,

a
Utah corporation

By: 

/s/ Patrick S. Burke

Name: Patrick S. Burke

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TRAVISMATHEW, LLC,

a California limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Brian P. Lynch

Name: Brian P. Lynch

Title: Vice President

JACK WOLFSKIN NORTH AMERICA, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Brian P. Lynch

Name: Brian P. Lynch

Title: Vice President

CALLAWAY GOLF INTERACTIVE, INC. 

a Texas corporation

By: 

/s/ Glenn Hickey

Name: Glenn Hickey

Title: President

CALLAWAY GOLF INTERNATIONAL SALES COMPANY,

a California corporation

By: 

/s/ Patrick S. Burke

Name: Patrick S. Burke

Title: President

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

CALLAWAY GOLF CANADA LTD.,

a Canada corporation

By: 

/s/ Patrick S. Burke

Name: Patrick S. Burke

Title: Director

CALLAWAY GOLF EUROPE LTD.,

a
company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of England and Wales

By: 

/s/ Patrick S. Burke

Name: Patrick S. Burke

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

CALLAWAY GOLF EUROPEAN HOLDING COMPANY LIMITED,

a company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of England and Wales

By: 

/s/ Benjamin John Sharpe

Name: Benjamin John Sharpe

Title: Director

CALLAWAY GOLF EU B.V.,

a
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands

By: 

/s/ Benjamin John Sharpe

Name: Benjamin John Sharpe

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

CALLAWAY GERMANY HOLDCO GMBH,

a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany

By: 

/s/ Matthew Philip Jung

Name: Matthew Philip Jung

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Mark Fellner Leposky

Name: Mark Fellner Leposky

Title: Director

JW STARGAZER HOLDING GMBH,

a
limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany

By: 

/s/ Matthew Philip Jung

Name: Matthew Philip Jung

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Daniel van Geerenstein

Name: Daniel van Geerenstein

Title: Proxy / Authorized Signatory (Prokurist)

SKYRAGER GMBH,

a limited
liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany

By: 

/s/ Matthew Philip Jung

Name: Matthew Philip Jung

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Daniel van Geerenstein

Name: Daniel van Geerenstein

Title: Proxy / Authorized Signatory (Prokurist)

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

JACK WOLFSKIN AUSRSTUNG FR DRAUSSEN GMBH & CO. KGAA,

a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, acting through its managing partner, SKYRAGER GMBH

By: 

/s/ Matthew Philip Jung

Name: Matthew Philip Jung

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Daniel van Geerenstein

Name: Daniel van Geerenstein

Title: Proxy / Authorized Signatory (Prokurist)

JACK WOLFSKIN RETAIL GMBH,

a
limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany

By: 

/s/ Matthew Philip Jung

Name: Matthew Philip Jung

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Daniel van Geerenstein

Name: Daniel van Geerenstein

Title: Proxy / Authorized Signatory (Prokurist)

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TOPGOLF LIMITED,

a company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of England and Wales

By: 

/s/ Susana Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Arevalo Acosta

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TOPGOLF INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: 

/s/ Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TOP GOLF USA INC.

By: 

/s/ Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Title: President

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TG FLEX HOLDINGS, LLC

TG HOLDINGS I, LLC

TG LOUNGE HOLDINGS, LLC

TG LOUNGE MANAGEMENT, LLC

TG USA KIRKLAND, LLC

TOPGOLF MEDIA, LLC

TOPGOLF PAYROLL SERVICES, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AG, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ALBUQUERQUE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ALLEN HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ALLEN II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ALLEN, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ALPHARETTA HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ALPHARETTA II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ALPHARETTA, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SAC, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ATLANTA HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ATLANTA II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ATLANTA, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AUBURN HILLS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AUSTIN HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AUSTIN II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AUSTIN, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BALTIMORE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BATON ROUGE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BF, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BIRMINGHAM, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BO, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BRANDON, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BROOKLYN CENTER, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BURLINGAME, LLC

TOPGOLF USA DUBLIN, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CANTON, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CARLSBAD, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CENTENNIAL, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CERT, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CHARLESTON, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CHARLOTTE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CHESTERFIELD, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CL, LLC

By: 

/s/ Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TOPGOLF USA COL, LLC

TOPGOLF USA COLONY HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA COLONY II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA COLONY, LLC

TOPGOLF USA COLUMBUS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA DORAL, LLC

TOPGOLF USA DULLES, LLC

TOPGOLF USA EDISON, LLC

TOPGOLF USA EL PASO HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA EL PASO II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA EL PASO, LLC

TOPGOLF USA EL SEGUNDO, LLC

TOPGOLF USA FISHERS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA FKX, LLC

TOPGOLF USA FT. MYERS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA FT. WORTH HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA FT. WORTH II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA FT. WORTH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GERMANTOWN, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GILBERT, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GLENDALE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GRANITE PARK HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GRANITE PARK II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GRANITE PARK, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GREENVILLE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA HILLSBORO, LLC

TOPGOLF USA HOLTSVILLE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA HUNTSVILLE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA JACKSONVILLE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA KY1, LLC

TOPGOLF USA LAS VEGAS HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA LAS VEGAS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA LM, LLC

TOPGOLF USA TP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MAY, LLC

By: 

/s/ Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TOPGOLF USA MIAMI GARDENS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MIDVALE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MT. LAUREL, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MYRTLE BEACH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA NAPERVILLE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA NASHVILLE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA NATIONAL HARBOR, LLC

TOPGOLF USA NEP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA NEW ORLEANS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA NORTH CHARLOTTE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA TUSTIN, LLC

TOPGOLF USA OKC, LLC

TOPGOLF USA OMAHA, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ORLANDO, LLC

TOPGOLF USA OVERLAND PARK, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PARK LANE RANCH

HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PARK LANE RANCH II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PARK LANE RANCH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PETE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PHARR HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PHARR II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PHARR, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PIN HIGH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PITTSBURGH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PPB, LLC

TOPGOLF USA RD, LLC

TOPGOLF USA RE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA RG, LLC

TOPGOLF USA RICHMOND, LLC

TOPGOLF USA RIVERWALK, LLC

TOPGOLF USA ROSEVILLE, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SAN ANTONIO HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SAN ANTONIO II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SAN ANTONIO, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SBD, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SCHAUMBURG, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SDP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SDS, LLC

By: 

/s/ Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TOPGOLF USA SPRING HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SPRING II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA SPRING, LLC

TOPGOLF USA STL, LLC

TOPGOLF USA THORNTON, LLC

TOPGOLF USA TUCSON, LLC

TOPGOLF USA VIRGINIA BEACH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA VY, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WC HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WC II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WC, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WEBSTER HOLDINGS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WEBSTER II, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WEBSTER, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WEST CHESTER, LLC

WORLD GOLF TOUR, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MB, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA KP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WCH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GB, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PS, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MA, LLC

TOPGOLF USA LR, LLC

TOPGOLF USA LF, LLC

TOPGOLF USA GP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA JM, LLC

By: 

/s/ Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

RSVP HOLDINGS I, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AKRON, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AP, LLC

TOPGOLF USA AV, LLC

TOPGOLF USA BRYAN, LLC

TOPGOLF USA CD, LLC

TOPGOLF USA DM, LLC

TOPGOLF USA EWA, LLC

TOPGOLF USA MMT, LLC

TOPGOLF USA NBR, LLC

TOPGOLF USA PCB, LLC

TOPGOLF USA RCH, LLC

TOPGOLF USA WB, LLC

By: 

/s/ Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Name: Susana Corina Arevalo Acosta

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

AGENT AND LENDERS

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent and as a U.S. Lender

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Tang

Name: Jennifer Tang

Title: Senior Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

(acting through its London branch), as a U.K./Dutch Lender and a German Lender

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Tang

Name: Jennifer Tang

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

(acting through its Canada branch), as a Canadian Lender

By: 

/s/ Tanu Malik

Name: Tanu Malik

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as a U.S. Lender

By: 

/s/ Sean Bodkin

Name: Sean Bodkin

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., TORONTO BRANCH,

as a Canadian Lender

By: 

/s/ Bruce Watson

Name: Bruce Watson

Title: Authorized Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON BRANCH,

as a U.K./Dutch Lender and a German Lender

By: 

/s/ Y. Sonia Anandraj

Name: Y. Sonia Anandraj

Title: Authorized Officer

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

MUFG BANK, LTD.,

as a U.S. Lender, a Canadian Lender, a U.K./Dutch Lender and a German Lender

By: 

/s/ Paul Angland

Name: Paul Angland

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

TRUIST BANK,

as a U.S. Lender, a Canadian Lender, a U.K./Dutch Lender and a German Lender

By: 

/s/ Jonathan Keegan

Name: Jonathan Keegan

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Third Amendment to 

Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement] 

Annex A 

Amendments to the Loan Agreement 

Conformed through Third Amendment SigningEffective Date 

TOPGOLF CALLAWAY BRANDS
CORP. 

(formerly known as Callaway Golf Company),

CALLAWAY GOLF SALES COMPANY, 

CALLAWAY GOLF BALL OPERATIONS, INC., 

OGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC., 

TRAVISMATHEW, LLC, 

JACK
WOLFSKIN NORTH AMERICA, INC., and 

TOP GOLF USA INC. 

as U.S. Borrowers, Canadian Facility
Guarantors,
and U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantors and German Facility Guarantors, 

CALLAWAY GOLF CANADA LTD., 

as the Canadian Borrower, and a U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor and a German Facility Guarantor,

CALLAWAY GOLF EUROPE LTD. 

TOPGOLF LIMITED,
and 

CALLAWAY GOLF EU B.V. 

as U.K./Dutch Borrowers, and Canadian Facility Guarantors, and German Facility Guarantors,

JACK WOLFSKIN AUSRSTUNG FR DRAUSSEN
GMBH & CO. KGAA,

as
German Borrower, a Canadian Facility Guarantor and a
U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor, and

THE OTHER OBLIGORS PARTY HERETO 

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Dated as of March 16, 2023 

$525,000,000485,000,000

CERTAIN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, 

as Lenders, 

BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

MUFG BANK, LTD. 

as
Syndication Agent 

TRUIST BANK, 

as Documentation Agent 

and 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

as
Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Section 1. Definitions; Rules of Construction 2 

1.1 Definitions 2 

1.2 Accounting Terms 88 

1.3 Uniform Commercial Code/PPSA 89 

1.4 Certain Matters of Construction 89 

1.5 Calculations and Tests 90 

1.6 Interpretation (Quebec) 91 

1.7 Interpretation (The Netherlands) 92 

1.8 Interpretation (the U.K.) 92 

Section 2. Credit Facilities 92 

2.1 Revolver Commitments 92 

2.2 U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit Facility 99 

2.3 U.S. Letter of Credit Facility 102 

2.4 Canadian Letter of Credit Facility 105 

2.5 German Letter of Credit Facility 107 

Section 3. Interest, Fees and Charges 110 

3.1 Interest 110 

3.2 Fees 113 

3.3 Computation of Interest, Fees, Yield Protection 115 

3.4 Reimbursement Obligations 115 

3.5 Illegality 116 

3.6 Inability to Determine Rates 117 

3.7 Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy 119 

3.8 Mitigation 120 

3.9 Funding Losses 120 

3.10 Maximum Interest 121 

Section 4. Loan Administration 121 

4.1 Manner of Borrowing and Funding Revolver Loans 121 

4.2 Defaulting Lender 124 

4.3 Number and Amount of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans, SONIA Loans, SARON Loans, Term CORRA Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans; Determination of Rate 125 

4.4 Borrower Agent 126 

4.5 One Obligation 126 

4.6 Effect of Termination 126 

4.7 Sustainability Adjustments 127 

Section 5. Payments 127 

5.1 General Payment Provisions 127 

5.2 Repayment of Revolver Loans 128 

5.3 [Reserved] 128 

5.4 Payment of Other Obligations 128 

5.5 Marshaling; Payments Set Aside 128 

5.6 Post-Default Allocation of Payments 129 

5.7 Application of Payments 133 

5.8 Loan Account; Account Stated 134 

5.9 Taxes 134 

5.10 Lender Tax Information 137 

5.11 Guarantee by Obligors 138 

5.12 Currency Matters 148 

5.13 Currency Fluctuations 149 

Section 6. Conditions Precedent 149 

6.1 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness and Loans 149 

6.2 Conditions Precedent to All Credit Extensions 151 

Section 7. Collateral 151 

7.1 Grant of Security Interest 151 

7.2 Lien on Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral 153 

7.3 [Reserved] 154 

7.4 Other Collateral 154 

7.5 No Assumption of Liability 156 

7.6 Further Assurances 156 

Section 8. Collateral Administration 156 

8.1 Borrowing Base Certificates 156 

8.2 Administration of Accounts 157 

8.3 Administration of Inventory 159 

8.4 Intentionally Omitted 159 

8.5 Administration of Deposit Accounts 159 

8.6 General Provisions 160 

8.7 Power of Attorney 161 

Section 9. Representations and Warranties 162 

9.1 General Representations and Warranties 162 

Section 10. Covenants and Continuing Agreements 169 

10.1 Affirmative Covenants 169 

10.2 Negative Covenants 179 

10.3 Financial Covenants 205 

10.4 Company Trademark 205 

Section 11. Events of Default; Remedies on Default 206 

11.1 Events of Default 206 

11.2 Remedies upon Default 209 

11.3 License 210 

11.4 Setoff 210 

11.5 Remedies Cumulative; No Waiver 210 

11.6 Judgment Currency 210 

Section 12. Agent 211 

12.1 Appointment, Authority and Duties of Agent 211 

12.2 Agreements Regarding Collateral and Field Examination Reports 213 

12.3 Reliance By Agent 215 

12.4 Action Upon Default 215 

12.5 Ratable Sharing 215 

12.6 Indemnification 216 

12.7 Limitation on Responsibilities of Agent 216 

12.8 Successor Agent and Co-Agents 216 

12.9 Due Diligence and Non-Reliance 217 

12.10 Remittance of Payments and Collections 217 

12.11 Agent in its Individual Capacity 218 

12.12 Agent Titles 218 

12.13 Bank Product Providers 218 

12.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries 218 

Section 13. Benefit of Agreement; Assignments 218 

13.1 Successors and Assigns 218 

13.2 Participations 219 

13.3 Assignments 219 

13.4 Replacement of Certain Lenders 221 

Section 14. Miscellaneous 221 

14.1 Consents, Amendments and Waivers 221 

14.2 Indemnity 223 

14.3 Notices and Communications 223 

14.4 Performance of Obligors Obligations 224 

14.5 Credit Inquiries 224 

14.6 Severability 224 

14.7 Cumulative Effect; Conflict of Terms 224 

14.8 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 224 

14.9 Entire Agreement 225 

14.10 Relationship with Lenders 225 

14.11 Lender Loss Sharing Agreement 225 

14.12 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 227 

14.13 Confidentiality 228 

14.14 GOVERNING LAW 228 

14.15 Consent to Forum; Judicial Reference; Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 229 

14.16 Waivers 230 

14.17 Patriot Act and AML Legislation Notice 230 

14.18 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation 230 

14.19 Parallel Debt Undertaking 231 

14.20 Reinstatement 231 

14.21 Nonliability of Lenders 232 

14.22 Know Your Customer 232 

14.23 Amendment and Restatement 232 

14.24 Intercreditor Agreement 232 

14.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Supported QFCs 233 

14.26 Release of Obligors 234 

LIST OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 

Exhibit A-1 Form of Canadian Revolver Note

Exhibit A-2 Form of U.S. Revolver Note

Exhibit A-3 Form of U.K./Dutch Revolver Note

Exhibit A-4 Form of German Revolver Note

Exhibit B Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit C Assignment Notice

Exhibit D Form of Compliance Certificate

Schedule E-1 Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule F-1 Company Trademarks

Schedule 1.1 Commitments of Lenders

Schedule 1.1D U.K. Non-Bank Lenders

Schedule 1.01(d) Existing Joint Ventures

Schedule 5.9.9 Treaty Lenders under HMRC DT Passport Scheme

Schedule 8.6.1 Business Locations

Schedule 9.1.13 Capitalization and Subsidiaries

Schedule 9.1.18 Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses

Schedule 9.1.20 Commercial Tort Claims

Schedule 10.1.1 Parents Website Address for Electronic Delivery

Schedule 10.1.10 Unrestricted Subsidiaries

Schedule 10.1.13 Post-Closing Covenants

Schedule 10.2.1 Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 10.2.2 Existing Liens

Schedule 10.2.6 Existing Investments

Schedule 14.3 Notice Addresses

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

THIS FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT is dated as of March 16, 2023, among TOPGOLF CALLAWAY BRANDS CORP.
(formerly known as Callaway Golf Company), a Delaware corporation (Parent), CALLAWAY GOLF SALES COMPANY, a California corporation (Callaway Sales), CALLAWAY GOLF BALL OPERATIONS, INC., a
Delaware corporation (Callaway Operations), OGIO INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Utah corporation, (Ogio), TRAVISMATHEW, LLC, a California limited liability company (travisMathew),
JACK WOLFSKIN NORTH AMERICA, INC., a Delaware corporation (Domestic Jack Wolfskin), TOP GOLF USA INC., a Delaware corporation (Topgolf USA and together with Parent, Callaway Sales, Callaway
Operations, Ogio, travisMathew and Domestic Jack Wolfskin, collectively, U.S. Borrowers), CALLAWAY GOLF CANADA LTD., a Canada corporation (Canadian Borrower), JACK WOLFSKIN AUSRSTUNG FR DRAUSSEN GMBH & CO. KGAA, a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) under the laws of
the Federal Republic of Germany (German Borrower),
CALLAWAY GOLF EUROPE LTD., a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (registered number 02756321) (the Existing U.K. Borrower), and collectively with
TOPGOLF LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales
(registered number 03724493) (TopGolf Limited and together with the Existing U.K.
Borrower and any other Person that becomes a U.K.
Borrower after the date hereof in accordance with the terms hereof, collectively, the U.K. Borrowers), CALLAWAY GOLF EU B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), incorporated under the laws of the
Netherlands, having its statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands its registered office at Herikerbergweg 88, 1101 CM Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered with the Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 86392468 (the
Dutch Borrower and together with the U.K. Borrowers, collectively, the U.K./Dutch Borrowers and together with the U.S.
Borrowers, the German Borrower and the Canadian Borrower, collectively, Borrowers),
the other Obligors party to this Agreement from time to time, the financial institutions party to this Agreement from time to time as lenders (collectively, Lenders), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking
association, as administrative agent and as security trustee for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent). 

R E C I T A L S: 

WHEREAS, Parent, Callaway Sales, Callaway Operations, Ogio, travisMathew, Domestic Jack Wolfskin, the Canadian Borrower, the German Borrower, the Existing U.K. Borrower, the Dutch Borrower and the other Obligors party thereto
(collectively, the Existing Obligors), Agent and the Lenders party thereto entered into that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time prior to the
date hereof, the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement), dated as of May 17, 2019 (the Fourth Amended Original Closing Date), which amended and restated that certain Third Amended and Restated Loan and
Security Agreement (the Third Amended and Restated Loan Agreement), dated as of November 20, 2017 (the Third Amended Original Closing Date), which amended and restated that certain Second Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement), dated as of December 22, 2011 (the Second Amended Original Closing Date), which amended and restated that certain
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 22, 2011 (the Original Amended and Restated Loan Agreement), which amended and restated that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011
(the Original Loan Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend and restate in their
entirety the agreements contained in the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement as amongst themselves; 

WHEREAS, the Obligors have requested that: (i) the U.S. Lenders provide a credit
facility to the U.S. Borrowers; (ii) the Canadian Lenders provide a credit facility to the Canadian Borrower; and
(iii) the German Lenders provide a credit facility to the German Borrower; and (iv) the U.K./Dutch Lenders provide a credit facility to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers, in each case, to finance their mutual and collective business enterprise; 

WHEREAS, the applicable Lenders are willing to provide such credit facilities on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS, each Existing Obligor hereby restates, ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Fourth
Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, as amended and restated hereby, and the other Loan Documents effective as of the date hereof. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual conditions and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto amend and restate the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 

1.1 Definitions. As used herein, the following terms have the meanings set forth below: 

ABL Collateral: has the meaning assigned to such term in the Intercreditor Agreement. 

Account: as defined in the UCC (and/or, with respect to any Accounts of a Canadian Subsidiary, as defined in the PPSA), and also means
a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for services rendered or to be rendered, or
(c) arising out of the use of a credit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card. 

Account Debtor: a
Person who is obligated under an Account, Chattel Paper or General Intangible. 

Acquisition Cap: $100,000,000. 

Adverse Proceeding: any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or
arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any Environmental Claim), whether pending or, to
the knowledge of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened in writing, against or affecting the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any property of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Affected Financial Institution: (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any U.K. Financial Institution. 

Affiliate: with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is
Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the
ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have correlative meanings. 

Agent: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

2 

Agent Indemnitees: Agent and its officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, agents
and attorneys. 

Agent Professionals: attorneys, accountants, appraisers, auditors, business valuation experts, environmental
engineers or consultants, turnaround consultants, and other professionals and experts retained by Agent. 

Agents Office: with
respect to any currency, Agents address and, as appropriate, account specified in this Agreement with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Agent may from time to time notify the Parent
and the Lenders. 

Aggregate First Year Large Venue Location EBITDA: (a) $236,784,918 plus (b) the aggregate
Facility EBITDA of all Mature Large Venue Locations that become Mature Large Venue Locations after the fiscal quarter ending on or around December 31, 2022 generated by such Mature Large Venue Locations in their respective first 12 full fiscal
months of operation. 

Aggregate First Year Location EBITDA: the sum of (a) Aggregate First Year Small Venue Location EBITDA,
(b) Aggregate First Year Medium Venue Location EBITDA and (c) Aggregate First Year Large Venue Location EBITDA. 

Aggregate
First Year Medium Venue Location EBITDA: (a) $26,229,735 plus (b) the aggregate Facility EBITDA of all Mature Medium Venue Locations that become Mature Medium Venue Locations after the fiscal quarter ending on or around
December 31, 2022 generated by such Mature Medium Venue Locations in their respective first 12 full fiscal months of operation. 

Aggregate First Year Small Venue Location EBITDA: (a) $1,494,149 plus (b) the aggregate Facility EBITDA of all Mature
Small Venue Locations that become Mature Small Venue Locations after the fiscal quarter ending on or around December 31, 2022 generated by such Mature Small Venue Locations in their respective first 12 full fiscal months of operation. 

Agreed Currency: Dollars, Canadian Dollars, British
Pounds, Swiss Francs and Euros. 

Agreement: this Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement. 

Allocable Amount: as defined in Section 5.11. 

AML Legislation: as defined in Section 14.17. 

Annualized New Location EBITDA: as applicable: 

(a) for any Small Venue New Location that, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, has been open less than
six full fiscal months, the sum of: 

(i) the actual Facility EBITDA attributable to such Small Venue New Location for the
number of days such New Location has been open (the Number of Small Venue Operating Days) plus

(ii) (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the Aggregate First Year Small Venue Location EBITDA by
(2) (x) 3 plus (y) the aggregate number of Mature Small Venue Locations that become Mature Small Venue Locations after the fiscal quarter ending on or around December 31, 2022 multiplied by (B) a fraction
(1) the numerator of which is (X) 365 minus (Y) such Number of Small Venue Operating Days and (2) the denominator of which is 365; 

3 

(b) for any Medium Venue New Location that, as of the last day of the most
recently ended Test Period, has been open less than six full fiscal months, the sum of: 

(i) the actual Facility EBITDA
attributable to such Medium Venue New Location for the number of days such New Location has been open (the Number of Medium Venue Operating Days) plus

(ii) (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the Aggregate First Year Medium Venue Location EBITDA by
(2) (x) 13 plus (y) the aggregate number of Mature Medium Venue Locations that become Mature Medium Venue Locations after the fiscal quarter ending on or around December 31, 2022 multiplied by (B) a fraction
(1) the numerator of which is (X) 365 minus (Y) such Number of Medium Venue Operating Days and (2) the denominator of which is 365; 

(c) for any Large Venue New Location that, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, has been open less than
six full fiscal months, the sum of: 

(i) the actual Facility EBITDA attributable to such Large Venue New Location for the
number of days such New Location has been open (the Number of Large Venue Operating Days) plus

(ii) (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the Aggregate First Year Large Venue Location EBITDA by
(2) (x) 48 plus (y) the aggregate number of Mature Large Venue Locations that become Mature Large Venue Locations after the fiscal quarter ending on or around December 31, 2022 multiplied by (B) a fraction
(1) the numerator of which is (X) 365 minus (Y) such Number of Large Venue Operating Days and (2) the denominator of which is 365; or 

(d) for any New Location that, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, has been open for at least six full
fiscal months: 

(i) the actual Facility EBITDA attributable to such New Location for its Applicable Months of Operation
divided by 

(ii) the percentage of the Aggregate First Year Location EBITDA generated by the Mature Locations
during such Applicable Months of Operation. 

Anti-Corruption Laws: all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable
to any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) and the Bribery
Act 2010 (UK). 

Anti-Terrorism Laws: any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including the Patriot Act and the Proceeds
of Crime Act. 

Applicable Authority: with respect to any Agreed Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for
such Agreed Currency or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Agent or such administrator. 

4 

Applicable Lenders: with respect to: (a) the U.S. Borrowers, the U.S. Lenders
who have a U.S. Revolver Commitment (and if the U.S. Revolver Commitments have terminated, each U.S. Lender that had a U.S. Revolver Commitment immediately prior to such termination), (b) the Canadian Borrower, the Canadian Lenders, (c) the German Borrower, the German
Lenders,[reserved] and (d) the U.K./Dutch
Borrowers, the U.K./Dutch Lenders. 

Applicable Margin: with respect to any Type of Loan, the respective margin set forth in
the grid below (the Pricing Grid), as determined by the Availability Ratio for the last calendar month: 

Level Availability

Ratio U.S.

Base

Rate

Revolver

Loans Term

SOFR

Revolver

Loans,

SONIA

Loans, and

EURIBOR

Loans and

SARON

Loans Term

CORRA

Loans Canadian

Prime

Rate

Loans

and

Canadian

Base

Rate

Loans U.K./

Dutch

Base

Rate

Loans German

Base

Rate

Loans 

I Greater than

or equal to

67% 0.25 % 1.25 % 1.25 % 0.25 % 1.25 % 1.25 %

II Less than

67% but

greater than

or equal to

33% 0.50 % 1.50 % 1.50 % 0.50 % 1.50 % 1.50 %

III Less than

33% 0.75 % 1.75 % 1.75 % 0.75 % 1.75 % 1.75 %

Margins shall be subject to increase or decrease based upon the Availability Ratio for the prior calendar
month, as determined by Agent. If, by the first day of a calendar month, any Borrowing Base Certificate due in the preceding calendar month has not been received, then, at the option of Agent or Required Lenders, the margins shall be determined as
if Level III were applicable, from such day until the first day of the calendar month following actual receipt. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Applicable Margin for any month with respect to U.S. Base Rate Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Revolver Loans, SONIA Loans, EURIBOR Loans, SARON Loans, Term CORRA
Loans, German Base Rate Loans and U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans shall be increased by 0.25% if any U.S.
Availability is generated under either (or under both of) clause (b)(iii) or clause (b)(iv) of the definition of the U.S. Borrowing Base at any time in such month. 

Applicable Months of Operation: with respect to any Topgolf location, each full fiscal month that such Topgolf location has been open.

5 

Applicable Time Zone: for borrowings under, and payments due by Borrowers or Lenders
on (a) with respect to U.S. Revolver Loans and Canadian Revolver Loans, Pacific time, and (b) with respect to U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and German Revolver
Loans, London time. 

Approved Fund: any Person (other than a
natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the Ordinary Course of Business, and is administered or managed by a Lender, an entity that administers or
manages a Lender, or an Affiliate of either. 

Assignment and Acceptance: an assignment agreement between a Lender and Eligible
Assignee, in the form of Exhibit B. 

Assignment of Claims Act: Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, 31 U.S.C. 3727,
41 U.S.C. 15, as amended. 

Attorney: as defined in Section 12.1.1(c). 

Availability: as of any date of determination, the sum of the U.S. Availability plus the Canadian Availability plus the German Availability plus the U.K./Dutch Availability. 

Availability Ratio: the ratio (expressed as a percentage), for any calendar month, of (a) the average daily Availability for such
calendar month to (b) an amount equal to the sum of (i) the average daily Canadian Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the Canadian LC Reserve for purposes of this calculation) for such calendar month, plus (ii) the average daily
U.S. Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the U.S. LC Reserve, the Canadian Overadvance Loan Balance, the German Overadvance Loan Balance, and the U.K./Dutch Overadvance Loan Balance for purposes of this calculation) for such calendar month, plus
(iii) the average daily German Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the German LC Reserve for purposes of this calculation) for such calendar
month[reserved], plus (iv) the average
daily U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the U.K./Dutch LC Reserve for purposes of this calculation) for such calendar month. 

Available Currency: (i) in the case of a U.S. Borrower, Dollars, (ii) in the case of the Canadian Borrower, Dollars or
Canadian Dollars, (iii) in the case of the German Borrower, Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs or Euros (but in the case of German Base Rate Loans, Dollars
only)[reserved], and (iv) in the case of the
U.K./Dutch Borrowers, Dollars, British Pounds or Euros (but in the case of U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans, Dollars only). 

Bail-In
Action: the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation: (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European
Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, (b) with respect to the United
Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial
institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings), and (c) with respect to any state other than such an EEA Member Country and the United Kingdom, any analogous law or regulation
from time to time which requires contractual recognition of any Write-down and Conversion Powers contained in that law or regulation. 

6 

Bank of America: Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association, and its
successors and assigns. 

Bank of America (Canada): Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), and its successors and
assigns. 

Bank of America Indemnitees: Bank of America and its officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, branches, agents and
attorneys. 

Bank Product: any of the following products, services or facilities extended to any Obligor or Subsidiary by a Lender
or any of its Affiliates or branches: (a) Cash Management Services; (b) products under Hedging Agreements; (c) commercial credit card and merchant card services; (d) purchase cards (including so-called procurement
cards or P-cards), and (e) other banking products or services as may be requested by any Obligor or Subsidiary, in each case, unless otherwise agreed in writing between such Obligor or Subsidiary and the provider of such
products or services, other than Letters of Credit. 

Bank Product Debt: Indebtedness and other obligations of an Obligor or
Subsidiary relating to Bank Products. 

Base Rate Loan: a U.S. Base Rate Loan, a Canadian Base Rate Loan, a German Base Rate Loan or a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan, as applicable. 

Bays NOLV: with respect to each region where Toptracer Bays are located (as determined by Agent from to time in its Credit Judgment)
the orderly liquidation value of such Toptracer Bays as determined in a manner acceptable to Agent (in its Credit Judgment) by an appraiser acceptable to Agent (in its Credit Judgment), net of all costs of liquidation thereof. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification: a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation,
in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation: 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Board of Governors: the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

Borrowed Money: with respect to any Obligor or Subsidiary, without duplication, its (a) Indebtedness that (i) arises from the
lending of money by any Person to such Obligor or Subsidiary, (ii) is evidenced by notes, drafts, bonds, debentures, credit documents or similar instruments, (iii) accrues interest or is a type upon which interest charges are customarily
paid (excluding trade payables owing in the Ordinary Course of Business), or (iv) was issued or assumed as full or partial payment for Property; (b) Capital Leases; (c) reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit; and
(d) guaranties of any Indebtedness of the foregoing types owing by another Person. 

Borrower Agent: as defined in
Section 4.4. 

Borrower Group: a group consisting of (i) the U.S. Borrowers, (ii) the Canadian Borrower,
(iii) the German
Borrower[reserved], or (iv) the U.K./Dutch
Borrowers, as the context requires. 

Borrowers: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Borrowing: a group of Loans of one Type that are made on the same day or are converted into Loans of one Type on the same day. 

7 

Borrowing Base: the Canadian Borrowing Base and/or the German Borrowing Base and/or the U.S. Borrowing Base and/or the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base, as the
context requires. 

Borrowing Base Certificate: a U.S. Borrowing Base Certificate, a Canadian Borrowing Base Certificate, a German Borrowing Base Certificate, or a U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base Certificate, as applicable. Borrowing
Base Certificates means a U.S. Borrowing Base Certificate, a Canadian Borrowing Base Certificate, a German Borrowing Base Certificate,
and a U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base Certificate. 

British Pounds or
: the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 

Business Day: any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Agents Office is located; provided that: 

(a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a EURIBOR Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in
respect of any such EURIBOR Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such EURIBOR Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day; 

(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a SONIA Loan, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in
London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom; 

(c) if such day relates to any interest rate setting as to a SARON Loan, means a day other than when banks are closed for settlement and payments of foreign exchange
transactions in Zurich because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of Switzerland;
and [reserved]; and

(d) if such day relates to a Canadian Revolver Loan, any such day on which banks in Toronto, Ontario, Canada are open for the transaction of
banking business. 

Business Optimization Initiative: has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA. 

Calculation Date: as defined in Section 5.13. 

CAM: as defined in Section 14.11(a)(i). 

CAM Exchange: as defined in Section 14.11(a)(ii). 

CAM Exchange Date: as defined in Section 14.11(a)(iii). 

CAM Percentage: as defined in Section 14.11(a)(iv). 

Canadian Accounts Formula Amount: (a) as of any date of determination within the period beginning on May 1 through and
including October 31 of each Fiscal Year, 85% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the Canadian Borrower; and (b) as of any date of determination within the period beginning on November 1 through and including April 30 of each
Fiscal Year, 90% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the Canadian Borrower (or 85% of the Value solely with respect to Eligible Accounts of the Canadian Borrower arising from the Topgolf Business). 

8 

Canadian Availability: as of any date of determination, the Canadian Borrowing Base
as of such date of determination minus the aggregate principal amount of all Canadian Revolver Loans outstanding on such date of determination. 

Canadian Availability Reserve: the sum (without duplication) of (a) the Inventory Reserve with respect to the Canadian
Borrowers Inventory; (b) the Canadian Rent and Charges Reserve; (c) the Canadian LC Reserve; (d) the Canadian Bank Product Reserve; (e) all accrued Royalties of the Canadian Domiciled Obligors, whether or not then due and
payable by a Canadian Domiciled Obligor; (f) the aggregate amount of liabilities secured by Liens upon Canadian Facility Collateral assets included in the Canadian Borrowing Base that are senior to the Agents Liens (but imposition of any
such reserve shall not waive an Event of Default arising therefrom); (g) the Canadian Priority Payables Reserve; (h) the Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve; (i) the Canadian Dilution Reserve; and (j) such additional reserves, in
such amounts and with respect to such matters, as Agent in its Credit Judgment may elect to impose from time to time with respect to the Canadian Borrowing Base. 

Canadian Bank Product Reserve: the aggregate amount of reserves established by Agent from time to time in its Credit Judgment in
respect of Secured Bank Product Obligations owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors and their Subsidiaries. 

Canadian Base Rate:
for any day, the greater of (i) the per annum rate of interest designated by Bank of America (Canada) from time to time as its base rate for commercial loans made by it in Dollars, which rate is based on various factors, including its costs and
desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such rate; (ii) the Federal Funds Rate for such day, plus 0.50% per annum; or
(iii) Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as determined on such day, plus 1.00%; provided, that in no event shall the Canadian Base Rate be less than zero. Any change in such rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the
applicable Business Day. 

Canadian Base Rate Loan: a Canadian Revolver Loan, or portion thereof, funded in Dollars and bearing
interest calculated by reference to the Canadian Base Rate. 

Canadian Borrower: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Canadian Borrowing Base: on any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the result of: (i) the Maximum
Canadian Facility Amount, minus (ii) the Canadian LC Reserve; or (b) the result of: (i) the Canadian Accounts Formula Amount, plus (ii) the Canadian Inventory Formula Amount, plus (iii) 100% of the
amount of Canadian Pledged Cash, minus (iv) the Canadian Availability Reserve. 

Canadian Borrowing Base Certificate: a
certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, by which the Canadian Borrower certifies calculation of the Canadian Borrowing Base. 

Canadian Cash Collateral Account: a demand deposit, money market or other account established by Agent at Bank of America (Canada) or
such other financial institution as Agent may select in its discretion, which account shall be for the benefit of the Canadian Facility Secured Parties and shall be subject to Agents Liens securing the Canadian Facility Obligations. 

Canadian Dilution Reserve: as of any date of determination, an amount sufficient to reduce the advance rate against Eligible Accounts
of the Canadian Borrower by 1% for each whole percentage point (or portion thereof) by which the Dilution Percent is in excess of 5.0%. 

Canadian Dollars or Cdn$: the lawful currency of Canada. 

9 

Canadian Domiciled Obligor: each Canadian Subsidiary which is at any time an Obligor,
and Canadian Domiciled Obligors means all such Persons, collectively. 

Canadian Dominion Account: a special
account established by the Canadian Borrower at Bank of America (Canada) or another bank acceptable to Agent in its Credit Judgment, over which Agent has exclusive control for withdrawal purposes during any Dominion Trigger Period. 

Canadian Employee Benefits Legislation: the Employment Pensions Plan Act (Alberta), Pension Benefits Standards Act
(British Columbia), the Supplemental Pension Plans Act (Quebec) and any Canadian federal, provincial or local counterparts or equivalents, in each case, as applicable and as amended from time to time. 

Canadian Employee Plan: any payroll practice and other employee benefit plan, policy, program, agreement or arrangement, including
retirement, pension, profit sharing, employment, individual consultant or other compensation agreement, collective bargaining agreement, bonus or other incentive compensation, retention, stock purchase, equity or equity-based compensation, deferred
compensation, change in control, severance, sick leave, vacation, loans, salary continuation, hospitalization, health, life insurance, educational assistance or other fringe benefit or perquisite plan, policy, agreement which is or was sponsored,
maintained or contributed to by, or required to be contributed to by, a Canadian Domiciled Obligor, or with respect to which a Canadian Domiciled Obligor has or could have any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Canadian Expeditors Reserve: as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of accounts payable owed by any Canadian Facility
Obligor to Expeditors, as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

Canadian Facility Collateral: all Collateral that now or
hereafter secures (or is intended to secure) any of the Canadian Facility Obligations, including Property of each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, each U.S. Domiciled Obligor,
and each U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor and each German Domiciled Obligor. 

Canadian Facility Guarantee: each guarantee agreement (including this Agreement) at any time executed by a Canadian Facility Guarantor
in favor of Agent guaranteeing all or any portion of the Canadian Facility Obligations. 

Canadian Facility Guarantor: Parent, each
Canadian Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each U.S. Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each U.K. Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each Dutch Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each German Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, and each other Person (if any) who guarantees payment and
performance of any Canadian Facility Obligations. 

Canadian Facility Obligations: all Obligations of the Canadian Facility
Obligors (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations of the U.S. Domiciled Obligors as borrowers or guarantors of any U.S. Facility Obligations). 

Canadian Facility Obligor: each of the Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Facility Guarantor, and Canadian Facility
Obligors means all of such Persons, collectively. 

Canadian Facility Secured Parties: Agent, the Canadian Issuing Bank,
the Canadian Lenders and the Secured Bank Product Providers who provide Bank Products to the Canadian Facility Obligors and their Subsidiaries. 

10 

Canadian Inventory Formula Amount: as of any date of determination, the lesser of
(a) 75% of the Value of the Canadian Borrowers Eligible Inventory; and (b) 85% of the NOLV Percentage of the Value of the Canadian Borrowers Eligible Inventory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of the
Canadian Inventory Formula Amount which may be attributed to Eligible In-Transit Inventory (the Canadian In-Transit Availability) shall not exceed $5,000,000; provided, that the Canadian In-Transit Availability
(after taking into effect the previous proviso) shall be reduced by the Canadian Expeditors Reserve if, as of any date of determination, either (I) Canadian Net Excess Availability is less than 10% of the Maximum Canadian Facility Amount, or
(II) there are any accounts payable owed by any Canadian Facility Obligor to Expeditors which are aged in excess of historical levels (except in cases of good faith disputes). 

Canadian Issuing Bank: Bank of America (Canada) or an Affiliate of Bank of America (Canada). 

Canadian LC Obligations: the sum (without duplication) of (a) all amounts owing by the Canadian Borrower for any drawings under
Letters of Credit; (b) the stated amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Canadian Borrower, which if such Letter of Credit is denominated in a currency other than Canadian Dollars or Dollars, may be stated by
Agent (at its option) in Canadian Dollars or Dollars calculated at the Spot Rate; and (c) all fees and other amounts owing with respect to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Canadian Borrower. 

Canadian LC Reserve: the aggregate of all Canadian LC Obligations, other than those that have been Cash Collateralized. 

Canadian Lenders: Bank of America (Canada) and each other Lender that has issued a Canadian Revolver Commitment (provided that such
Person or an Affiliate of such Person also has a U.S. Revolver Commitment). Each Canadian Lender shall be a Canadian Qualified Lender. 

Canadian Letter of Credit Subline: $5,000,000. 

Canadian Letters of Credit: any standby or documentary letter of credit issued by the Canadian Issuing Bank for the account of the
Canadian Borrower, or any indemnity, guarantee, exposure transmittal memorandum or similar form of credit support issued by Agent or the Canadian Issuing Bank for the benefit of the Canadian Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Canadian Multi-Employer Plan: each multi-employer plan, within the meaning of the Regulations under the Income Tax Act (Canada). 

Canadian Net Excess Availability: as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Canadian Availability minus the aggregate
amount, if any, of all trade payables of Canadian Domiciled Obligors that are more than 60 days past due (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion) and all book overdrafts of Canadian Domiciled Obligors in excess of historical
practices with respect thereto, in each case as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

Canadian Overadvance: as defined in
Section 2.1.5. 

Canadian Overadvance Loan: a Canadian Revolver Loan made to the Canadian Borrower when a Canadian
Overadvance exists or is caused by the funding thereof. 

Canadian Overadvance Loan Balance: on any date, the amount by which the
aggregate Canadian Revolver Exposure exceeds the amount of the Canadian Borrowing Base on such date. 

11 

Canadian Pension Plan: a registered pension plan, as defined in the
Income Tax Act (Canada) and any other pension plan maintained or contributed to by, or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute by, any Obligor in respect of its Canadian employees or former employees, excluding, for greater
certainty, a Canadian Multi-Employer Plan. 

Canadian Pledged Cash: the funds maintained in a blocked Deposit Account or securities
account of the Canadian Borrower subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or securities account control agreement, as applicable, which give Agent at all times exclusive access and control for withdrawal purposes to the exclusion of the
Canadian Borrower and precluding the Canadian Borrower from withdrawing or otherwise giving any instructions in connection therewith and which may not be withdrawn without the Agents prior written consent (such consent not to be withheld if
(i) upon and after giving effect to such withdrawal, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) immediately after such withdrawal (for clarification, including after giving effect to any recalculation of
the Canadian Borrowing Base upon giving effect to such withdrawal), Canadian Availability would be a positive number), and which are subject to effective security documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, that provide Agent
with a perfected first priority/ranking security interest in and Lien on such funds (subject to Liens of the depository bank having priority by law). 

Canadian Prime Rate: for any day, a floating rate of interest per annum equal to the higher of (i) the per annum rate of interest
quoted or established as the prime rate of the Agent which it quotes or establishes for such day as its reference rate of interest in order to determine interest rates for commercial loans in Canadian Dollars in Canada to its Canadian
borrowers, which rate is based upon various factors, including costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced
rate; or (ii) Term CORRA for a one month Interest Period as determined on such day, plus 1.00% per annum; provided, that in no event shall the Canadian Prime Rate be less than zero. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate shall
take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change, without the necessity of any notice to the Borrowers or any other Person. 

Canadian Prime Rate Loan: a Canadian Revolver Loan, or portion thereof, funded in Canadian Dollars and bearing interest calculated by
reference to the Canadian Prime Rate. 

Canadian Priority Payables Reserve: on any date of determination, a reserve in such amount
as Agent may determine in its Credit Judgment which reflects the unpaid (when due) or un-remitted (when due) payroll tax deductions, unpaid (when due) pension plan contributions, employment insurance premiums, amounts deducted for vacation pay,
wages, workers compensation, unpaid (when due) or un-remitted (when due) sales tax, goods and services tax, value added tax, harmonized tax, excise tax, tax payable pursuant to Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) or similar applicable
provincial legislation and other unpaid (when due) or unremitted (when due) amounts by any Canadian Domiciled Obligor which would give rise to a Lien with priority under any Requirements of Law over the Lien of Agent. 

Canadian Qualified Lender: a financial institution that is not precluded from being a Canadian Lender under the terms of the Bank Act
(Canada) or other applicable Canadian federal or provincial legislation. 

Canadian Reimbursement Date: as defined in
Section 2.4.2. 

Canadian Rent and Charges Reserve: the aggregate of (a) all past due rent and other amounts owing
by an Obligor to any landlord, warehouseman, processor, repairman, mechanic, shipper, freight forwarder, broker or other Person who possesses any Canadian Facility Collateral asset included in the Canadian Borrowing Base or which constitute books
and records related to any Canadian Facility Collateral asset 

12 

included in the Canadian Borrowing Base, or could assert a Lien on any Canadian Facility Collateral asset included in the Canadian Borrowing Base or which constitute books and records related to
any Canadian Facility Collateral asset included in the Canadian Borrowing Base; and (b) a reserve at least equal to three months rent and other charges that are reasonably expected to be payable to any such Person, unless it has executed
a Lien Waiver. 

Canadian Required Lenders: Canadian Lenders (subject to Section 4.2) having (a) Canadian Revolver
Commitments in excess of 50% of the aggregate Canadian Revolver Commitments; and (b) if the Canadian Revolver Commitments have terminated, Canadian Revolver Loans and Canadian LC Obligations in excess of 50% of all outstanding Canadian Revolver
Loans and Canadian LC Obligations; provided, however, that the Canadian Revolver Commitments and Canadian Revolver Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from such calculation; provided, further, that at any
time there are: (i) 2 or more Canadian Lenders, Canadian Required Lenders must include at least 2 Canadian Lenders, and (ii) less than 2 Canadian Lenders, Canadian Required Lenders must include all Canadian Lenders.

Canadian Revolver Commitment: for any Canadian Lender, its obligation to make Canadian Revolver Loans and to participate in
Canadian LC Obligations in the applicable Available Currencies up to the maximum principal amount shown on Schedule 1.1, or as hereafter determined pursuant to each Assignment and Acceptance to which it is a party, as such Canadian Revolver
Commitment may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.1.4 or 11.2. Canadian Revolver Commitments means the aggregate amount of such commitments of all Canadian Lenders. 

Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date: the earliest of (a) the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date (without regard
to the reason therefor), (b) the date on which the Borrower Agent terminates or reduces to zero all of the Canadian Revolver Commitments pursuant to Section 2.1.4, and (c) the date on which the Canadian Revolver Commitments are
terminated pursuant to Section 11.2. 

Canadian Revolver Exposure: on any date, an amount equal to the sum of the Dollar
Equivalent of the Canadian Revolver Loans outstanding on such date plus the Canadian LC Obligations on such date. 

Canadian
Revolver Loan: a Revolver Loan made by Canadian Lenders to the Canadian Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.1(b), which Revolver Loan shall, if denominated in Canadian Dollars, be either a Term CORRA Loan or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan
and, if denominated in Dollars, shall be either a Canadian Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan, in each case as selected by the Borrower Agent, and any Canadian Swingline Loan, Canadian Overadvance Loan or Protective Advance made to or owed by the
Canadian Borrower. 

Canadian Revolver Notes: a promissory note executed by Canadian Borrower in favor of a Canadian Lender in the
form of Exhibit A-1, in the amount of such Canadian Lenders Canadian Revolver Commitment. 

Canadian Security
Agreement: each (a) general security agreement, security agreement, deed of hypothec, pledge agreement, mortgage or similar agreement pursuant to which any Canadian Domiciled Obligor grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Canadian Facility
Secured Parties, Liens upon its Property as security for the Canadian Facility Obligations or (b) security agreement, deed of hypothec, pledge agreement, mortgage or similar agreement pursuant to which any U.S. Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
Liens on its Property located in Canada or otherwise subject to Canadian law as security for any of the Obligations. 

13 

Canadian Subsidiary: a Subsidiary of Parent incorporated or organized under the laws
of Canada or any province or territory of Canada. 

Canadian Swingline Loan: any Borrowing of Canadian Base Rate Loans and/or
Canadian Prime Rate Loans funded with Agents funds, until such Borrowing is settled among the Canadian Lenders or repaid by the Canadian Borrower. 

Canadian Unused Line Fee Rate: a per annum rate equal to 0.25%. 

Capital Expenditures: all liabilities incurred or expenditures made by an Obligor or Restricted Subsidiary for the acquisition of fixed
assets, or any improvements, replacements, substitutions or additions thereto with a useful life of more than one year. 

Capital
Lease: as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of that Person;
provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of obligations attributable to any Capital Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock: any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a
corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to
acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 

Captive Insurance Subsidiary: any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any
Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 

Cash: money, currency or a credit balance in any Deposit Account, in each case determined in
accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Collateral: cash, and any interest or other income earned thereon, that is delivered to Agent to Cash
Collateralize any Obligations. 

Cash Collateral Account: the U.S. Cash Collateral Account and/or the Canadian Cash Collateral
Account and/or the German Cash Collateral Account and/or the U.K./Dutch Cash Collateral Account, as the
context may require. 

Cash Collateralize: the delivery of cash to Agent, as security for the payment of Obligations, in an
amount equal to (a) with respect to LC Obligations, 103% of the aggregate LC Obligations, and (b) with respect to any inchoate, contingent or other Obligations (including Secured Bank Product Obligations), Agents good faith estimate
of the amount due or to become due, including all fees and other amounts relating to such Obligations. Cash Collateralization has a correlative meaning. 

Cash Equivalents: as at any date of determination, (a) readily marketable securities (i) issued or directly and
unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to interest and principal by the U.S. government or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case
maturing within one year after such date and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (b) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any
such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition 

14 

thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moodys shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from
another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (c) commercial paper maturing no more than one year from the date of creation thereof and
having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moodys shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another
nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (d) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within one year after such date and issued or
accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized under, or authorized to operate as a bank under, the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof and that has capital and surplus of not less
than $75,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (e) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments
referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above, (ii) net assets of not less than $250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys (or, if at any time neither S&P nor
Moodys shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); and (f) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance
Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. 

Cash Equivalents shall also include (x) Investments of the type
and maturity described in clauses (a) through (f) above of foreign obligors (including foreign governments), which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or
equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by foreign jurisdictions in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments analogous to the Investments
described in clauses (a) through (f) and in this paragraph. 

Cash Management Services: any services
provided from time to time by any Lender or any of its Affiliates or branches to any Obligor or Subsidiary in connection with operating, collections, payroll, trust, or other depository or disbursement accounts, including automated clearinghouse,
e-payable, electronic funds transfer, wire transfer, controlled disbursement, overdraft, depository, information reporting, lockbox and stop payment services. 

CFC: a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 

CFC Holdco: (a) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of either
(i) Capital Stock or (ii) Capital Stock and Indebtedness, of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs and (b) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of either (i) the
Capital Stock or (ii) the Capital Stock and Indebtedness of one or more Persons of the type described in the immediately preceding clause (a). 

Change in Law: the occurrence, after the date hereof, of (a) the adoption, taking effect or phasing in of any law, rule,
regulation or treaty; (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof; or (c) the making, issuance or application of any request, guideline, requirement or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or any European equivalent
regulation (such as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation) and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for
International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III or CRR, shall in each case be deemed to be a
Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

15 

Change of Control: the earliest to occur of (a) an event or series of events by
which any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting
in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be
deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right)),
directly or indirectly, of 35% or more of the equity securities of the Parent entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Parent on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities
that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right), (b) the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person, (c) the occurrence of any Change of Control (or any comparable term) in any document pertaining to the Term Loan Facility Agreement, including any refinancings thereof, (d) the
adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Parent, or (e) Parent ceases to own and control, beneficially and of record, directly or indirectly all Capital Stock in all other Borrowers (except as a result of a
transaction not prohibited hereunder). 

For purposes of this definition, a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own voting
Capital Stock subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement or similar agreement (or voting or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the voting Capital Stock in connection with the
transactions contemplated by such agreement. 

Charge: any fee, loss, charge, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind. 

Charged Company: as defined in Section 6.1(k). 

Claims: all claims, liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, proceedings, interest, costs and expenses of any
kind (including remedial response costs, reasonable attorneys fees and Extraordinary Expenses) at any time (including after Full Payment of the Obligations or replacement of Agent or any Lender) incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against
any Indemnitee by any Obligor or other Person, in any way relating to (a) any Loans, Letters of Credit, Loan Documents, or the use thereof or transactions relating thereto, (b) any action taken or omitted in connection with any Loan
Documents, (c) the existence or perfection of any Liens, or realization upon any Collateral, (d) exercise of any rights or remedies under any Loan Documents or Requirements of Law, or (e) failure by any Obligor to perform or observe
any terms of any Loan Document, in each case including all reasonable and documented costs and expenses relating to any investigation, litigation, arbitration or other proceeding (including an Insolvency Proceeding or appellate proceedings), whether
or not the applicable Indemnitee is a party thereto (limited in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one counsel to all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and if reasonably necessary, one local
counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to each group of similarly situated affected Indemnitees and (y) one
additional local counsel to each group of similarly situated affected Indemnitees). 

Closing Date: as defined in
Section 6.1. 

CME: CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 

Code: the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

16 

Collateral: all Property described in Section 7.1, all Property described
in any Security Documents as security for any Obligations, and all other Property that now or hereafter secures (or is intended to secure) any Obligations. 

Collateral and Guarantee Requirement: at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in this Agreement and/or
any other Loan Document and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or any other applicable intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof, and (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in
Section 10.1.12, the requirement that, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become an Obligor after the Closing Date (including by ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary) or that is designated as an Obligor pursuant to
Section 10.1.12(d)(vi), the Agent and its counsel shall have received (A) a Joinder Agreement, (B) if the respective Restricted Subsidiary required to comply with the requirements set forth in this definition pursuant to
Section 10.1.12 owns registrations of or applications for U.S. or Canadian Patents, Trademarks and/or Copyrights that constitute Collateral, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (C) in the case of a U.S. Subsidiary or Canadian
Subsidiary, a completed Perfection Certificate, (D) Uniform Commercial Code and/or PPSA financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Agent or its counsel may reasonably request, (E) an executed joinder
to the Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (F) any Security Documents (or joinders or accessions thereto) governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in
which the applicable Obligor is formed or incorporated and/or where Eligible Inventory or Eligible Toptracer Bays are located and/or Dominion Accounts are located (in each case, other than any such Eligible Inventory or Eligible Toptracer Bays that
the applicable Obligor elects by written notice to Agent to exclude from the applicable Borrowing Base) (and other jurisdictions reasonably requested by Agent and agreed to by Parent) which the Agent may reasonably request and (G) all other
documents and instruments required by Perfection Requirements, including stock certificates evidencing equity of such Restricted Subsidiary (if certificated) with instruments of transfer executed in blank and delivery of any notices of security to
third parties to the extent required to be delivered under any Security Document. 

Commitment: for any Lender, the aggregate amount
of such Lenders U.S. Revolver Commitment, Canadian Revolver Commitment, German Revolver Commitment, and
U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment. Commitments means the aggregate amount of all U.S. Revolver Commitments, Canadian Revolver Commitments,
German Revolver Commitments, and U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments. 

Commodity Exchange Act: the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). 

Communication: this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate,
request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 

Company Trademark: collectively, the trademarks
owned by the U.S. Borrowers set forth on Schedule F-1 (as such Schedule may updated to include additional trademarks with the written consent of all Lenders). 

Compliance Certificate: a certificate, in the form of Exhibit D, by which Borrowers certify compliance with Section 10.3
and for purposes of determination of the Applicable Margin (such certificate to include a calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, whether or not a Covenant Trigger Period is in effect and regardless of the current pricing level as set
forth in the Pricing Grid). 

17 

Conforming Changes: (a) with respect to the use, administration of or any
conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Term SOFR Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of U.S. Base Rate, Canadian Base Rate and Interest Period, timing
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Agent in consultation with Parent, to reflect the adoption
and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent reasonably determines in consultation with Parent that adoption of any
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent reasonably determines in consultation with Parent is
reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document), and (b) with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with Term CORRA, SONIA, SARON, EURIBOR or any proposed Successor Rate for any currency, any conforming changes to the definitions of Canadian Prime Rate and Interest
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day, timing of
borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Agent in consultation with Parent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such
applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such currency (or, if the Agent reasonably determines in consultation with Parent that adoption of any portion of
such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent reasonably determines in consultation with Parent is
reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA: as to any Person for any period, an amount determined for such Person on a consolidated basis equal to the total of (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (b) the sum, without duplication, of (to the extent deducted
in calculating Consolidated Net Income, other than in respect of clauses (vi), (x), (xii) and (xiv) below) the amount of: 

(i) consolidated interest expense ((x) including (A) fees and expenses paid to the Agent in connection with its services
hereunder, (B) other bank, administrative agency (or trustee) and financing fees, (C) costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed) and (D) commissions, discounts and other
fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances or any similar facilities or financing and hedging agreements and (y) excluding cash interest payments in respect of deemed landlord financing
liabilities and Specified Capital Lease Obligations); 

(ii) Taxes paid and any provision for Taxes, including income,
profits, capital, state, franchise and similar Taxes, foreign withholding Taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added Taxes (including penalties and interest related to any such Tax or arising from any Tax examination, and including pursuant to any
Tax sharing arrangement or any intercompany distribution) of such Person paid or accrued during such period; 

(iii) total
depreciation and amortization expense; 

18 

(iv) any non-Cash Charge, including (A) the excess of rent expense over
actual Cash rent paid, including the benefit of lease incentives (in the case of a charge) during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes and/or (B) any non-cash compensation Charge and/or any other non-cash Charge
arising from the granting of any stock option or similar arrangement (including any profits interest), the granting of any stock appreciation right and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change
of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement); provided that if any such non-Cash charge, expense or loss represents an accrual or reserve for potential Cash items in any future period, such Person may
determine not to add back such non-Cash charge in the then-current period; 

(v) (A) Transaction Costs, (B) any
Charge incurred in connection with the consummation of any transaction (or any transaction proposed and not consummated and whether or not permitted under this Agreement), including any issuance or offering of Capital Stock, any Investment, any
acquisition, any Disposition, any recapitalization, any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout and/or any incurrence, repayment, refinancing, amendment or modification of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of
debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or any similar transaction, (C) the amount of any Charge that is actually reimbursed or reimbursable by any third party pursuant to any indemnification or
reimbursement provision or similar agreement or pursuant to insurance; provided that in respect of any Charge that is added back in reliance on clause (C) above, such Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such fee, cost,
expense or reserve within the next four Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent any reimbursement amount is not actually received within such period of four Fiscal Quarters, such reimbursement amount shall be deducted in calculating
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period of four Fiscal Quarters) and (D) Public Company Costs; 

(vi) if greater
than zero, (A) the Annualized New Location EBITDA attributable to any New Location minus (B) the Facility EBITDA attributable to such New Location; 

(vii) [reserved]; 

(viii) the amount of any cost, charge, accrual, reserve and/or expense incurred or accrued in connection with any single or
one-time event; 

(ix) the amount of any earn-out and/or other contingent consideration (including contingent consideration
accounted for as a bonus, compensation or otherwise) incurred in connection with any acquisition and/or Investment completed prior to the Closing Date and/or any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted by this Agreement consummated on or
after the Closing Date, in each case, which accrues or is paid during the applicable period and any adjustment of any thereof; 

(x) pro forma run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, operational improvements and synergies (net of
the amount of any actual amount realized) reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of the Parent and subject, if applicable, to certification by a Responsible Officer of the Parent) related to (A) any
asset sale, acquisition, Investment, Disposition, operating improvement, restructuring, cost saving initiative and/or other similar initiative (including any renegotiation of any contract and/or other arrangement) and any specified transaction
consummated prior to the Closing Date and (B) any asset sale, acquisition, Investment, Disposition, operating improvement, restructuring, cost saving initiative and/or other similar initiative (including any renegotiation of any contract and/or
other arrangement) and any specified transaction consummated on or after the Closing Date (any action or 

19 

event described in clause (B), a Business Optimization Initiative); provided that (1) the relevant cost saving, operating expense reduction, operational improvement and/or
synergy must be reasonably expected to be realized within 18 months following the date on which the Parent or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary determines to take the relevant action and (2) the aggregate amount of such cost savings,
operating expense reductions, operational improvements and synergies added back in reliance on this clause (x) shall be subject to the Specified Adjustment Cap; 

(xi) any Charge attributable to the undertaking and/or implementation of any new initiative, business optimization activity,
cost savings initiative, cost rationalization program, operating expense reduction and/or synergy and/or similar initiative and/or program (including, without limitation, in connection with any integration, restructuring or transition, any
reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility closing, consolidation, expansion, extension, reduction, opening and/or pre-opening), including the following: any inventory
optimization program and/or any curtailment, any business optimization Charge, any restructuring Charge (including any Charge relating to any tax restructuring), any Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility (including but not
limited to rent termination costs, contract termination costs, moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation Charge, any severance Charge, any Charge relating to entry into a new market or new product line, any Charge relating to any
strategic initiative, any signing Charge, any retention or completion bonus, any expansion and/or relocation Charge, any Charge associated with any modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan, any software development
Charge, any Charge associated with new systems design, any implementation Charge, any project startup Charge (including in connection with the international business, the media business, the Protracer business and other new business ventures), any
Charge in connection with new operations, any Charge in connection with unused warehouse space, any Charge relating to a new contract, any consulting Charge and/or any corporate development Charge; 

(xii) proceeds of business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such
proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive such proceeds within the next four Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent such proceeds are not actually received
within such four-Fiscal Quarter period, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period of four Fiscal Quarters)); 

(xiii) realized or unrealized net losses in the fair market value of any arrangement under any Hedging Agreement; 

(xiv) the amount of Cash actually received (or the amount of the benefit of any netting arrangement resulting in reduced Cash
expenditures) during such period, and not included in Consolidated Net Income in any period, to the extent that any non-Cash gain relating to such Cash receipt or netting arrangement was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
pursuant to clause (c)(i) below for any previous period and not added back; 

(xv) the amount of any pre-opening expense
and/or startup cost relating to the acquisition, opening and/or organizing of any new location, new market or new product line, including, without limitation, the cost of any feasibility study, staff-training and recruiting, costs for employees
engaged in start-up activities, advertising costs and pre-opening rent costs; 

20 

(xvi) [reserved]; 

(xvii) [reserved]; and 

(xviii) the amount of any minority interest expense attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any
non-Wholly-Owned-Subsidiary; 

minus (c) to the extent such amounts increase Consolidated Net Income: 

(i) any non-Cash gain or income; provided that if any non-Cash gain or income represents an accrual or deferred income in
respect of potential Cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to deduct such non-Cash gain or income in the current period; 

(ii) any realized or unrealized net gain in the fair market value of any arrangements under Hedging Agreements; 

(iii) the amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(v)(C) above (as described in such clause) to
the extent the relevant reimbursement amount was not received within the time period required by such clause; 

(iv) the
amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (b)(xii) above (as described in such clause) to the extent the relevant business interruption insurance proceeds were not received within the time period required by such clause;

(v) to the extent that such Person adds back the amount of any non-Cash charge to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to
clause (b)(iv) above, the cash payment in respect thereof in the relevant future period; and 

(vi) the excess of actual
Cash rent paid over rent expense during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the aggregate amount added back in reliance on clause (b)(x) shall not exceed 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Test Period (calculated after giving effect to such addbacks and/or adjustments)
(this paragraph, the Specified Adjustment Cap). 

Consolidated Net Income: as to any Person (the Subject
Person) for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Subject Person on a consolidated basis for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in conformity with GAAP; provided, that there shall be excluded, without
duplication, 

(a) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person
(other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment)
paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which
any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such
Person in respect of such loss during such period, 

21 

(b) any gain or Charge (less all fees and expenses chargeable thereto) attributable to any
sale, disposition or abandonment of Capital Stock or other assets (including asset retirement costs) or of returned surplus assets, in each case, outside of the ordinary course of business, 

(c) (i) any gain or Charge from (A) any extraordinary item (as determined in good faith by the relevant Person) and (B) any
nonrecurring or unusual item (as determined in good faith by the relevant Person) and/or (ii) any Charge incurred in connection with any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order, 

(d) any unrealized or realized net foreign currency translation gain or Charge impacting net income (including any currency re-measurement of
Indebtedness, any net gain or Charge resulting from any Hedging Agreement for currency exchange risk associated with the above or any other currency related risk and those resulting from intercompany Indebtedness), 

(e) any net gain or Charge with respect to (i) disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued assets, properties or operations (other
than, at the option of the Borrower Agent, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof), (ii) the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or discontinuation of assets, properties or
operations and (iii) any facility that has been closed during such period, 

(f) any net income or Charge (less all fees and expenses
or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Hedge Agreement), 

(g) (i) any Charge incurred as a result of, pursuant to or in connection with any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option
plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any pension plan, any stock subscription or shareholder agreement or any distributor equity plan or agreement and (ii) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover,
acceleration or payout of Capital Stock held by management of the Parent and/or any of its subsidiaries; provided that in the case of clause (g)(ii), to the extent such Charge is a Cash Charge, such Charge may only be added back in reliance on this
clause (g)(ii) to the extent the same is funded with net Cash proceeds contributed to the Subject Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Subject Person,

(h) any accrual and/or reserve that are required to be established or adjusted as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting
policies, 

(i) any (A) write-off or amortization made in such period of deferred financing costs and premiums paid or other expenses
incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (B) goodwill or other asset impairment charges, write-offs or write-downs, and (C) amortization of intangible assets, and 

(j) (i) effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Subject Person and its subsidiaries) in the
Subject Persons consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, advanced billings and debt
line items thereof) resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or acquisition accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition, Investment or disposition or the amortization or
write-off of any amounts thereof and (ii) the cumulative effect of changes (effected through cumulative effect adjustment or retroactive application) in accounting principles or policies. 

22 

Consolidated Total Assets: at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with
GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date. 

Contingent Obligation: of or by any Person (the Contingent Obligor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise,
of the Contingent Obligor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person (the Primary Obligor) in any manner and including any obligation of the
Contingent Obligor (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment
thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other
financial statement condition or liquidity of the Primary Obligor so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued
to support such Indebtedness or monetary obligation, (e) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect
such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (f) secured by any Lien on any assets of such Contingent Obligor securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness
or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Contingent Obligor (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Contingent
Obligation shall not include (i) endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any
acquisition, Investment, Disposition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness) or (ii) the pledge of Capital Stock of a joint venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary securing
capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which
such Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. 

Contractual Obligation: as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument,
mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 

Convertible Notes: the Parents 2.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. 

Copyright: the following: (a) all copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright whether published
or unpublished, copyright registrations and copyright applications; (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing; (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable under any of the foregoing, including,
without limitation, damages or payments for past or future infringements for any of the foregoing; (d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of the foregoing; and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the
foregoing. 

23 

Core Property: assets and property of the Parent and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries
that are subject to (a) the Existing Master Facility Lease and defined as Core Property in the Existing Master Facility Lease as of the Closing Date with such changes to the definition thereof consented to in writing by the Required
Lenders, or (b) a New Facility Lease and defined as Core Property or a functionally equivalent term in such New Facility Lease (provided that Core Property or such functionally equivalent term shall be defined in a
manner, taken as a whole, that is not, in the good faith determination of the Borrower Agent, materially less favorable to the Lenders than Core Property as defined in the Existing Master Facility Lease); provided that Core
Property shall not include any assets or property of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries if (i) the landlord under the applicable Specified Facility Lease has waived or otherwise permitted the pledge of such assets or
property or any subset of such assets or property (but only to the extent of such waiver or permission); it being understood and agreed that no Obligor shall be required to seek any such waiver or permission, (ii) such assets or property or any
subset thereof (but only to the extent of such subset) are no longer Core Property (or, in the case of a New Facility Lease, a functionally equivalent term) under the applicable Specified Facility Lease or (iii) the applicable
Specified Facility Lease is no longer in existence or in effect. 

CORRA: the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and
published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator). 

Costco: Costco Wholesale Corporation, a Washington corporation.

Covenant Trigger Period: the period (a) commencing on the day that Net Excess Availability is less than, at any time, an
amount equal to the Covenant Trigger Period Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount; and (b) continuing until, during the preceding 30 consecutive days, Net Excess Availability has been greater than, at all times, an amount equal to
the Covenant Trigger Period Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount. 

Covenant Trigger Period Threshold Percentage:
10%. 

Covered Entity: (a) a covered entity, as defined and interpreted in accordance with 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b); (b) a covered bank, as defined in and interpreted in accordance with 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (c) a covered FSI, as defined in and interpreted in accordance with 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Credit Card Issuer: any person (other than an Obligor) who issues or whose members issue credit cards, including, without limitation,
MasterCard or VISA bank credit or debit cards or other bank credit or debit cards issued through MasterCard International, Inc., Visa, U.S.A., Inc. or Visa International and American Express, Discover, Diners Club, Carte Blanche and other non-bank
credit or debit cards, including, without limitation, credit or debit cards issued by or through American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., and Novus Services, Inc. and other issuers approved by Agent in its Credit Judgment; provided,
that Credit Card Issuer shall not include any non-United States credit card issuers. 

Credit Card Notification: a
notification, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which has been executed on behalf of an Obligor and delivered to such Obligors applicable credit card clearinghouse or processor. 

Credit Card Processor: any servicing or processing agent or any factor or financial intermediary who facilitates, services, processes
or manages the credit authorization, billing transfer and/or payment procedures with respect to any U.S. Domiciled Obligors or U.K. Borrowers sales transactions involving credit card or debit card purchases by customers using credit
cards or debit cards issued by any Credit Card Issuer. 

24 

Credit Card Receivables: each payment intangible (as defined in the UCC)
together with all income, royalties, payments and proceeds thereof, owed by a Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor to an U.S. Domiciled Obligor or a U.K. Borrower resulting from charges by a customer of an U.S. Domiciled Obligor or a U.K.
Borrower on credit or debit cards issued by such Credit Card Issuer or facilitated, serviced, processed or managed by such Credit Card Processor, in connection with the sale of goods by an U.S. Domiciled Obligor or a U.K. Borrower, or services
performed by an U.S. Domiciled Obligor or a U.K. Borrower or otherwise relating to credit or debit cards or related services, in each case in the Ordinary Course of Business. 

Credit Judgment: Agents judgment exercised in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable business judgment (from the
perspective of a secured asset-based lender), based upon its consideration of any factor that it believes (a) could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the quantity, quality, mix or value of Collateral (including any Requirements of Law
that may inhibit collection of an Account), the enforceability or priority of Agents Liens, or the amount that Agent and Lenders could receive in liquidation of any Collateral; (b) provides a reasonable basis to conclude that any
collateral report or financial information delivered by any Obligor is incomplete, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect; or (c) materially increases the likelihood of any Insolvency Proceeding involving an Obligor. In exercising
such judgment, Agent may consider any factors that could reasonably be expected to increase the credit risk of lending to Borrowers on the security of the Collateral; provided that, as it relates to the establishment or adjustment of reserves or the
modification of eligibility standards or criteria, Credit Judgment shall require: (x) the contributing factors to the establishment or adjustment of any reserves or the modification of eligibility standards or criteria shall not duplicate
(i) the exclusionary criteria set forth in the applicable eligibility definitions, and vice versa or (ii) reserves deducted in computing book value and (y) the effect of any adjustment or modification of exclusionary criteria or the
establishment of any reserve be a reasonable quantification (as reasonably determined by Agent) of the incremental dilution of the Borrowing Base attributable to such contributing factors, and (z) eligibility criteria will not be revised by
Agent unless to address the results of any information with respect to the Borrowers business or assets of which Agent becomes aware after the Closing Date, including any field examination or appraisal performed by (or on behalf of) Agent from
time to time after the Closing Date. 

Credit Party: Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank; and Credit Parties means
Agent, Lenders and Issuing Banks. 

Creditor Representative: under any Requirements of Law, a receiver, interim receiver, receiver
and manager, trustee (including any trustee in bankruptcy), custodian, conservator, administrator, examiner, sheriff, monitor, assignee, liquidator, provisional liquidator, sequestrator or similar officer or fiduciary. 

CRR: either CRR-EU or, as the context may require, CRR-UK. 

CRR-EU: regulation 575/2013 of the European Union on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
regulation 2019/876 of the European Union amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and all delegated and implementing regulations supplementing that regulation. 

CRR-UK: CRR-EU as amended and transposed into the laws of the United Kingdom by the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 and as amended by the Capital Requirements (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. 

Customary Bridge Loans: customary bridge loans with a maturity date not longer than one year from the date of incurrence; provided that
(a) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any loan, note, security or other Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans is not shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any class of then-existing
loans under the Term Loan Facility Agreement, and (b) the final maturity date of any loan, note, security or other Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans is not earlier than the Latest Maturity Date on the
date of the issuance or incurrence thereof. 

25 

CWA: the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 

Daily Simple SOFR: with respect to any applicable determination date, the secured overnight financing rate published on the FRBNY
website (or any successor source satisfactory to Agent). 

Debtor Relief Laws: means the Bankruptcy Code of the U.S., and all other
liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, arrangement, receivership, insolvency, debt adjustment law, reorganization, administration or similar debtor relief laws of the
U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions (whether state, provincial, federal or foreign and including applicable corporate statutes) from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally, including the Bankruptcy and Insolvency
Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), the Insolvency Act 1986 (UK), the Enterprise Act 2002 (UK) and/or the Corporate Insolvency & Governance Act 2020 (UK). 

Default: an event or condition that, with the lapse of time or giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate: for any Obligation (including, to the extent permitted by law, interest not paid when due), 2% plus the interest
rate otherwise applicable thereto. 

Defaulting Lender: any Lender that, as determined by Agent, (a) has failed to perform any
funding obligations hereunder, and such failure is not cured within three Business Days; (b) has notified Agent or any Borrower that such Lender does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder or has made a public statement to
the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder or under any other credit facility; (c) has failed, within three Business Days following request by Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to Agent that
such Lender will comply with its funding obligations hereunder; or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of an Insolvency Proceeding (including reorganization, liquidation, or appointment of a
receiver, custodian, administrator or similar Person by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other regulatory authority), or Bail-In Action; provided, however, that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue
of a Governmental Authoritys ownership of an equity interest in such Lender or parent company unless the ownership provides immunity for such Lender from jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from enforcement of judgments or writs
of attachment on its assets, or permits such Lender or Governmental Authority to repudiate or otherwise to reject such Lenders agreements. 

Demand Date: as defined in Section 5.11.7(h).

Deposit Account: as defined in the UCC (and/or with respect to any Deposit Account located in Canada and/or Germany and/or the U.K. and/or the Netherlands and/or the Republic of Ireland, any bank account with a deposit
function). 

Deposit Account Control Agreements: the deposit account control agreements to be executed by each institution
maintaining a Deposit Account for an Obligor, in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, and shall include, in the case of any Deposit Accounts domiciled outside the United States or Canada, notice to and acknowledgement
from the relevant institution maintaining that Deposit Account. 

Derivative Transaction: (a) any interest-rate transaction,
including any interest-rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued
securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange-rate transaction, including any cross-currency interest-rate swap, any 

26 

forward foreign-exchange contract, any currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction,
including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal) derivative
transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks; provided, that no phantom stock or similar
plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Parent or its subsidiaries shall be a Derivative Transaction. 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration: the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower Agent in good faith) of non-Cash consideration
received by the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 10.2.7(h) and/or Section 10.2.8 that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower Agent, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to
Cash or Cash Equivalents). 

Designated Obligations: as defined in Section 14.11(a)(v).

Dilution Percent: the percent, for any period determined by Agent, equal to (a) bad debt write-downs or write-offs, discounts,
returns, promotions, credits, credit memos and other dilutive items with respect to Accounts of the U.S. Borrowers (in the case of the U.S. Dilution Reserve), the Canadian Borrower (in the case of the Canadian Dilution Reserve), the German Borrower (in the case of the German Dilution Reserve), or the U.K./Dutch Borrowers (in the case of the
U.K./Dutch Dilution Reserve), divided by (b) gross sales of the U.S. Borrowers (in the case of the U.S. Dilution Reserve), of the Canadian Borrower (in the case of the Canadian Dilution Reserve), of the German Borrower (in the case of the German Dilution Reserve), or of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers (in the case of
the U.K./Dutch Dilution Reserve). 

Direction: as defined in Section 5.9.2(a)(ii)(A). 

Discharged: Indebtedness that has been defeased (pursuant to a contractual or legal defeasance) or discharged pursuant to the
prepayment or deposit of amounts sufficient to satisfy such Indebtedness as it becomes due or irrevocably called for redemption (and regardless of whether such Indebtedness constitutes a liability on the balance sheet of the obligors thereof);
provided, however, that the Indebtedness shall be deemed Discharged if the payment or deposit of all amounts required for defeasance or discharge or redemption thereof have been made even if certain conditions thereto have not been
satisfied, so long as such conditions are reasonably expected to be satisfied within ninety-five (95) days after such prepayment or deposit. 

Disposition or Dispose: the sale, lease, sublease, license, sublicense or other disposition of any property of any Person. 

Disqualified Capital Stock: any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for
which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to
a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is
issued, (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case at any time

27 

on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the
option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued or (d) provides for the
scheduled payments of dividends in Cash on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued; provided that (x) any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for
provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of
any change of control or any Disposition occurring prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if such Capital Stock provides that the issuer thereof
will not redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions prior to Full Payment and (y) for purposes of clauses (a) through (d) above, it is understood and agreed that if any such maturity, redemption conversion, exchange,
repurchase obligation or scheduled payment is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date (determined at the time such Capital Stock is issued) shall constitute Disqualified Capital
Stock. 

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of
directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, in each case in the ordinary course of business of the Parent
or any Restricted Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and
(B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Parent (or any subsidiary) shall be
considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan,
put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. 

Document: as defined in the UCC
(and/or with respect to any Document of a Canadian Subsidiary, a document of title as defined in the PPSA). 

Dollar
Equivalent: on any date, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount in Dollars, and with respect to any stated amount in a currency other than Dollars, the amount of Dollars that Agent determines (which determination shall be
conclusive and binding absent manifest error) would be necessary to be sold on such date at the applicable Exchange Rate to obtain the stated amount of the other currency. 

Dollars: lawful money of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiary: any Restricted Subsidiary incorporated or organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District
of Columbia. 

Dominion Account: with respect to the U.S. Domiciled Obligors, a U.S. Dominion Account; with respect to the Canadian
Domiciled Obligors, a Canadian Dominion Account; with respect to the German Domiciled Obligors, a German Dominion Account; with respect to the U.K. Domiciled Obligors, a U.K. Dominion Account; and with respect to the Dutch Domiciled Obligors, a Dutch Dominion Account. 

28 

Dominion Trigger Period: the period (a) commencing on the day that an Event of
Default occurs, or Net Excess Availability is less than: (i) an amount equal to 10% of the Maximum Facility Amount for five (5) consecutive Business Days, or (ii) 7.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount at any time, and
(b) continuing until, during the preceding 30 consecutive days, no Event of Default has existed and Net Excess Availability has been greater than, at all times, an amount equal to 10% of the Maximum Facility Amount. Agent will endeavor to
provide copies of each notice of control Agent sends to any Dominion Account bank to Borrower Agent substantially contemporaneously with providing such notice to such Dominion Account bank; provided, however, that the failure of Agent
to provide a copy of any such notice to Borrower Agent shall not give rise to any liability on the part of Agent and shall not affect the validity and effectiveness of such notice. 

Dutch Borrower: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Dutch Domiciled Obligor: each Dutch Subsidiary which is at any time an Obligor, and Dutch Domiciled Obligors means
all such Persons, collectively. 

Dutch Dominion Account: a special account established by the Dutch Borrower at Bank of America (or
any branch or Affiliate thereof) or another bank reasonably acceptable to Agent, over which Agent has a Lien governed by the law of the jurisdiction in which such account is domiciled and exclusive control for withdrawal purposes during any Dominion
Trigger Period. 

Dutch Omnibus Pledge: the Dutch law omnibus pledge agreement to be granted by the Dutch Borrower in favor of Agent
in connection with certain Deposit Accounts, Accounts and Inventory located in the Netherlands, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Dutch Pledged Cash: the funds maintained in a blocked Deposit Account or securities account of a Dutch Borrower subject to a Deposit
Account Control Agreement or securities account control agreement, as applicable, which give Agent at all times exclusive access and control for withdrawal purposes to the exclusion of the Dutch Borrower and precluding the Dutch Borrower from
withdrawing or otherwise giving any instructions in connection therewith and which may not be withdrawn without the Agents prior written consent (such consent not to be withheld if (i) upon and after giving effect to such withdrawal, no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) immediately after such withdrawal (for clarification, including after giving effect to any recalculation of the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base upon giving effect to such
withdrawal), U.K./Dutch Availability would be a positive number), and which are subject to effective security documents governed by the law of the jurisdiction in which such Deposit Account is domiciled in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent, that provide Agent with a perfected first priority/ranking security interest in and Lien on such funds (subject to Liens of the depository bank having priority by law). 

Dutch Security Documents: the Dutch Omnibus Pledge, the Dutch Share Pledge and any other similar agreement, instrument or document
governed by the laws of any jurisdiction, including Germany, in each case now or hereafter securing (or given with the intent to secure) the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

Dutch Share Pledge: the Dutch law share pledge agreement to be granted by the U.K. Borrower over the shares in the Dutch Borrower in
favor of the Agent, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Dutch Subsidiary: a
Subsidiary of Parent incorporated or organized under the laws of the Netherlands. 

29 

EEA Financial Institution: (a) any credit institution or investment firm
established in an EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority; (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) above; or (c) any
financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of an institution described in the foregoing clauses and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country: any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority: any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of an EEA
Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Copy:
as defined in Section 14.8. 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature: as defined in Section 14.8. 

Eligible Account: an Account owing to a Borrower that arises in the Ordinary Course of Business from the sale of goods (or, solely with
respect to the Toptracer Bays, the lease or license thereof) or rendition of services (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Credit Card Receivables), is payable in Dollars (or, in the case of: (w) an Account owing to the Canadian
Borrower, in Dollars or Canadian Dollars, (x) an Account owing to the Dutch Borrower, in Dollars, Euros, Swedish Kroner, Danish Kroner, Norwegian Kroner, or British
Pounds, (y) an Account owing to the German Borrower, in Dollars, Euros, Swiss Francs, Swedish Kroner, Danish Kroner, Norwegian Kroner, or British Pounds[reserved], and (z) an Account owing to a U.K. Borrower in Dollars,
Euros, or British Pounds), and is deemed by Agent, in its Credit Judgment, to satisfy the criteria set forth below. No Account shall be an Eligible Account if (a) it is unpaid for more than 60 days after the original due date (or up to an
additional 30 days as Agent may approve on an Account Debtor by Account Debtor basis in its sole discretion), or it is unpaid for more than 150 days after the original invoice date (or up to an additional 30 days as Agent may approve on an Account
Debtor by Account Debtor basis in its sole discretion); (b) 50% or more of the Accounts owing by the Account Debtor are not Eligible Accounts under the foregoing clause; (c) when aggregated with other Accounts owing by the Account Debtor
and such Account Debtors Affiliates, it exceeds 15% of the aggregate Eligible Accounts (or such higher percentage as Agent may establish for the Account Debtor and its Affiliates from time to time in its Credit Judgment); provided
that, (i) with respect to Accounts owing by Dicks Sporting Goods and its Affiliates, such percentage shall be 50%, and (ii) with respect to Accounts owing by Amazon and its Affiliates, such percentage shall be 35%; (d) it
does not conform with a covenant or representation herein; (e) it is owing by a creditor (other than a lessee or licensee of a Toptracer Bay) or supplier, or is otherwise subject to a potential offset, counterclaim, dispute, deduction,
discount, recoupment, reserve, defense, chargeback, credit or allowance (but ineligibility shall be limited to the amount thereof); (f) an Insolvency Proceeding has been commenced by or against the Account Debtor; or the Account Debtor has
failed, has suspended or ceased doing business, is liquidating, dissolving or winding up its affairs, or is not Solvent, or is the target of any Sanction or on any specially designated nationals list maintained by OFAC; or the Borrower that
originated such Account is not able to bring suit or enforce remedies against the Account Debtor through judicial process; (g) with respect to Accounts owing to: (i) the U.S. Borrowers or the Canadian Borrower, the Account Debtor is
organized or has its principal offices or assets outside the United States or Canada, (ii) the German Borrower, the Account Debtor is organized or has its
principal offices or assets outside of England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Switzerland, Norway, or any country which was a Participating Member State of the European
Union prior to May 1, 2004,[reserved],
(iii) the U.K. Borrowers, the Account Debtor is organized or has its principal offices or assets outside of England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Switzerland,
Norway, or any country which was a Participating Member State of the European Union prior to May 1, 2004, and (iv) the Dutch Borrower, the Account Debtor is organized or has its principal offices or assets outside of

30 

the United States, Canada, Switzerland, Norway, England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland or any country which was a Participating Member State of the European Union prior to May 1, 2004;
(h) it is owing by a Government Authority, unless the Account Debtor is the United States or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof and the Account has been assigned to Agent in compliance with the Assignment of Claims Act or the
Account Debtor is the federal government of Canada or any Crown corporation, department, agency or instrumentality of Canada and the Canadian Borrower has complied, to the satisfaction of Agent, with the Financial Administration Act or other
applicable law; (i) it is not subject to a duly perfected, first priority (in the case of Accounts owing to a U.K. Borrower, expressed as a fixed charge) Lien in favor of Agent, or is subject to any other Lien (other than: (x) subject to
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Liens granted to Term Loan Collateral Agent pursuant to the Term Loan Documents, and (y) Liens subordinate to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor
agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof); (j) the goods giving rise to it have not been delivered to the Account Debtor, the services giving rise to it have not been accepted by the Account Debtor, or it otherwise does not
represent a final sale (other than a lease or licenses of a Toptracer Bay); (k) it is evidenced by Chattel Paper (other than Chattel Paper consisting of a lease or license of Toptracer Bays) or an Instrument of any kind, or has been reduced to
judgment; (l) its payment has been extended or the Account Debtor has made a partial payment; (m) it arises from a sale to an Affiliate, from a sale on a cash-on-delivery, bill-and-hold, sale-or-return,sale-on-approval, consignment, or other repurchase or return basis; (n) it represents a progress billing or
retainage, or relates to services for which a performance, surety or completion bond or similar assurance has been issued; or (o) it includes a billing for interest, fees or late charges, but ineligibility shall be limited to the extent
thereof. In calculating delinquent portions of Accounts under clauses (a) and (b), credit balances more than 60 days old (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion) will be excluded. 

The criteria for Eligible Accounts set forth above may only be changed and any new criteria for Eligible Accounts may only be established by
Agent in its Credit Judgment, based on: (i) an event, condition or other circumstance arising after the date hereof, (ii) an event, condition or other circumstance existing on the date hereof to the extent that the Agent has no knowledge
thereof or its effect on the Account, or (iii) facts, information, or circumstances provided to or learned by Agent in the course of its administration of the facility, including, without limitation, in connection with field exams, audits,
reports and other information received, and observance of Collateral and the Obligors business performance, in any case under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii), which adversely affects or would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the
Accounts as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Accounts of Topgolf
and its Subsidiaries shall be Eligible Accounts until such time as Agent has first completed a field exam after the Closing Date with respect to Topgolf and its Subsidiaries, the results of which are satisfactory to Agent in its Credit Judgment.

Eligible Assignee: a Person that is (i) a Lender or a U.S.-based Affiliate of a Lender, (ii) if such Person is to hold
U.S. Facility Obligations, an Approved Fund; (iii) if such Person is to hold Canadian Facility Obligations, such person is at all times, other than during any Event of Default, a Canadian Qualified Lender and an Affiliate or branch of a U.S.
Lender, (iv) if such Person is to hold U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations, such person is at all times, other than during any Event of Default, a U.K. Qualified Lender and an Affiliate or branch of a U.S. Lender,; (v) if such Person is to hold German Facility Obligations, such person is at all times, other than during any Event of
Default, a U.S. Lender or an Affiliate or branch of a U.S. Lender,[reserved]; (vi) any other financial institution approved by Agent and Borrower Agent (which approval by Borrower Agent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), that is organized under the laws of the United
States or Canada or any state, province or district thereof, has total assets in excess of $5 billion, extends asset-based lending facilities in its Ordinary Course of Business and whose becoming an assignee would not constitute a prohibited
transaction under Section 4975 of the Code or any other Requirements of Law; and (vii) during any Event of Default, any Person acceptable to Agent in its discretion. 

31 

Eligible Costco Inventory: Inventory consisting of finished goods owned by a
U.S. Borrower and consigned to Costco that would otherwise be Eligible Inventory if it were not consigned to a Person in violation of clause (h)(i) of the definition of Eligible Inventory and either (a) Costco has delivered to Agent
a Lien Waiver with respect to such Inventory, or (b) Costco is rated BBB- (or better) by S&P and Baa3 (or better) by Moodys as of the applicable date of determination. 

Eligible Credit Card Receivables: a Credit Card Receivable of a U.S. Domiciled Obligor or a U.K. Borrower that arises in the Ordinary
Course of Business, is payable in Dollars (or, in the case of a Credit Card Receivable of a U.K. Borrower, in Dollars, Euros, or British Pounds), and is deemed by Agent, in its Credit Judgment, to satisfy the criteria set forth below. No Credit Card
Receivable shall be an Eligible Credit Card Receivable if: (a) it does not constitute a payment intangible (as defined in the UCC); (b) it has been outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days from the date of sale;
(c) (i) it is not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of Agent (in the case of Credit Card Receivables owing to a U.K. Borrower, expressed as a fixed charge), or (ii) with respect to which an U.S.
Domiciled Obligor or a U.K. Borrower does not have good and valid title thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than: (x) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Liens granted to Term Loan Collateral Agent pursuant to the Term
Loan Documents, and (y) Liens subordinate to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof); (d) it is disputed, is with recourse, or with
respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been asserted (to the extent of such claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback); (e) the applicable Credit Card Issuer or a Credit Card Processor has the right under certain
circumstances to require an Obligor to repurchase the Credit Card Receivables from such Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any right of chargeback in the ordinary course); (f) it is due from a
Credit Card Issuer or a Credit Card Processor of the applicable credit card which (i) is the subject of any Insolvency Proceeding or has failed, has suspended or ceased doing business, is liquidating, dissolving or winding up its affairs, or is
not Solvent, or (ii) is a target of Sanctions or on any specially designated nationals list maintained by OFAC; (g) it is not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable Credit Card Issuer or a Credit Card Processor with
respect thereto; (h) it is due from a Credit Card Issuer or a Credit Card Processor of the applicable credit card which has not been sent a Credit Card Notification; (i) it does not conform in all material respects to all representations,
warranties or other provisions in the Loan Documents relating to Credit Card Receivables; or (i) with respect to Credit Card Receivables owing to a U.K. Borrower, the Credit Card Processor is organized outside of, or does not have an office in,
any legal jurisdiction of the United Kingdom. 

The criteria for Eligible Credit Card Receivables set forth above may only be changed and
any new criteria for Eligible Credit Card Receivables may only be established by Agent in its Credit Judgment, based on: (i) an event, condition or other circumstance arising after the date hereof, (ii) an event, condition or other
circumstance existing on the date hereof to the extent that the Agent has no knowledge thereof or its effect on the Credit Card Receivable, or (iii) facts, information, or circumstances provided to or learned by Agent in the course of its
administration of the facility, including, without limitation, in connection with field exams, audits, reports and other information received, and observance of Collateral and the Obligors business performance, in any case under clauses (i),
(ii) or (iii), which adversely affects or would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Credit Card Receivables as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Credit Card Receivables of Topgolf and its Subsidiaries shall be Eligible Credit
Card Receivables until such time as Agent has first completed a field exam after the Closing Date with respect to Topgolf and its Subsidiaries, the results of which are satisfactory to Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

32 

Eligible Inventory: Inventory owned by a Borrower that Agent, in its Credit Judgment,
deems to satisfy the criteria set forth below. No Inventory shall be Eligible Inventory unless it (a) is finished goods or raw materials, and not packaging or shipping materials, labels, samples, display items, bags, replacement parts or
manufacturing supplies; (b) is not held on consignment, nor subject to any deposit or down payment; (c) is in new and saleable condition and is not damaged, defective, shopworn or otherwise unfit for sale; (d) is not slow-moving (as
determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment from time to time), perishable, obsolete or unmerchantable, and does not constitute returned or repossessed goods; (e) meets all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority, has not been acquired
from a Person that is the target of any Sanction or on any specially designated nationals list maintained by OFAC, and does not constitute hazardous materials under any Environmental Law; (f) conforms with the covenants and representations
herein; (g) is subject to Agents duly perfected, first priority Lien which must, (i) in the case of any Inventory of a U.K./Dutch Borrower or a U.S. Borrower located in Germany, be a German law governed Lien pursuant to a security
transfer agreement
onin a
form substantially the same terms as the German Security Transfer Agreement consistent in all material respects with
any applicable
German law security transfer agreement executed and delivered pursuant
the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement or pursuant to
this Agreement prior to the Third Amendment Effective
Date, or in such other form as may be reasonably acceptable to Agent, and (ii) in the case of any Inventory of the German Borrower, the Dutch Borrower or U.S. Borrowers located in the United Kingdom, be an English law governed
Lien pursuant to a floating charge on substantially the same terms as the U.K. Security Agreements, and no other Lien (other than: (x) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Liens granted to Term Loan Collateral Agent pursuant to
the Term Loan Documents, and (y) Liens subordinate to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof); (h) (i) other than Eligible Costco
Inventory, is not consigned to any Person, and (ii) other than Eligible In-Transit Inventory, is within: (A) the United States, Germany or the United Kingdom, in the case of Inventory of a U.S. Borrower, (B) Canada, in the case of
Inventory of the Canadian Borrower, (C) Germany or the United Kingdom in the case of Inventory of the German Borrower[reserved], (D) the United Kingdom or Germany in the case of
Inventory of any U.K. Borrower, and (E) the Netherlands or the United Kingdom in the case of Inventory of the Dutch Borrower; (i) other than Eligible In-Transit Inventory, is not in transit unless it is, in the case of: (i) Inventory
of a U.S. Borrower, in transit between facilities in the United States of any U.S. Borrower, (ii) Inventory of the Canadian Borrower, in transit between facilities in Canada of the Canadian Borrower, (iii) Inventory of the German Borrower, in transit between facilities in Germany of the German Borrower,[reserved], (iv) Inventory of any U.K. Borrower, in transit between
facilities in England, Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland of any U.K. Borrower, and (v) Inventory of the Dutch Borrower, in transit between facilities in the Netherlands of the Dutch Borrower or in between facilities in the United Kingdom of
the Dutch Borrower; (j) is not subject to any warehouse receipt or negotiable Document; (k) is not subject to any License or other arrangement that restricts such Borrowers or Agents right to dispose of such Inventory, unless
Agent has received an appropriate Lien Waiver; (l) is not located on leased premises or in the possession of a warehouseman, processor, repairman, mechanic, shipper, freight forwarder or other Person, unless the lessor or such Person has
delivered a Lien Waiver or an appropriate U.S. Rent and Charges Reserve (in the case of the U.S. Borrowers), a Canadian Rent and Charges Reserve (in the case of the Canadian Borrower), a German Rent and Charges Reserve (in the case of the German Borrower), or a U.K./Dutch Rent and Charges Reserve
(in the case of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers) has been established; and (m) is reflected in the details of a current perpetual inventory report and (n) is not located at a retail
location of a German Borrower. 

The criteria for Eligible Inventory set
forth above may only be changed and any new criteria for Eligible Inventory may only be established by Agent in its Credit Judgment, based on: (i) an event, condition or other circumstance arising after the date hereof, (ii) an event,
condition or other circumstance existing on the date hereof to the extent that the Agent has no knowledge thereof or its effect on Inventory, or (iii) facts, information, or circumstances provided to or learned by Agent in the course of its
administration of the facility, including, without limitation, in connection with field exams, audits, reports and other information received, and observance of Collateral and the Obligors business performance, in any case under clauses (i),
(ii) or (iii), which adversely affects or would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Inventory as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

33 

Eligible In-Transit Inventory: Inventory consisting of finished goods owned by a
Borrower that would be Eligible Inventory if it were not subject to a Document and in transit from a foreign location to a location of a Borrower within the United States, Canada, England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Netherlands or Germany, and that Agent, in its Credit Judgment, deems to be Eligible In-Transit Inventory, and thus to be
Eligible Inventory. Without limiting the foregoing, no Inventory shall be Eligible In-Transit Inventory unless it (a) is finished goods, (b) has been delivered to a carrier in a foreign port or foreign airport for receipt by
a Borrower in the United States (in the case of the U.S. Borrowers) or the United Kingdom (in the case of the U.S. Borrower(s) party to the U.K. Inventory Charge) or Canada (in the case of the Canadian Borrower) or the Netherlands, England,
Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland (in the case of the U.K. Borrowers) or the Netherlands or the United Kingdom (in the case of the Dutch Borrower) or Germany
(in the case of the German Borrower) within sixty (60) days of the date of determination, but which has not yet been received by the applicable Borrower, (c) is subject to a
negotiable Document showing Agent (or, with the consent of Agent, the applicable Borrower) as consignee, which Document is in the possession of Agent or such other Person as Agent shall approve in its Credit Judgment; (d) is fully insured in a
manner satisfactory to Agent in its Credit Judgment; (e) has been identified to the applicable sales contract and title has passed to the applicable Borrower; (f) is not sold by a vendor that has a right to reclaim, divert shipment
of, repossess, stop delivery, claim any reservation of title or otherwise assert Lien rights against the Inventory, or with respect to whom any Borrower is in material default of any obligations; (g) is subject to purchase orders and other sale
documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Credit Judgment; (h) is shipped by a common carrier that is not affiliated with the vendor and is not the target of any Sanction or on any specially designated nationals list maintained by OFAC; and
(i) is being handled by a customs broker, freight-forwarder or other handler that has delivered a Lien Waiver. 

Eligible
Real Estate: Real Estate owned by a U.S. Borrower that is located at 2180 Rutherford Road, Carlsbad, CA 92008, and that Agent, in its Credit Judgment, deems to satisfy the criteria set forth in the subsequent sentence. Such Real Estate shall not
be Eligible Real Estate unless: (a) a first priority Mortgage, in substantially the form executed prior to the Closing Date, has been executed, delivered and recorded with respect to such Real Estate, (b) Agent shall have received the
Related Real Estate Documents with respect to such Real Estate, and (c) to the extent any alterations, improvements or new construction, structural or otherwise, (herein called collectively alterations), of or on such Real Estate
are made after the Closing Date, such alterations are made subject to the following conditions: (i) all work done in connection with any alterations shall be done with reasonable promptness and in a reasonable and workmanlike manner;
(ii) the cost of all alterations shall be paid when due so as to keep such Real Estate free of all mechanics, materialmens and similar liens except inchoate liens and liens that are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which the Parent has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP; (iii) no alterations of any kind shall be made to such Real Estate that shall reduce the value of such Real Estate in any material
respect; and (iv) no alteration involving an estimated cost of materials and construction labor as reasonably estimated by Parent in excess of $10,000,000 shall be undertaken without the prior written consent of Agent (which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

Eligible Toptracer Bays: Toptracer Bays leased or licensed by a U.S. Borrower or a U.K.
Borrower that Agent, in its Credit Judgment, deems to satisfy the criteria set forth below. No Toptracer Bay shall be an Eligible Toptracer Bay if (a) it is not the subject of a valid and enforceable lease or license agreement with an Account
Debtor; (b) a U.S. Borrower or a U.K. Borrower does not have good, valid and enforceable title to the lease or license governing such Toptracer Bay and all goods necessary for the operation of such

34 

Toptracer Bay, pursuant to all applicable laws; (c) it is not in good working order and condition, fully operational and suitable for rent, lease or license; (d) it does not meet all
standards imposed by any Governmental Authority, or the goods necessary for the operation of such Toptracer Bay have been acquired from a Person that is the target of any Sanction or on any specially designated nationals list maintained by OFAC;
(e) it does not conform with the covenants and representations herein; (f) the lease or license governing such Toptracer Bay and the goods used in the operation of such Toptracer Bay are not subject to Agents duly perfected, first
priority Lien or are subject to any other Lien (other than: (x) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Liens granted to Term Loan Collateral Agent pursuant to the Term Loan Documents, and (y) Liens subordinate to the Liens of
Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with this Agreement); (g) it is not within: (A) the United States, in the case of Toptracer Bays leased or licensed by a U.S.
Borrower, and (B) the United Kingdom in the case of Toptracer Bays leased or licensed by a U.K. Borrower; (h) a U.S. Domiciled Obligor or a U.K. Borrower does not own or otherwise have (by lease, license, sharing agreement or otherwise)
all necessary rights to use (which rights are not subject to termination by the applicable licensor(s) at any time prior to Full Payment of the Obligations) all Intellectual Property intrinsic to and/or necessary for the operation of such Toptracer
Bay; (i) there is a payment default or other material default under the applicable lease or license for such Toptracer Bay; (j) an Insolvency Proceeding has been commenced by or against the Account Debtor; or the applicable Account Debtor
has failed, has suspended or ceased doing business, is liquidating, dissolving or winding up its affairs, or is not Solvent, or is the target of any Sanction or on any specially designated nationals list maintained by OFAC; (k) the applicable
U.S. Borrower or U.K. Borrower is not able to bring suit or enforce remedies against the Account Debtor through judicial process; or (l) the applicable Account Debtor has a material right of offset, dispute, recoupment, or other claim with
respect to amounts owing under the applicable lease or license. 

The criteria for Eligible Toptracer Bays set forth above may only be
changed and any new criteria for Eligible Toptracer Bays may only be established by Agent in its Credit Judgment, based on: (i) an event, condition or other circumstance arising after the date hereof, (ii) an event, condition or other
circumstance existing on the date hereof to the extent that the Agent has no knowledge thereof or its effect on Toptracer Bays, or (iii) facts, information, or circumstances provided to or learned by Agent in the course of its administration of
the facility, including, without limitation, in connection with field exams, appraisals, audits, reports and other information received, and observance of Collateral and the Obligors business performance, in any case under clauses (i),
(ii) or (iii), which adversely affects or would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Toptracer Bays as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

EMU Legislation: the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or
unified European currency. 

Enforcement Action: any action to enforce any Obligations (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations)
or Loan Documents or to exercise any rights or remedies relating to any Collateral (whether by judicial action, self-help, notification of Account Debtors, exercise of setoff or recoupment, exercise of any right to vote or act in an Obligors
Insolvency Proceeding, or otherwise). 

Environmental Claim: any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit,
proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental
Law; (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity; or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to health, safety, natural resources or the
environment. 

35 

Environmental Laws: any and all current or future applicable foreign or domestic,
federal or state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities and the common law relating to
(a) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity; or (b) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of or exposure to Hazardous Materials, in any manner applicable to the Parent or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Facility, including RCRA, CWA, the Environmental Protection Act (Ontario) and similar Requirements of Law of foreign jurisdictions. 

Environmental Liability: any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental
remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation,
storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other
consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Equipment Sale and
Lease-back Transaction: any equipment financing arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of business with any Person that requires the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to purchase the equipment subject to such financing
arrangement, sell such equipment to the relevant financing provider and thereafter rent or lease such equipment from the relevant financing provider so long as the resulting lease obligation is permitted by this Agreement. 

ERISA: the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate: as applied to any Person, (a) any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within
the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which that Person is a member; (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of
Section 414(c) of the Code of which that Person is a member; and (c) any entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA with that Person. 

ERISA Event: (a) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued
thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the 30-day notice period has been waived); (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan, or the
filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan; (c) the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries engaging in a non-exempt prohibited transaction within
the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan; (d) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate
such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by the Parent, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing
sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (f) the institution by
the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan; (g) the imposition of liability on the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by
reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (h) a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 or 4205 of ERISA, respectively) of the Parent, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective
ERISA Affiliates from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability to the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or an ERISA Affiliate therefor under Title IV of ERISA, or the receipt by the Parent or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in 

36 

insolvency pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA; or (i) the incurrence of liability by the
Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, or the imposition of a Lien on the assets of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to
Section 436 or 430(k) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. 

Escrowed Indebtedness: Indebtedness
issued in escrow pursuant to customary escrow arrangements pending the release thereof. 

ESG: as defined in Section 4.7.1.

ESG Amendment: as defined in Section 4.7.1. 

ESG Pricing Provisions: as defined in Section 4.7.1. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule: the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association, as in effect from time
to time. 

EU Regulation: as defined in Section 9.1.25. 

EURIBOR Loan: a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the EURIBOR Rate. 

EURIBOR Rate: for any Interest Period, with respect to any extension of credit under this Agreement denominated in Euros, the rate per
annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by Agent from time to time)
on the date that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, provided that if EURIBOR is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Euro or : the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with EMU Legislation. 

Event of Default: as defined in Section 11. 

Excess Amount: as defined in Section 5.13. 

Exchange Act: the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Exchange Rate: on any date of determination, with respect to Canadian Dollars, British Pounds, Euros, Swiss Francs or another foreign currency in relation to Dollars, the Spot Rate for Canadian Dollars, British
Pounds, Euros, Swiss Francs or such other foreign currency, as applicable. 

Excluded Intellectual Property: any Intellectual Property: (i) owned by travisMathew or Travis Mathew Retail as of the Third
Amended Original Closing Date; (ii) hereafter developed by travisMathew or Travis Mathew Retail (and unrelated to any Intellectual Property of the Obligors (other than travisMathew or Travis Mathew Retail) as of the Third Amended Original
Closing Date); or (iii) related to the brands of travisMathew or Travis Mathew Retail as of the Third Amended Original Closing Date. 

37 

Excluded Property: 

(a) any Core Property; 

(b) any Real Estate other than the Real Estate located at 2180 Rutherford Road, Carlsbad, CA 92008; 

(c) (i) the Capital Stock of: 

(A) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, 

(B) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, 

(C) any not-for-profit subsidiary, 

(D) any special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization facility, 

(E) any Person that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, or 

(F) any Capital Stock of a Foreign Subsidiary or CFC Holdco to the extent and for so long as the pledge thereof to Agent would
constitute an investment of earnings in United States property under Section 956 (or a successor provision) of the Code, which investment would or could reasonably be expected to trigger an increase (that is not de minimis) in the net income of
a United States shareholder of such Foreign Subsidiary or CFC Holdco pursuant to Section 951 (or a successor provision) of the Code, as reasonably determined by Parent; provided that, this clause (c)(F) shall not apply to (x) voting stock
of any Subsidiary which is a first-tier controlled foreign corporation (as defined in Section 957(a) of the Code) or CFC Holdco, in each case, representing 65% of the total voting power of all outstanding voting stock of such Subsidiary and
(y) 100% of the Capital Stock not constituting voting stock of any such Subsidiary, except that any such Capital Stock constituting stock entitled to vote within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.956-2(c)(2) shall be
treated as voting stock for purposes of this clause (c)(F), and/or 

(ii) the Margin Stock of any Person 

(d) any asset the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would result in adverse tax consequences (that are not de
minimis) to any Obligor as determined by the Parent in good faith and specified in a written notice to Agent; 

(e) any
asset (including any Capital Stock), the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would: 

(i) be prohibited under applicable
Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, rules and regulations of any Governmental Authority) or 

(ii) require any governmental
or regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization, except to the extent such requirement or prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC, the PPSA or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding such requirement or
prohibition; 

38 

it being understood that the term Excluded Property shall not
include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in clauses (e)(i) or (e)(ii) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC, the PPSA or other applicable
Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition; 

(f) any intent-to-use (or similar) Trademark
application prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use, Amendment to Allege Use or similar filing with respect thereto, only to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period if any, in which, the grant
of a security interest therein may impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use Trademark application under applicable federal law; 

(g) Commercial Tort Claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by Parent) of less than $10,000,000 except, with respect to
Canadian Domiciled Obligors, to the extent that a security interest therein can be perfected by filing a PPSA financing statement; 

(h) assets subject to any purchase money security interest, Capital Lease obligation or similar arrangement, in each case, that
is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and to the extent the grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money or similar arrangement or create a
right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Parent or any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Parent that is a Restricted Subsidiary) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC, PPSA or any
other applicable Requirement of Law; it being understood that the term Excluded Property shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this clause (h) to the extent that the assignment of such
proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC, PPSA or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant violation or invalidation, 

(i) escrow, fiduciary, defeasance, impound and trust accounts for the benefit of third parties that are not Obligors, 

(j) any asset (including any contract, agreement, lease or license and any other property subject thereto) the grant or
perfection of a security interest in which would: 

(i) be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions set forth in
any contract that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and, other than with respect to assets subject to Capital Leases and purchase money financings and restrictions on cash deposits permitted under the terms of
this Agreement, is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof, 

(ii)
violate (after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC, PPSA, or other applicable Requirements of Law) the terms of any contract with respect to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this
Agreement and, other than with respect to assets subject to Capital Leases and purchase money financings and restrictions on cash deposits permitted under the terms of this Agreement, is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not
incurred in contemplation thereof, or 

(iii) trigger termination of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted
or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to any change of control or similar provision (to the extent, other than with respect to assets subject to Capital Leases and purchase money financings and restrictions
on cash deposits permitted under the terms of this Agreement, such contract is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof); 

39 

it being understood that the term Excluded Property shall not
include proceeds or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause (j) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC, PPSA, or other applicable Requirements
of Law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right; 

(k) motor vehicles and other assets
subject to certificates of title except to the extent that a security interest therein can be perfected by filing a PPSA financing statement without listing serial numbers or vehicle identification numbers, as applicable, therein; and 

(l) any asset with respect to which Agent and the Parent have reasonably determined in writing that the cost, burden,
difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the Parent and its subsidiaries to conduct their operations and business in the ordinary course of business and including the cost of title insurance, surveys or flood insurance (if
necessary)) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of a security interest to the relevant Secured Parties afforded thereby. 

Excluded Subsidiary: 

(a)
any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, 

(b) any Immaterial Subsidiary, 

(c) any Restricted Subsidiary (i) that is prohibited by law, regulation or contractual obligation that, in the case of a contractual
obligation, exists on the Closing Date or at the time such subsidiary becomes a subsidiary and was not incurred in contemplation of its acquisition in order to avoid the requirement of providing a Loan Guaranty, from providing a Loan Guaranty,
(ii) that would require a governmental (including regulatory) or third party (that in the case of a non-governmental third party exists on the Closing Date or at the time such subsidiary becomes a subsidiary and was not incurred in
contemplation of its acquisition in order to avoid the requirement of providing a Loan Guaranty) consent, approval, license or authorization (including any regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization) to provide a Loan Guaranty or
(iii) with respect to which the provision of a Loan Guaranty would result in adverse tax consequences (that are not deminis) as determined by the Borrower Agent in good faith, where the Borrower Agent notifies the Agent in writing of such
determination, 

(d) any not-for-profit subsidiary, 

(e) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, 

(f) any special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization or receivables facility or financing, 

(g) any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Canadian Subsidiary, a
German Subsidiary or a U.K. Subsidiary or a Dutch Subsidiary, 

(h) (i) any CFC Holdco solely with respect to a Guarantee of U.S. Facility Obligations and/or (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a
direct or indirect subsidiary of any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Canadian Subsidiary, a German Subsidiary, a U.K. Subsidiary or a Dutch Subsidiary, 

40 

(i) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, 

(j) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Parent that, at the time of the relevant acquisition, is an obligor in respect of assumed
Indebtedness permitted by Section 10.2.1 to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such subsidiary from providing a Loan Guaranty (which prohibition was not implemented in
contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a subsidiary in order to avoid the requirement of providing a Loan Guaranty), and/or 

(k) any other Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent and the Parent, the burden or cost of
providing a Loan Guaranty outweighs the benefits afforded thereby; 

provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) to the extent
(i) any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary provides a Contingent Obligation in respect of the Term Loan Facility Agreement or (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary is designated as an Obligor
pursuant to Section 10.1.12(d)(vi), such Restricted Subsidiary shall not constitute an Excluded Subsidiary and (B) no Borrower shall constitute an Excluded Subsidiary. 

Excluded Swap Obligation: with respect to an Obligor, each Swap Obligation as to which, and only to the extent that, such
Obligors guaranty of or grant of a Lien as security for such Swap Obligation is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act because the Obligor does not constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Act
(determined after giving effect to any keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Obligor and all guarantees of Swap Obligations by other Obligors) when such guaranty or grant of Lien becomes effective with respect to the Swap
Obligation. If a Hedging Agreement governs more than one Swap Obligation, only the Swap Obligation(s) or portions thereof described in the foregoing sentence shall be Excluded Swap Obligation(s) for the applicable Obligor. 

Excluded Tax: with respect to Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of a payment to be made by or on account of
any Obligation, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of
which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located; (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States or any similar tax imposed
by any other jurisdiction in which Borrower Agent is located; (c) any backup withholding tax required by the Code to be withheld from amounts payable to a Lender that has failed to comply with Section 5.10; (d) in the case of a
Foreign Lender, any United States withholding tax that is (i) required pursuant to laws in force at the time such Lender becomes a Lender (or designates a new Lending Office) hereunder, or (ii) attributable to such Lenders failure or
inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 5.10, except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment),
to receive additional amounts from Borrowers with respect to such withholding tax; and (e) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Existing Joint Venture: any joint venture listed on Schedule 1.01(d). 

Existing Letters of Credit: those letter(s) of credit described on Schedule E-1. 

Existing Master Facility Lease: the Master Facility Lease between 30 West Pershing, LLC, as landlord, Top Golf USA Allen, LLC, Topgolf
USA Park Lane Ranch, LLC and each entity that subsequently becomes a tenant, dated as of February 22, 2012. 

41 

Existing U.K. Borrower: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Expeditors: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation. 

Extraordinary Expenses: all reasonable and documented costs, expenses or advances that Agent or any Lender may incur during a Default
or Event of Default, or during the pendency of an Insolvency Proceeding of an Obligor, including those relating to (a) any audit, inspection, repossession, storage, repair, appraisal, insurance, manufacture, preparation or advertising for sale,
sale, collection, or other preservation of or realization upon any Collateral; (b) any action, arbitration or other proceeding (whether instituted by or against Agent, any Lender, any Obligor, any representative of creditors of an Obligor or
any other Person) in any way relating to any Collateral (including the validity, perfection, priority or avoidability of Agents Liens with respect to any Collateral), Loan Documents, Letters of Credit or Obligations, including any lender
liability or other Claims; (c) the exercise, protection or enforcement of any rights or remedies of Agent or any Lender in, or the monitoring of, any Insolvency Proceeding; (d) settlement or satisfaction of any taxes, charges or Liens with
respect to any Collateral; (e) any Enforcement Action; (f) negotiation and documentation of any modification, waiver, workout, restructuring or forbearance with respect to any Loan Documents or Obligations; and (g) Protective
Advances. Such reasonable and documented costs, expenses and advances include transfer fees, Other Taxes, storage fees, insurance costs, permit fees, utility reservation and standby fees, legal fees, appraisal fees, brokers fees and
commissions, auctioneers fees and commissions, accountants fees, environmental study fees, wages and salaries paid to employees of any Obligor or independent contractors in liquidating any Collateral, and travel expenses. Notwithstanding
the forgoing, absent a conflict of interest among Lenders, Extraordinary Expenses shall not include (i) legal fees for more than one counsel to the Lenders and the Agent, taken as a whole (plus one local counsel in each jurisdiction deemed
reasonably necessary by the Agent for the Lenders and the Agents taken as a whole) or (ii) other costs, expenses or advances incurred by any Lender to the extent unreasonably duplicative of such costs, expenses or advances incurred by the
Agent. 

Facility: any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or,
except with respect to Sections 10.1 and 10.2, hereof owned, leased, operated or used by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective predecessors or Affiliates. 

Facility EBITDA: with respect to any Topgolf location, the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (without giving effect to clause (b)(vi) of the
definition thereof) attributable to such Topgolf location. 

Facility Termination Date: March 16, 2028. 

FATCA: Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is
substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future Treasury Regulations or other official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code as of the
date hereof (or any amended or successor version described above) and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing
such Sections of the Code. 

Federal Funds Rate: for any day, the per annum rate calculated by FRBNY based on such days
federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as FRBNY shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next Business Day by FRBNY as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that
in no event shall the Federal Funds Rate be less than zero. 

Fee Letters: each fee letter agreement between Agent and Borrowers (or
any of them). 

42 

Financial Administration Act: the Financial Administration Act (Canada) and all
regulations and schedules thereunder. 

Fiscal Quarter: a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 

Fiscal Year: the fiscal year of the Parent ending on or about December 31 of each calendar year. 

Fixed Amount: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.5.4. 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio: the ratio, determined on a consolidated basis for Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most
recent twelve calendar months, of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA minus Capital Expenditures (except: (x) expenditures during such period that, pursuant to a written agreement, are reimbursable by a third Person (excluding any
Obligor or any of its Affiliates), and (y) those financed with Borrowed Money other than Revolver Loans) and cash taxes paid (which amount may not be less than zero), to (b) Fixed Charges. 

Fixed Charges: the sum of cash interest expense, and scheduled principal payments made on Borrowed Money (in each case of the
foregoing, excluding (x) Indebtedness that has been Discharged and/or Escrowed Indebtedness, and (y) as long as such amounts constitute an expense included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, Topgolf Location Indebtedness,
deemed landlord financing and Specified Capital Lease Obligations), and Restricted Payments made. 

Flood Hazard Property: any
parcel of any property subject to a Mortgage located in the U.S. in an area designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as having special flood or mud slide hazards. 

Flood Insurance Laws: collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the
National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. 

FLSA: the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. 

Foreign Base Rate: for any day, the reference rate for
German Base Rate Loans or U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans, being a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to
the rate of interest in effect for such day as announced from time to time by the local branch of Bank of America in the jurisdiction in which such currency is funded as its base rate with respect to such currency; provided, that
in no event shall the Foreign Base Rate be less than zero. Any change in such rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day of such change. 

Foreign Lender: any Lender that is (a) in the case of the U.S. Borrowers, organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than
the laws of the United States, or any state or district thereof, (b) in the case of the Canadian Borrower, not a Canadian Qualified Lender, and (c) in the case of the U.K. Borrowers, not a U.K. Qualified Lender. 

Foreign Plan: any employee benefit plan or arrangement (a) maintained or contributed to by any Obligor or Subsidiary that is not
subject to the laws of the United States or Canada; or (b) mandated by a government other than the United States or Canada for employees of any Obligor or Subsidiary. 

Foreign Subsidiary: any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

43 

FRB: the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 

FRBNY: the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

Fronting Exposure: a Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata share of U.S. LC Obligations, Canadian LC Obligations, German LC Obligations, U.K./Dutch LC Obligations, U.S. Swingline Loans, Canadian Swingline Loans, German Swingline Loans, or U.K./Dutch Swingline Loans, as applicable, except to the extent allocated to other
Lenders under Section 4.2. 

Full Payment: with respect to any Obligations, (a) the full and indefeasible
cash payment thereof in the applicable currency required hereunder, including any interest, fees and other charges accruing during an Insolvency Proceeding (whether or not allowed in the proceeding); (b) if such Obligations are LC Obligations
or inchoate or contingent in nature, Cash Collateralization thereof (or delivery of a standby letter of credit) in each case acceptable to Agent and (in the case of LC Obligations) the applicable Issuing Bank in their discretion, in the amount of
required Cash Collateral; and (c) a release of any Claims of Obligors against Agent, Lenders and Issuing Banks arising on or before the payment date. No Loans shall be deemed to have been paid in full until all Commitments related to such Loans
have expired or been terminated. 

GAAP: generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the United States or the Netherlands
(if applicable) from time to time and applicable to the accounting period in respect of which reference to GAAP is made. 

General
Intangibles: as defined in the UCC (and/or with respect to any General Intangible of a Canadian Subsidiary, an intangible as defined in the PPSA). 

General Restricted Debt Payment Basket: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.2.4(b)(iv). 

General RP Basket: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.2.4(a)(x). 

German Account Pledge Agreement:
each German law account pledge agreement executed and delivered by a relevant German Facility Obligor in favor of the Agent, in a form substantially
consistent in all material respects with the
German law account pledge agreements executed and delivered by the applicable Borrowers under the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or in such other form as may be reasonably acceptable to Agent.

German Accounts Formula Amount:
(a) as of any date of determination within the
period beginning on May 1 through and including October 31 of each Fiscal Year, 85% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the German Borrower; and (b) as of any date of determination within the period beginning on November 1
through and including April 30 of each Fiscal Year, 90% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the German Borrower (or 85% of the Value solely with respect to Eligible Accounts of the German Borrower arising from the Topgolf
Business).

German Availability: as of any date of determination, the German Borrowing Base as of such date of determination minus the
aggregate principal amount of all German Revolver Loans outstanding on such date of determination.

44 

German Availability Reserve: the sum
(without duplication) of (a) the Inventory Reserve with respect to the German Borrowers Inventory; (b) the German Rent and Charges Reserve; (c) the German LC Reserve; (d) the German Bank Product Reserve; (e) all
accrued Royalties of the German Domiciled Obligors, whether or not then due and payable by a German Domiciled Obligor; (f) the aggregate amount of
liabilities secured by Liens upon German Facility Collateral assets that are included in the German Borrowing Base that are senior to the Agents Liens (but imposition of any such reserve shall not waive an Event of Default arising therefrom);
(g) the German Dilution Reserve; (h) a reserve for fees payable to an insolvency administrator pursuant to the Requirements of Law in Germany; (i) a reserve on account of any form of retention of title arrangements; (j) the
amount of any applicable sales tax including any applicable VAT; and (k) such additional reserves, in such amounts and with respect to such matters, as Agent in its Credit Judgment may elect to impose from time to time with respect to the
German Borrowing Base. 

German Bank Product Reserve: the aggregate amount of reserves established by Agent from time to time in its discretion in respect of Secured Bank
Product Obligations owing by the German Domiciled Obligors and their Subsidiaries.

German Base Rate Loan: a German
Revolver Loan, or portion thereof, funded in Dollars and bearing interest calculated by reference to the Foreign Base Rate. 

German Borrower: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

German Borrowing Base: on any date
of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the result of: (i) the Maximum German Facility Amount, minus (ii) the German LC Reserve; or (b) the result of: (i) the German Accounts Formula
Amount, plus (ii) the German Inventory Formula Amount, plus (iii) 100% of the amount of German Pledged Cash, minus (iv) the German Availability
Reserve.

German Borrowing Base Certificate: a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, by which the German Borrower certifies
calculation of the German Borrowing Base.

German Cash Collateral Account: a demand deposit, money market or other account established by Agent at Bank of America, N.A. or such other financial
institution as Agent may select in its Credit Judgment, which account shall be for the benefit of the German Facility Secured Parties and shall be subject to Agents Liens securing the German Facility Obligations.

German Dilution Reserve: as of any
date of determination, an amount sufficient to reduce the advance rate against Eligible Accounts of the German Borrower by 1% for each whole percentage point (or portion thereof) by which the Dilution Percent is in excess of 5.0%.

German Domiciled Obligor: each
German Subsidiary which is at any time an Obligor, and German Domiciled Obligors means all such Persons, collectively.

German Dominion Account: a special
account established by the German Borrower at Bank of America, N.A. or another bank acceptable to Agent in its Credit Judgment, over which Agent has exclusive control for withdrawal purposes during any Dominion Trigger Period.

German Expeditors Reserve: as of any
date of determination, the aggregate amount of accounts payable owed by any German Facility Obligor to Expeditors, as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment.

German Facility Collateral: all
Collateral that now or hereafter secures (or is intended to secure) any of the German Facility Obligations, including Property of each German Domiciled Obligor, each U.S. Domiciled Obligor, each U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor and each Canadian
Domiciled Obligor. 

45 

German Facility Guarantee: each
guarantee agreement (including this Agreement) at any time executed by a German Facility Guarantor in favor of Agent guaranteeing all or any portion of the German Facility Obligations.

German Facility
Guarantor: Parent, each U.K. Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each Canadian Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each
Dutch Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each
U.S. Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each German Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, and each other Person (if any) who guarantees payment and performance of any German Facility Obligations. 

German Facility Obligations: all
Obligations of the German Facility Obligors (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations of the U.S. Domiciled Obligors as borrowers or guarantors of any U.S. Facility Obligations).

German Facility Obligor: each of the
German Borrower or any German Facility Guarantor, and German Facility Obligors means all of such Persons, collectively.

German Facility Reallocation: shall
have the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment.

German Facility Secured Parties: the
Agent, the German Issuing Bank, the German Lenders and the Secured Bank Product Providers who provide Bank Products to the German Facility Obligors and their Subsidiaries.

German Facility Termination: shall
have the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 

German Global Assignment: each German global assignment executed and delivered by a relevant German Facility Obligor in favor of the Agent, in a form
substantially consistent in all material respects with the German law global assignments executed and delivered by the applicable Borrowers under the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or in such other form as may be reasonably
acceptable to Agent.

German Guarantor: as defined in Section 5.11.7.

German Inventory Formula Amount: as
of any date of determination, the lesser of (a) 75% of the Value of such German Borrowers Eligible Inventory; or (b) 85% of the NOLV Percentage of the Value of the German Borrowers Eligible Inventory. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the aggregate amount of the German Inventory Formula Amount which may be attributed to Eligible In-Transit Inventory (the German In-Transit Availability) shall not exceed $5,000,000;
provided that, the German In-Transit Availability (after taking into effect the previous proviso) shall be reduced by the German Expeditors Reserve if, as of any date of determination, either (I) German Net Excess
Availability is less than 10% of the Maximum German Facility Amount, or (II) there are any accounts payable owed by any German Facility Obligor to Expeditors which are aged in excess of historical levels (except in cases of good faith
disputes).

German Issuing Bank: Bank of America or an Affiliate of Bank of America.

German LC Obligations: the sum
(without duplication) of (a) all amounts owing by the German Borrower for any drawings under Letters of Credit; (b) the stated amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for the account of the German Borrower, which if such Letter
of Credit is denominated in a currency other than Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs or Euros, may be stated by Agent (at its option) in Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs or Euros calculated at the Spot Rate; and (c) all fees and other
amounts owing with respect to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the German Borrower.

46 

German LC Reserve: the aggregate of
all German LC Obligations, other than those that have been Cash Collateralized.

German Lenders: each Lender that has
issued a German Revolver Commitment (provided that such Person or an Affiliate of such Person also has a U.S. Revolver Commitment). 

German Letter of Credit Subline:
$2,000,000.

German Letters of Credit: any standby or documentary letter of credit issued by the German Issuing Bank for the account of the German Borrower, or
any indemnity, guarantee, exposure transmittal memorandum or similar form of credit support issued by Agent or the German Issuing Bank for the benefit of the German Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

German Management Confirmation: as
defined in Section 5.11.7.

German Net Excess Availability: as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the German Availability minus the aggregate amount, if any, of
all trade payables of German Domiciled Obligors that are more than 60 days past due (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion) and all book overdrafts of German Domiciled Obligors in excess of historical practices with respect
thereto, in each case as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment.

German Overadvance: as defined in Section 2.1.5.

German Overadvance Loan: a German
Revolver Loan made to the German Borrower when a German Overadvance exists or is caused by the funding thereof.

German Overadvance Loan Balance: on
any date, the amount by which the aggregate German Revolver Exposure exceeds the amount of the German Borrowing Base on such date.

German Pledged Cash: the funds
maintained in a blocked Deposit Account or securities account of the German Borrower subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or securities account control agreement, as applicable, which give Agent at all times exclusive access and control
for withdrawal purposes to the exclusion of the German Borrower and precluding the German Borrower from withdrawing or otherwise giving any instructions in connection therewith and which may not be withdrawn without the Agents prior written
consent (such consent not to be withheld if (i) upon and after giving effect to such withdrawal, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) immediately after such withdrawal (for clarification, including
after giving effect to any recalculation of the German Borrowing Base upon giving effect to such withdrawal), German Availability would be a positive number), and which are subject to effective security documents, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Agent, that provide Agent with a perfected first priority/ranking security interest in and Lien on such funds (subject to Liens of the depository bank having priority by law).

German Reimbursed Foreign
Currency: as defined in Section 2.5.2.

German Reimbursement Date: as defined in Section 2.5.2.

German Relevant Party: any Obligor
that qualifies as a resident party domiciled in Germany (Inlnder) within the meaning of section 2 paragraph 15 German Foreign Trade Act (Auenwirtschaftgesetz) (including any of its directors, managers, officers, agents and
employees).

47 

German Rent and Charges Reserve: the
aggregate of (a) all past due rent and other amounts owing by an Obligor to any landlord, warehouseman, processor, repairman, mechanic, shipper, freight forwarder, broker or other Person who possesses any German Facility Collateral asset
included in the German Borrowing Base or which constitute books and records related to any German Facility Collateral assets included in the German Borrowing Base, or could assert a Lien on any German Facility Collateral asset included in the German
Borrowing Base or which constitute books and records related to any German Facility Collateral assets included in the German Borrowing Base; and (b) a reserve at least equal to three months rent and other charges that are reasonably
expected to be payable to any such Person, unless it has executed a Lien Waiver. 

German Required Lenders: German
Lenders (subject to Section 4.2) having (a) German Revolver Commitments in excess of 50% of the aggregate German Revolver Commitments; and (b) if the German Revolver Commitments have terminated, German Revolver Loans and German
LC Obligations in excess of 50% of all outstanding German Revolver Loans and German LC Obligations; provided, however, that the German Revolver Commitments and German Revolver Loans of any Defaulting
Lender shall be excluded from such calculation; provided, further, that at any time there are: (i) 2 or more German Lenders, German Required Lenders must include at least 2 German
Lenders, and (ii) less than 2 German Lenders, German Required Lenders must include all German Lenders.

German Revolver Commitment: for any
German Lender, its obligation to make German Revolver Loans and to participate in German LC Obligations, in the applicable Available Currencies, up to the maximum principal amount shown on Schedule 1.1, or as hereafter determined pursuant to
each Assignment and Acceptance to which it is a party, as such German Revolver Commitment may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.1.4 or 11.2. German Revolver
Commitments means the aggregate amount of such commitments of all German Lenders.

German Revolver Commitment Termination
Date: the earliest of (a) the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date (without regard to the reason therefor), (b) the date on which the Borrower Agent terminates or reduces to zero all of the German Revolver Commitments
pursuant to Section 2.1.4, and (c) the date on which the German Revolver Commitments are terminated pursuant to Section 11.2.

German Revolver Exposure: on any
date, an amount equal to the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of the German Revolver Loans outstanding on such date plus the German LC Obligations on such date.

German Revolver Loan: a
Revolver Loan made by German Lenders to the German
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.1(c), which Revolver Loan shall be either a German Base Rate Loan (which shall be denominated in Dollars only), a Term SOFR Loan (which shall be denominated in Dollars only), a SONIA Loan (which shall be
denominated in British Pounds only), a SARON Loan (which shall be denominated in Swiss Francs only) or a EURIBOR Loan (which shall be denominated in Euros only) and any German Swingline Loan, German Overadvance Loan or Protective Advance made to or
owed by the German Borrower.

German Revolver Notes: a promissory note executed by the German Borrower in favor of a German Lender in the form of Exhibit A-4, in the amount
of such German Lenders German Revolver Commitment.

German Security Documents: each German Account Pledge Agreement, each German Global Assignment, each German Security Transfer Agreement and all other
documents, instruments and agreements governed by the laws of
Germany or England and Wales now or hereafter securing any German Facility Obligations. 

48 

German Security Transfer Agreement:
each security transfer agreement executed and
delivered by a relevant German Facility Obligor in favor of the Agent, in a form substantially consistent in all material respects with the German law security transfer agreements executed and delivered by the applicable Borrowers under the Fourth
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or in such other form as may be reasonably acceptable to Agent.

German Subsidiary: a Subsidiary of
Parent incorporated or organized under the laws of Germany. 

German Swingline Loan: any Borrowing of German Base Rate Loans funded with Agents funds, until such Borrowing is settled among the German
Lenders or repaid by the German Borrower.

German Unused Line Fee Rate: a per annum rate equal to 0.25%.

Governmental Approvals: all authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses and exemptions of, registrations and filings with, and
required reports to, all Governmental Authorities. 

Governmental Authority: any federal, state, provincial, territorial, local,
municipal, foreign or other government, governmental department, agency, commission, board, bureau, court, tribunal, instrumentality, political subdivision, or other entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state or locality of the U.S., the U.S., Canada, a province or territory thereof, or any other foreign entity or government. 

Governmental Authorization: any permit, license, authorization, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from any
Governmental Authority. 

Guarantee: each guarantee agreement (including this Agreement, the Canadian Facility Guarantee, the German Facility Guarantee and the U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantee) executed by a Guarantor in favor of Agent
guaranteeing all or any portion of any Canadian Facility Obligation, U.S. Facility Obligation, German Facility Obligation or U.K./Dutch Facility Obligation. 

Guarantor Payment: as defined in
Section 5.11. 

Guarantors: Canadian Facility Guarantors, U.S. Facility Guarantors, U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantors, German Facility Guarantors, and each other Person who guarantees payment or performance of any Obligations.

Hazardous Materials: any chemical, material, substance or waste, or any constituent thereof, exposure to which is
prohibited, limited or regulated by any Environmental Law or any Governmental Authority or which poses a hazard to the indoor or outdoor environment. 

Hazardous Materials Activity: any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Material,
including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation,
disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Material, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Hedging Agreement: any swap agreement as defined in Section 101(53B)(A) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 

49 

Immediate Family Member: with respect to any individual, such individuals
child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive
relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individuals estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs or
legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 

Immaterial Subsidiary: as of any date, any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (a) that does not have assets in excess of 2.5% of the
Consolidated Total Assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) that does not contribute Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in excess of 2.5% of the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, as
of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided that, the Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as so determined) of all Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not exceed 5.0% of Consolidated Total Assets and
5.0% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case, of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided, further that, at all times prior to the first delivery of financial
statements pursuant to Section 10.1.1(a) or (b), this definition shall be applied based on the most recently delivered consolidated financial statements of the Parent delivered pursuant to the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan
Agreement. 

Incremental Equivalent Debt: has the meaning assigned to such term in the Term Loan Facility Agreement, as in effect on
the Closing Date (or, in the case of a refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facility Agreement, under and in accordance with comparable successor provisions of the documentation governing the replacement indebtedness so long as such
provisions do not permit a greater amount of Indebtedness to be incurred and such provisions are otherwise not disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect as compared to the predecessor provisions included in the Term Loan Facility
Agreement as in effect on the date hereof (as reasonably determined by Parent in good faith in consultation with Agent)). 

Incurrence-Based Amount: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.5.4. 

Indebtedness: as applied to any Person, without duplication: 

(a) all indebtedness for Borrowed Money; 

(b) that portion of obligations with respect to Capital Leases to the extent recorded as a liability on a balance sheet
(excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(c) all obligations of such Person
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(d) any obligation owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) any earn
out obligation or purchase price adjustment until such obligation becomes a liability on the statement of financial position or balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any such obligations incurred under
ERISA, (iii) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business (including on an inter-company basis) and (iv) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits), which purchase price is (A) due
more than six months from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof or (B) evidenced by a note or similar written instrument; 

50 

(e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on any asset owned or
held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured thereby have been assumed by such Person or is non-recourse to the credit of such Person; 

(f) the face amount of any letter of credit issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise
liable for reimbursement of drawings; 

(g) the Guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another; 

(h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Capital Stock; and 

(i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, including any Hedge Agreement, whether or not
entered into for hedging or speculative purposes; 

provided that (i) in no event shall obligations under any Derivatives Transaction
be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement, (ii) the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the
lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith, (iii) the pledge of Capital Stock of a joint venture or
Unrestricted Subsidiary securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons shall not be deemed Indebtedness and (iv) any obligation under facility development agreements among the Parent and/or one or more Restricted
Subsidiaries and a Person that is a real estate investment trust and/or any other third party financing provider relating to the development of one or more Topgolf locations and completion guarantees shall not be deemed Indebtedness.

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any third party (including any partnership in
which such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venture partner) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Requirements of Law or any agreement or instrument by
virtue of such Persons ownership interest in such Person, (A) except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor and (B) only to the extent the relevant Indebtedness is of the type
that would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt (as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement); provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be
calculated without giving effect to, (x) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder
as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this proviso shall not be
deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder) and (y) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of
Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this
Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement). 

Indemnified Taxes: Taxes other than Excluded Tax. 

Indemnitees: Agent Indemnitees, Lender Indemnitees, Issuing Bank Indemnitees and Bank of America Indemnitees. 

51 

Information Memorandum: the Lender Presentation dated March 6, 2023, relating to
the Parent and its subsidiaries and the Transactions. 

Insolvency Proceeding: any case or proceeding or proposal commenced by or
against a Person under any state, provincial, federal or foreign law for, or any agreement of such Person to, (a) the entry of an order for relief under any Debtor Relief Laws; (b) the appointment of a Creditor Representative or other
custodian for such Person or any part of its Property; or
(c) an assignment or trust mortgage for the benefit of creditors; or (d) in case of a German
Domiciled Obligor, any petition for insolvency proceedings in respect of its assets (Antrag auf Erffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens) is filed in relation to such German Domiciled Obligor. 

Intellectual Property: all intellectual and similar Property of a Person, including
inventions, designs, Patents, Copyrights (and all associated moral and neighboring rights), mask works, industrial design rights, Trademarks and service marks (together with all associated goodwill), trade names, trade dress, domain names, trade
secrets, confidential or proprietary information, customer lists, know-how, software and databases; all embodiments or fixations thereof and all related documentation, applications, registrations and franchises; all licenses or other rights to use
any of the foregoing; and all books and records relating to the foregoing. 

Intellectual Property Security Agreement: any
agreement, or a supplement thereto, confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on Intellectual Property owned by any Obligor to Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Documents, including
an Intellectual Property Security Agreement in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to Agent. 

Intercreditor Agreement: that
certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Agent and the Term Loan Collateral Agent, as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Interest Period: as defined in Section 3.1.4. 

Interest Period Loans: Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans. 

Inventory: as defined in the UCC (and/or with respect to any inventory located in Canada, as defined in the PPSA), including all goods
intended for sale, lease, display or demonstration; all work in process; and all raw materials, and other materials and supplies of any kind that are or could be used in connection with the manufacture, printing, packing, shipping, advertising,
sale, lease or furnishing of such goods, or otherwise used or consumed in the applicable Obligors business (but excluding Equipment). 

Inventory Reserve: reserves established by Agent in its Credit Judgment to reflect factors that may negatively impact the Value of
Inventory, including change in salability, obsolescence, seasonality, theft, shrinkage, imbalance, change in composition or mix, markdowns and vendor chargebacks. 

Investment: (a) any purchase or other acquisition by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of (i) any Capital
Stock of any other Person (other than any Obligor) and/or (ii) any bond, debenture, note or other evidence of Indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, of any other Person (other than any Obligor), (b) the
acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and/or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or a substantial portion of the business, property or fixed assets of
any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance (other than any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or
independent contractor of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary for moving, entertainment and travel 

52 

expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person. Subject to
Section 10.2.10, the amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment, plus the cost of any addition thereto that otherwise constitutes an Investment, without any adjustment for any increase or decrease in
value, or write-up, write-down or write-off with respect thereto, but giving effect to any repayment of principal and/or payment of interest in the case of any Investment in the form of a loan and any return of capital or return on Investment in the
case of any equity Investment (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the relevant initial Investment). 

IP Separation and Relicense Transaction: (a) any Disposition by any Obligor of any Material Intellectual Property to any Affiliate
(other than any bona fide operational joint venture established for legitimate business purposes), (b) any Investment by any Obligor in the form of a contribution of Material Intellectual Property to any Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than any
bona fide operational joint venture established for legitimate business purposes) and/or (c) any Restricted Payment in the form of a distribution of Material Intellectual Property, in each case, of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c),
which Material Intellectual Property is, following the consummation of such Disposition, Investment or Restricted Payment, as applicable, licensed by the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary from the recipient of such Material Intellectual
Property for use by the Parent and/or such Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business (other than pursuant to a bona fide transition service or similar arrangement or in the same manner as other customers, suppliers or
commercial partners of the relevant transferee generally). 

IRS: the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Issuing Bank Indemnitees: the Issuing Banks and their officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, branches, agents and attorneys. 

Issuing Banks: the U.S. Issuing Banks, the Canadian Issuing Bank, the German Issuing Bank, and the U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank. 

Japan ABL Facility: the Japan ABL Facility (as defined in the Borrowers filing on form 10-K for the annual period ended
December 31, 2022), as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Joinder Agreement: a Joinder
Agreement in form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the Borrower Agent, pursuant to which a Restricted Subsidiary shall become a U.S. Borrower, U.S. Facility Guarantor, Canadian Borrower, Canadian Facility Guarantor, U.K. Borrower,
Dutch Borrower, or U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor, German Borrower or German Facility Guarantor, as applicable. 

Junior Indebtedness: any Indebtedness of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness among the Parent
and/or its subsidiaries) that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. 

Junior Lien Indebtedness: any Indebtedness of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is secured by a security interest in
the Collateral (other than Indebtedness among the Parent and/or its subsidiaries) that is expressly junior or subordinated to the Lien securing the Obligations on the Closing Date with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the
Threshold Amount. 

JW Germany:
JACK WOLFSKIN AUSRSTUNG FR DRAUSSEN GMBH & CO. KGAA, a partnership limited by shares
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.

53 

JW Sale: the Disposition by Parent, directly or indirectly, of 100% of the Capital
Stock of Callaway Germany Holdco GmbH, a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany, pursuant to the JW Sale Agreement. 

JW Sale Agreement: the Sale & Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the Third Amendment Signing Date (together with all
schedules, exhibits, and annexes thereto, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Anca Holdco GmbH & Co. KG, as the purchaser, and Parent, as the seller. 

KPIs: as defined in Section 4.7.1. 

Large Venue New Location: a New Location that has greater than or equal to 102 driving range bays. 

Latest Maturity Date: as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or commitment
hereunder at such time. 

LC Application: an application by a Borrower or Borrower Agent on behalf of a Borrower to an Issuing Bank
for issuance of a Letter of Credit, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank. 

LC Conditions: the
following conditions necessary for issuance of a Letter of Credit: (a) each of the conditions set forth in Section 6; (b) after giving effect to such issuance, total U.S. LC Obligations do not exceed the U.S. Letter of Credit
Subline, no U.S. Overadvance exists or would result therefrom and, if no U.S. Revolver Loans are outstanding, the U.S. LC Obligations do not exceed the U.S. Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the U.S. LC Reserve for purposes of this
calculation); (c) after giving effect to such issuance, total Canadian LC Obligations do not exceed the Canadian Letter of Credit Subline, no Canadian Overadvance exists or would result therefrom and, if no Canadian Revolver Loans are
outstanding, the Canadian LC Obligations do not exceed the Canadian Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the Canadian LC Reserve for purposes of this calculation);
(d) after giving effect to such issuance, total German LC Obligations do not exceed the German Letter of Credit Subline, no German Overadvance exists or would
result therefrom and, if no German Revolver Loans are outstanding, the German LC Obligations do not exceed the German Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the German LC Reserve for purposes of this calculation)[reserved]; (e) after giving effect to such issuance, total
U.K./Dutch LC Obligations do not exceed the U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit Subline, no U.K./Dutch Overadvance exists or would result therefrom and, if no U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans are outstanding, the U.K./Dutch LC Obligations do not exceed the
U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base (without giving effect to the U.K./Dutch LC Reserve for purposes of this calculation); (f) the expiration date of such Letter of Credit is (i) no more than 365 days from issuance (or such other expiration date
beyond 365 days agreed to by Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank), in the case of standby Letters of Credit, provided, however, that any standby Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of
additional periods each of up to 365 days in duration issuance (or such other days in duration beyond 365 days agreed to by Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank), and (ii) no more than 120 days from issuance, in the case of documentary Letters
of Credit; (g) in the case of U.S. Letters of Credit, the Letter of Credit and payments thereunder are denominated in Dollars or any foreign currency acceptable to Agent and the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank and, unless otherwise specified by
Agent or applicable U.S. Issuing Bank (at their respective option) that it requires payment in Dollars calculated at the Spot Rate, payments thereunder are to be made in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was denominated; (h) in
the case of Canadian Letters of Credit, the Letter of Credit and payments thereunder are denominated in Dollars, Canadian Dollars, or any foreign currency acceptable to Agent and Canadian Issuing Bank and, unless otherwise specified by Agent or
Canadian Issuing Bank (at their respective option) that it requires payment in Dollars or Canadian Dollars 

54 

calculated at the Spot Rate, payments thereunder are to be made in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was denominated; (i) in the case of U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit, the
Letter of Credit and payments thereunder are denominated in Dollars, British Pounds, Euros, or any foreign currency acceptable to the Agent and U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank and, unless otherwise specified by Agent or U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank (at their
respective option) that it requires payment in Dollars, British Pounds or Euros calculated at the Spot Rate, payments thereunder are to be made in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was denominated, (j) in the case of German Letters of Credit, the Letter of Credit and payments thereunder are denominated in Dollars, British Pounds, Euros, Swiss Francs, or any foreign
currency acceptable to the Agent and German Issuing Bank and, unless otherwise specified by Agent or German Issuing Bank (at their respective option) that it requires payment in Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs, or Euros calculated at the Spot
Rate, payments thereunder are to be made in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was
denominated[reserved], and (k) the form of
the proposed Letter of Credit is satisfactory to Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank in their reasonable discretion. 

LC
Documents: all documents, instruments and agreements (including LC Requests and LC Applications) delivered by the Borrower Agent on behalf of a Borrower or by any other Person to an Issuing Bank or Agent in connection with the issuance,
amendment or renewal of, or payment under, any Letter of Credit. 

LC Obligations: the U.S. LC Obligations, the Canadian LC
Obligations, the German LC Obligations, and the U.K./Dutch LC Obligations. 

LC Request: a request for issuance of a Letter of Credit, to be provided by the U.S. Borrowers, the Canadian Borrower, the German Borrower, the U.K./Dutch Borrowers, or the Borrower Agent, as applicable, to an Issuing Bank,
in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent and such Issuing Bank. 

Legal Reservations: the application of relevant Debtor
Relief Laws, general principles of equity and/or principles of good faith and fair dealing and any other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations (however described) as to matters of law in any legal opinion delivered to the Agent
under or in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, the possibility that a non-exclusive choice of jurisdiction provision in any agreement or instrument, or a provision which gives some (but not all) of the parties to the
relevant agreement or instrument a right to commence proceedings in jurisdictions other than the jurisdiction specified in that agreement or instrument as being the most appropriate and convenient forum to settle disputes, may not be enforceable.

Lender Indemnitees: Lenders and their officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, branches, agents and attorneys. 

Lenders: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement, including the U.S. Lenders, the Canadian Lenders, the German Lenders, the U.K./Dutch Lenders, Agent in its capacity as a provider of Swingline Loans and any other Person
who hereafter becomes a Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance or in accordance with Section 2.1.7. 

Lending Office: the office designated as such by the applicable Lender at the time it becomes party to this Agreement or thereafter by
notice to Agent and Borrower Agent. 

Letter of Credit: any U.S. Letter of Credit, Canadian Letter of Credit, German Letter of Credit, or U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit. 

55 

License: any license or agreement under which an Obligor or Subsidiary is authorized
to use Intellectual Property in connection with any manufacture, marketing, distribution or disposition of Collateral, any use of Property or any other conduct of its business. 

Licensor: any Person from whom an Obligor obtains the right to use any Intellectual Property. 

Lien: any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or
preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real
property, and any Capital Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed to constitute a
Lien. 

Lien Waiver: an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, by which (unless, in each case, otherwise
agreed to by Agent in its sole discretion) (a) for any material Collateral located on leased premises, the lessor waives or subordinates any Lien it may have on the Collateral, and agrees to permit Agent to enter upon the premises and remove
the Collateral or to use the premises to store or dispose of the Collateral; (b) for any Collateral held by a warehouseman, processor, shipper, customs broker or freight forwarder, such Person waives or subordinates any Lien it may have on the
Collateral, agrees to hold any Documents in its possession relating to the Collateral as agent for Agent, and agrees to deliver the Collateral to Agent upon request; (c) for any Collateral held by a repairman, mechanic or bailee, such Person
acknowledges Agents Lien, waives or subordinates any Lien it may have on the Collateral, and agrees to deliver the Collateral to Agent upon request; (d) for any Collateral subject to a Licensors Intellectual Property rights, the
Licensor grants to Agent the right, vis--vis such Licensor, to enforce Agents Liens with respect to the Collateral, including the right to dispose of it with the benefit of the Intellectual Property, whether or not a default exists
under any applicable License; and (e) for any Collateral held by Costco on consignment on behalf of a U.S. Domiciled Obligor, Costco acknowledges the applicable Obligors ownership of such Collateral, acknowledges Agents Lien on such
Collateral, authorizes the filing of UCC financing statements naming Costco as consignee, the applicable Obligor as consignor, and Agent as such Obligors assignee, and agrees to deliver the Collateral to Agent upon request. 

Loan: a Revolver Loan. 

Loan Account: the loan account established by each Lender on its books pursuant to Section 5.8. 

Loan Documents: this Agreement, Other Agreements and Security Documents. 

Loan Guaranty: the Guarantees provided by the Guarantors pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

Margin Stock: as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors. 

Material Adverse Effect: a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations, in
each case, of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Agent under the applicable Loan Documents or (c) the ability of the Obligors (taken as a whole) to perform
their payment obligations under the applicable Loan Documents. 

Material Intellectual Property: any Intellectual Property owned by
any Obligor that is, in the good faith determination of the Borrower Agent, material to the operation of the business of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

56 

Mature Large Venue Location: each Topgolf location that (a) has greater than or
equal to 102 driving range bays and (b) as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, has been open for at least 12 fiscal months. 

Mature Locations: collectively, each Mature Small Venue Location, each Mature Medium Venue Location and each Mature Large Venue
Location. 

Mature Medium Venue Location: each Topgolf location that (a) has greater than or equal to 50 driving range bays but
less than 102 driving range bays and (b) as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, has been open for at least 12 fiscal months. 

Mature Small Venue Location: each Topgolf location that (a) has less than 50 driving range bays and (b) as of the last day of
the most recently ended Test Period, has been open for at least 12 fiscal months. 

Maturity Limitation Excluded Amount: shall have
the meaning assigned to such term in the Term Loan Facility Agreement, as in effect on the date hereof. 

Maximum Canadian Facility
Amount: on any date of determination, the lesser of (i) the Canadian Revolver Commitments on such date and (ii) $5,000,000 (or such greater or lesser amount after giving effect to any increases or reductions in the Commitments and/or
Canadian Revolver Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.1.4 from time to time); it being acknowledged and agreed that at no time can the aggregate of all Maximum Country Facility Amounts exceed the Maximum Facility
Amount in effect at such time. 

Maximum Country Facility Amounts: each of the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount, the Maximum Canadian
Facility Amount, the Maximum German Facility Amount, and the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount.
Maximum Country Facility Amount means any of the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount, the Maximum Canadian Facility Amount, the Maximum German
Facility Amount, or the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount, as the context requires. 

Maximum Facility Amount: $525,000,000485,000,000
(as of the Third Amendment Effective Date), or such greater or lesser amount as shall then be in
effect after giving effect to any reductions in the Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.1.4 and increases in the U.S. Revolver Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.1.7. 

Maximum German Facility Amount: on any date of determination, the lesser of (i) the German Revolver Commitments on such date and (ii) $60,000,000 (or such greater or lesser amount after giving
effect to any increases or reductions in the Commitments and/or German Revolver Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.1.4 from time to time); it being acknowledged and agreed that at no time can the aggregate of all
Maximum Country Facility Amounts exceed the Maximum Facility Amount in effect at such time.

Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount: on any date of determination, the lesser of (i) the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments on such
date and (ii) $20,000,000 (or such greater or lesser amount after giving effect to any increases or reductions in the Commitments and/or the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.1.4 from time
to time); it being acknowledged and agreed that at no time can the aggregate of all Maximum Country Facility Amounts exceed the Maximum Facility Amount in effect at such time. 

57 

Maximum U.S. Facility Amount: on any date of determination, the lesser of
(i) the U.S. Revolver Commitments on such date and (ii) $440,000,000
460,000,000
(as of the
Third Amendment Effective Date) (or such greater or
lesser amount after giving effect to any increases or reductions in the Commitments and/or the U.S. Revolver Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.1.4 and increases in the Commitments and/or the U.S. Revolver
Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.1.7 from time to time); it being acknowledged and agreed that at no time can the aggregate of all Maximum Country Facility Amounts exceed the Maximum Facility Amount in effect at
such time. 

Medium Venue New Location: a New Location that has greater than or equal to 50 driving range bays but less than
102 driving range bays. 

Mexican Eligible Inventory: finished goods Inventory of Parent located in Mexico that is boxed and labeled
and that would constitute Eligible Inventory of Parent but for the fact that it is not within the United States for purposes of clause (h)(ii) of the Eligible Inventory definition and it is not in transit between facilities in the United States of
Parent for purposes of clause (i)(i) the Eligible Inventory definition. For the avoidance of doubt, Mexican Eligible Inventory must comply with all other eligibility criteria set forth in the Eligible Inventory definition herein. 

Mexican Inventory Formula Amount: as of any date of determination, (a) at all times the Mexican Pledge Agreement is in full force
and effect, the lesser of (i) 50% of the Value of Mexican Eligible Inventory, and (ii) $10,000,000, and (b) at all other times, $0. 

Mexican Pledge Agreement: the Non-Possessory Pledge Agreement (Contrato de Prenda Sin Transmission de Posesion), dated as of
February 21, 2023, among the Parent, as Pledgor, and the Agent, as Pledgee, in connection with certain Inventory located in Mexico, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Mexican Security Documents: the Mexican Pledge Agreement, and any other Mexican law governed secured agreement executed under or in
connection with this Agreement. 

Moodys: Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and its successors. 

Mortgage: a mortgage, deed of trust, deed of immovable hypothec or deed to secure debt pursuant to which an Obligor grants a Lien on
its Real Estate to Agent, as security for the applicable Obligations. 

Multiemployer Plan: any employee benefit plan which is a
multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, and in respect of which the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates,
makes or is obligated to make contributions or with respect to which any of them has any ongoing obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Net Excess Availability: as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Availability minus the aggregate amount, if
any, of all trade payables of Obligors that are more than 60 days past due (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion) and all book overdrafts of Obligors in excess of historical practices with respect thereto, in each case as
determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

Net Orderly Liquidation Value: with respect to trademarks of any Person, the net
orderly liquidation value of such trademarks expected to be realized at an orderly, negotiated sale held within a reasonable period of time, net of all liquidation expenses, as determined from the most recent appraisal of such trademarks performed
by an appraiser and on terms reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

New Facility Lease: any master facility lease or other lease
agreement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Master Facility Lease) among the Parent and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any other Person (other than any Obligor), on the other hand, relating to the
leasing to Parent and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries of one or more Topgolf locations. 

58 

New Lender: as defined in Section 5.9.2(n). 

New Location: any Topgolf location that, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, has been open for at least one day
and less than 12 full fiscal months. 

NOLV Percentage: with respect to each category of each Borrowers Inventory (as
determined by Agent from to time in its Credit Judgment) the net orderly liquidation value of such Inventory, expressed as a percentage (such percentage to be adjusted seasonally at such times consistent with the most recently delivered appraisal,
as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment), expected to be realized at an orderly, negotiated sale held within a reasonable period of time, net of all liquidation expenses, as determined from the most recent appraisal of such Inventory performed
by an appraiser and on terms reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

Notes: each Revolver Note or other promissory note executed by a
Borrower to evidence any Obligations. 

Notice of Borrowing: a Notice of Borrowing to be provided by Borrower Agent to request a
Borrowing of Loans, in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

Notice of Conversion/Continuation: a Notice of
Conversion/Continuation to be provided by Borrower Agent to request a conversion or continuation of any Loans as Term SOFR Loans, Term CORRA Loans or EURIBOR Loans, in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

Noticed Hedge: Secured Bank Product Obligations arising under a Hedging Agreement. 

Number of Large Venue Operating Days: has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Annualized New Location
EBITDA. 

Number of Medium Venue Operating Days: has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Annualized
New Location EBITDA. 

Number of Small Venue Operating Days: has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
Annualized New Location EBITDA. 

Obligations: all (a) principal of and premium, if any, on the Loans,
(b) U.S. LC Obligations and other obligations of the U.S. Facility Obligors with respect to Letters of Credit, (c) Canadian LC Obligations and other obligations of the Canadian Facility Obligors with respect to Letters of Credit, (d) German LC Obligations and other obligations of the German Facility Obligors with respect to Letters of Credit,[reserved], (e) U.K./Dutch LC Obligations and other obligations of
the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligors with respect to Letters of Credit, (f) interest, expenses, fees, indemnification obligations, Extraordinary Expenses and other amounts payable by Obligors under Loan Documents, (g) Secured Bank Product
Obligations, and (h) other Indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of any kind owing by Obligors pursuant to the Loan Documents, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether evidenced by a note or other writing, whether allowed in any
Insolvency Proceeding, whether arising from an extension of credit, issuance of a letter of credit, acceptance, loan, guaranty, indemnification or otherwise, and whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, primary or
secondary, or joint or several; provided, that Obligations of an Obligor shall not include its Excluded Swap Obligations. 

59 

Obligor: each Borrower, Guarantor, or other Person that is liable for payment of any
Obligations or that has granted a Lien in favor of Agent on its assets to secure any Obligations. 

Obligor Group: a group
consisting of (a) Canadian Facility Obligors, (b) U.S. Facility Obligors, (c) German Facility Obligors[reserved], or (d) U.K./Dutch Facility Obligors. 

OFAC: Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 

Ordinary Course of Business: with respect to any Person, the ordinary course of business of such Person, consistent with past
practices. 

Organizational Documents: with respect to (a) any Person (other than any Person organized under the laws of Germany or the Netherlands), its charter, certificate or articles of incorporation, amalgamation or continuance,
bylaws, articles of organization, limited liability agreement, operating agreement, members agreement, shareholders agreement, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership, certificate of formation, memorandum of association, articles of
association, voting trust agreement, or similar agreement or instrument governing the formation or operation of such Person, (b) any Person organized under
the laws of Germany, its articles of association (Satzung) or partnership agreement, as the case may be, and, if applicable, any by-laws of its supervisory or advisory board[reserved], and (c) any Person organized under the laws of the
Netherlands, its articles of association (statuten) or deed of incorporation (akte van oprichting). 

Original
Agreement Closing Date: June 30, 2011. 

Original Amended and Restated Loan Agreement: as defined in the recitals hereto.

Original Loan Agreement: as defined in the recitals hereto. 

Original Obligations: as defined in Section 14.19. 

Other Agreement: the Intercreditor Agreement; each Note; LC Document; Fee Letter; Lien Waiver; Borrowing Base Certificate, Compliance
Certificate, financial statement or report delivered hereunder; or other document, instrument or agreement (other than this Agreement or a Security Document) now or hereafter delivered by an Obligor or other Person to Agent or a Lender in connection
with any transactions relating hereto. 

Other Taxes: all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or
property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document. 

Overadvance: a Canadian Overadvance, German
Overadvance, U.S. Overadvance, or U.K./Dutch Overadvance, as the context requires. 

Overadvance Loan: a Canadian Overadvance Loan and/or a
German Overadvance Loan, and/or a U.S. Overadvance Loan, and/or a U.K./Dutch Overadvance Loan, as the context
requires. 

Parallel Debt Undertaking: as defined in Section 14.19. 

Parallel Obligations: as defined in Section 14.19. 

Parent: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

60 

Participant: as defined in Section 13.2. 

Participating Member State: each member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency so described in any EMU
Legislation. 

Patent: the following: (a) any and all patents and patent applications and industrial designs and industrial
design applications; (b) all inventions described and claimed therein; (c) all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations in part thereof; (d) all income, royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or
hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past and future infringements thereof; (e) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof; and (f) all
rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 

Patriot Act: the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. No. 107-56, 115 Stat. 272 (2001). 

Payment Item: each check,
draft or other item of payment payable to an Obligor, including those constituting proceeds of any Collateral. 

PBA: the Pension
Benefits Act (Ontario) or any other Canadian federal or provincial statute in relation to Canadian Pension Plans, and any regulations thereunder, as amended from time to time. 

PBGC: the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

Pension Plan: any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), that is
subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, which the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, maintains or contributes to or has an
obligation to contribute to, or otherwise has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Perfection Certificate: the perfection
certificate executed and delivered by the U.S. Domiciled Obligors on the Closing Date as required pursuant to Section 6.1(l). 

Perfection Requirements: the filing of appropriate UCC and PPSA financing statements, registration of the particulars of each Security
Document granted by a U.K. Domiciled Obligor at Companies House in England and Wales under section 859A of the Companies Act 2006, and, in each case, payment of associated fees, the filing of Intellectual Property Security Agreements or other
appropriate instruments or notices with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the U.S. Copyright Office and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, registration of the particulars of each Security Document creating a Lien at the Trade Marks
Registry at the Patent Office in England and Wales and payment of associated fees, the proper recording or filing, as applicable, of Mortgages and fixture filings with respect to any Real Estate, in each case in favor of the Agent for the benefit of
the applicable Secured Parties and the delivery to the Agent of any stock certificate or promissory note, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank and the delivery of any notices of security to third parties to the extent required to
be delivered under the U.K. Security Agreements, in each case, to the extent required by the applicable Loan Documents and/or any other perfection action required under the terms of any Security Document. 

Permitted Acquisition: any acquisition made by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger,
amalgamation or otherwise, of (a) all or substantially all of the assets, or any business line, unit or division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product) of, any Person or (b) a
majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person, but in any event, including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase 

61 

the Parents or any Restricted Subsidiarys equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Parents or its relevant
Restricted Subsidiarys ownership interest in such joint venture; provided that (i) such acquisition was not effected pursuant to a hostile offer, (ii) at the applicable time elected by the Borrower Agent in accordance with
Section 1.5.2, no Event of Default under Sections 11.1(a), (or with respect to the Borrowers) (f) or (g) shall be continuing and (iii) the purchase consideration payable in respect of all Permitted Acquisitions (including the
proposed Acquisition and including deferred payment obligations) shall not exceed the Acquisition Cap in the aggregate; provided, however, that no such Acquisition shall count against the Acquisition Cap if either: (A) (x) on a Pro Forma
Basis after giving effect to such acquisition, Net Excess Availability has been greater than an amount equal to 12.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount at all times during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the consummation of such
acquisition, (y) Net Excess Availability is greater than an amount equal to 12.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such acquisition, and (z) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to
such acquisition (calculated on a trailing twelve month basis recomputed for the most recent month for which financial statements have been delivered) is not less than 1.0 to 1.0; or (B) (x) average daily Net Excess Availability, on a Pro
Forma Basis after giving effect to such acquisition, has been greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount for the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition, and (y) Net Excess
Availability is greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such acquisition. 

In no event will assets
exceeding $15,000,000 in Value acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition constitute assets eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base prior to completion of a field examination, appraisal and other due diligence acceptable to Agent in its
Credit Judgment. Assets less than $15,000,000 in Value acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition shall constitute assets eligible for inclusion in the applicable Borrowing Base (subject to all eligibility criteria) on a temporary basis pending
completion of a field examination, appraisal and other due diligence acceptable to Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

Permitted Lien:
Liens permitted pursuant to Section 10.2.2. 

Permitted Reorganization: any transaction or undertaking, including any
Investments in connection with any internal reorganization and/or any restructuring (including in connection with tax planning and/or corporate reorganization), so long as, after giving effect thereto, neither the Loan Guaranty, taken as a whole,
nor the security interest of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is materially impaired (including by a material portion of the assets that constitute Collateral immediately prior to such Permitted Reorganization no longer
constituting Collateral) as a result of such Permitted Reorganization. 

Person: any individual, corporation, limited liability
company, unlimited liability company, partnership, joint venture, joint stock company, land trust, business trust, unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

PPSA: the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the regulations thereunder; provided, however, if validity,
perfection and effect of perfection and non-perfection of Agents security interest in and Lien on any Collateral are governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction other than Ontario, PPSA shall mean those personal
property security laws (including the Civil Code of Quebec) in such other jurisdiction for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such validity, perfection, and effect of perfection and non-perfection and for the definitions related to
such provisions, as from time to time in effect. 

Primary Obligor: has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
Contingent Obligation. 

62 

Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect: with respect to any determination of the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including any component definitions thereof), that: 

(a)
(i) in the case of (A) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary or any division and/or product line of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) any designation of a Restricted
Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary and/or (C) the implementation of any Business Optimization Initiative relating to a cost savings-related action, income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or
Person subject to such Subject Transaction, shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made and (ii) in the case of any Permitted
Acquisition, Investment, designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, Business Optimization Initiative relating to a revenue or margin enhancement-related action and/or the opening of any New Location (subject to clause
(b)(vi) of the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA), income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the
applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made, 

(b) any retirement or
repayment of Indebtedness that constitutes a Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made, 

(c) any incurrence of Indebtedness by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that constitutes a Subject Transaction shall be deemed
to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that, (x) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such
Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination
(taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (y) interest on any obligation with respect to any Capital Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower Agent to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP and (z) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar
rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, an overnight financing rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower Agent, and 

(d) the acquisition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets and/or the amount Cash or Cash Equivalents, whether pursuant
to any Subject Transaction or any Person becoming a subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Parent or any of its subsidiaries, or the Disposition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets described
in the definition of Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made. 

Pro Rata: (a) with respect to any U.S. Lender and in reference to its U.S. Revolver Commitment, U.S. Facility Obligations, or
other matters (including (A) payments of principal, accrued interest and fees related thereto, (B) participations in U.S. LC Obligations and U.S. Swingline Loans, (C) increases or reductions to the U.S. Revolver Commitments pursuant
to Section 2.1.4 or 2.1.7, and (D) obligations to pay or reimburse Agent for Extraordinary Expenses owed by or in respect of the U.S. Facility Obligors or to indemnify any Indemnitees for Claims relating to the U.S. Facility
Obligors) relating thereto, as applicable, a percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) determined (i) while the U.S. Revolver Commitments are outstanding, by dividing the amount of such U.S. Lenders U.S. Revolver Commitment

63 

by the aggregate amount of all U.S. Revolver Commitments, and (ii) at any other time, by dividing the amount of such U.S. Lenders U.S. Revolver Loans and U.S. LC Obligations by the
aggregate amount of all U.S. Revolver Loans and U.S. LC Obligations; (b) with respect to any Canadian Lender and in reference to its Canadian Revolver Commitment, Canadian Facility Obligations or other matters (including (A) payments of
principal, accrued interest and fees related thereto, (B) participations in Canadian LC Obligations and Canadian Swingline Loans, (C) increases or reductions to the Canadian Revolver Commitments pursuant to Section 2.1.4, and
(D) obligations to pay or reimburse Agent for Extraordinary Expenses owed by or in respect of the Canadian Facility Obligors or to indemnify any Indemnitees for Claims relating to the Canadian Facility Obligors) relating thereto, as applicable,
a percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) determined (i) while the Canadian Revolver Commitments are outstanding, by dividing such Canadian Lenders Canadian Revolver Commitment by the aggregate amount of all Canadian Revolver
Commitments, and (ii) at any other time, by dividing the amount of such Canadian Lenders Canadian Revolver Loans and Canadian LC Obligations by the aggregate amount of all Canadian Revolver Loans and Canadian LC Obligations; (c) with
respect to any U.K./Dutch Lender and in reference to its U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment, U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations or other matters (including (A) payments of principal, accrued interest and fees related thereto, (B) participations
in U.K./Dutch LC Obligations and U.K./Dutch Swingline Loans, (C) increases or reductions to the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments pursuant to Section 2.1.4, and (D) obligations to pay or reimburse Agent for Extraordinary Expenses
owed by or in respect of the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligors or to indemnify any Indemnitees for Claims relating to the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligors) relating thereto, as applicable, a percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) determined
(i) while the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments are outstanding, by dividing such U.K./Dutch Lenders U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment by the aggregate amount of all U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, and (ii) at any other time, by dividing
the amount of such U.K./Dutch Lenders U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and U.K./Dutch LC Obligations by the aggregate amount of all U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and U.K./Dutch LC Obligations; (d) with respect to any German Lender and in reference to its German Revolver Commitment, German Facility Obligations or other matters (including (A) payments of principal,
accrued interest and fees related thereto, (B) participations in German LC Obligations and German Swingline Loans, (C) increases or reductions to the German Revolver Commitments pursuant to Section 2.1.4, and
(D) obligations to pay or reimburse Agent for Extraordinary Expenses owed by or in respect of the German Facility Obligors or to indemnify any Indemnitees for Claims relating to the German Facility Obligors) relating thereto, as applicable, a
percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) determined (i) while the German Revolver Commitments are outstanding, by dividing such German Lenders German Revolver Commitment by the aggregate amount of all German Revolver
Commitments, and (ii) at any other time, by dividing the amount of such German Lenders German Revolver Loans and German LC Obligations by the aggregate amount of all German Revolver Loans and German LC Obligations[reserved]; and (e) with respect to any Lender and in reference to
any other matter relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document which is not governed by any of the preceding clauses of this definition (as reasonably determined by Agent from time to time), a percentage (carried out in the ninth decimal
place) determined by dividing the amount of such Lenders unused Revolver Commitments and outstanding Loans and LC Obligations, by the aggregate amount of all unused Revolver Commitments and all outstanding Loans and LC Obligations. 

Proceeds: as defined in Section 7.1. 

Proceeds of Crime Act: the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) (or any successor statute), as
amended from time to time, and includes all regulations thereunder. 

Projections: the financial projections of the Parent and its
subsidiaries included in the Information Memorandum (or a supplement thereto). 

64 

Property: any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or
mixed, or tangible or intangible. 

Protective Advances: as defined in Section 2.1.6. 

Public Company Costs: Charges associated with compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and
regulations promulgated in connection therewith and Charges relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (and, in each case, similar Requirements of Law under other jurisdictions), as applicable to companies
with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or debt securities, directors, managers and/or employees compensation, fees and expense reimbursement,
Charges relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees and listing and filing fees. 

Qualified Capital Stock: of any Person means any Capital Stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Capital Stock. 

Qualified ECP: an Obligor with total assets exceeding $10,000,000, or that constitutes an eligible contract participant
under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of such Act. 

RCRA: the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6991-6991i). 

Real Estate: all right, title and interest (whether as owner, lessor or lessee) in any real Property or any buildings, structures,
parking areas or other improvements thereon. 

Refinancing Indebtedness: as defined in Section 10.2.1(p). 

Refunding Capital Stock: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.2.4(a)(viii). 

Regulation U: Regulation U of the FRB as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or
thereof. 

Regulation X: Regulation X of the FRB as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder
or thereof.

Related Real Estate Documents: with respect to any Real Estate subject to a Mortgage, the following, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (or such other Persons as expressly set forth below): (a) all information requested by Agent or any Lender for due diligence and required for Agent or any Lender to comply with Flood Insurance Laws;
and (b) (i) a mortgagee title policy (or binder therefor) covering Agents interest under the Mortgage, by an insurer reasonably acceptable to Agent, which must be fully paid as of the date of the applicable Mortgage in an amount not
to exceed the fair market value of the Real Estate (as determined by a current appraisal of the Real Estate reasonably satisfactory to Agent); (ii) such assignments of leases, estoppel letters, attornment agreements, consents, waivers and
releases as Agent may reasonably require and which would be customarily obtained by a lender in connection with a mortgage financing of a property such as the Real Estate with respect to other Persons having an interest in the Real Estate, or an
existing as-built survey (reasonably acceptable to Agent), together with a no change affidavit sufficient for the applicable title company to remove the general survey exemption and provide customary survey coverage to the mortgagee
title policy; (iii) a current, as-built survey of the Real Estate and certified by a licensed surveyor reasonably acceptable to Agent; (iv) a life-of-loan flood hazard determination and, if any Real Estate is located in a special flood
hazard zone, flood insurance 

65 

documentation and coverage as required by Flood Insurance Laws; (v) a current appraisal of the Real Estate, prepared by an appraiser acceptable to Agent, and in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to all Lenders; (vi) an environmental assessment, prepared by environmental engineers reasonably acceptable to Agent, a customary environmental indemnity agreement if appropriate, and such other reports, certificates, studies or
data as Agent may reasonably require, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; and (vii) such other documents, legal opinions, instruments or agreements as Agent may reasonably require with respect to such Real Estate and
Mortgage and which are customary for a mortgage financing transaction. 

Release: any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping,
pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the indoor or outdoor environment (including the abandonment or disposal of any barrels, containers or other closed
receptacles containing any Hazardous Material), including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater. 

Relevant Canadian Governmental Body: the Bank of Canada, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Canada, or any
successor thereto. 

Relevant Governmental Body: the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Relevant Rate: with respect to any Loan denominated in (a) British Pounds, SONIA, (b) Swiss Francs,
SARON,[reserved], (c) Euros, EURIBOR,
(d) Dollars, Term SOFR and (e) Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA, as applicable.

Replacement Debt: any
Refinancing Indebtedness (whether borrowed in the form of secured or unsecured loans, issued in a public offering, Rule 144A under the Securities Act or other private placement or bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing or otherwise) incurred in
respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 10.2.1(t) (and any subsequent refinancing of such Replacement Debt). 

Report:
as defined in Section 12.2.3. 

Reporting Trigger Period: the period (a) commencing on the day that an Event of
Default occurs, or Net Excess Availability is less than, at any time, an amount equal to 10% of the Maximum Facility Amount; and (b) continuing until, during the preceding 30 consecutive days, no Event of Default has existed and Net Excess
Availability has been greater than, at all times, an amount equal to 10% of the Maximum Facility Amount. 

Required Lenders: Lenders
(subject to Section 4.2) having unused Revolver Commitments and outstanding Loans and LC Obligations, in excess of 50% of the aggregate amount of all unused Revolver Commitments and all outstanding Loans and LC Obligations;
provided, however, that the Commitments and Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from such calculation; provided, further, that at any time there are: (i) 2 or more Lenders, Required Lenders
must include at least 2 Lenders, and (ii) less than 2 Lenders, Required Lenders must include all Lenders. 

Requirements of Law: with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, provincial, territorial,
municipal, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or
authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding
upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

66 

Reset Date: as defined Section 5.13. 

Resolution Authority: an EEA Resolutions Authority or, with respect to any U.K. Financial Institution, a U.K. Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer: of any Person means the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, any statutory
director, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president or the chief operating officer of such Person and any other individual or similar official thereof responsible for the
administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, shall include any secretary or assistant secretary or any other individual or similar official thereof with
substantially equivalent responsibilities of an Obligor. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Obligor shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or
other action on the part of such Obligor, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Obligor. 

Responsible Officer Certification: with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is required, the certification
of a Responsible Officer of the Parent that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial condition of the Parent as at the dates indicated and its consolidated income and
cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to the absence of footnotes and changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. 

Restricted Debt: has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.4(b). 

Restricted Debt Payments: has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.4(b). 

Restricted Payment: (a) any dividend or other distribution on account of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of Parent,
except a dividend payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock to the holders of such class; (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value (other than solely for shares of
Qualified Capital Stock) of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of Parent and (c) any payment (other than any payment made solely with shares of Qualified Capital Stock) made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding
warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of the Capital Stock of Parent now or hereafter outstanding. 

Restricted Subsidiary: as to any Person, any subsidiary of such Person that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless otherwise
specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent. Each Subsidiary of the Parent that is a Borrower shall constitute a Restricted Subsidiary at all times. 

Revolver Commitment: a U.S. Revolver Commitment and/or a Canadian Revolver Commitment and/or a German Revolver Commitment and/or a U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment, as the context requires. Revolver
Commitment Total means the U.S. Revolver Commitments and/or the Canadian Revolver Commitments and/or the German Revolver Commitments and/or the
U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment, as the context requires. Revolver Commitments means the aggregate of the U.S. Revolver Commitments, the Canadian Revolver Commitments,
the German Revolver Commitments, and the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments. 

67 

Revolver Facilities: as defined in Section 14.11(a)(vi).

Revolver Loan: a U.S. Revolver Loan and/or a Canadian Revolver Loan and/or a German Revolver Loan and/or a U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan, as the context requires. 

Revolver Notes: collectively, the U.S. Revolver Notes, the Canadian Revolver Notes, the German Revolver Notes, and the U.K./Dutch Revolver Notes. 

Royalties: all royalties, fees, expense reimbursement and other amounts payable by an Obligor or a Restricted Subsidiary under a
License. 

S&P: Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its
successors. 

Sale and Lease-Back Transaction: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.2.8. 

Sanctioned Country: at any time, a country or territory which is itself the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions (at the
time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic and the non-government controlled areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine).

Sanctioned Person: at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, the U.K. government including His Majestys
Treasury of the United Kingdom, the Canadian government, the German government or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person currently the subject or target
of any Sanctions or (d) any Person 50% or more owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c). 

Sanctions: any economic or financial sanctions and/or trade embargoes or restrictive measures imposed, administered or enforced from
time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, any European Union member state, the U.K. government including His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, Canadian government, the German government or other relevant sanctions authority. 

SARON: with respect to any applicable determination date, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published on such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other
commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Agent from time to time); provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SARON means such rate that applied on the first Business Day
immediately prior thereto.

SARON Adjustment: with respect to SARON, -0.0571% per annum.

SARON Loans: a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the SARON Rate.

SARON Rate: with respect to any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, the rate per annum equal to SARON determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SARON Adjustment; provided
that in no event shall the SARON Rate be less than 0.00%. Any change in the SARON Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice.

68 

Scheduled Unavailability Date: has the meaning specified in Section 3.11(g).

SEC: the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement: as defined in the recitals hereto. 

Second Amended Original Closing Date: as defined in the recitals hereto. 

Secured Bank Product Obligations: Bank Product Debt owing to a Secured Bank Product Provider, up to the maximum amount (in the case of
any Secured Bank Product Provider other than Bank of America and its Affiliates and branches) specified by such provider in writing to Agent, which amount may be established or increased (by further written notice to Agent from time to time) as long
as no Default or Event of Default exists and no Overadvance would result from establishment of a Canadian Bank Product Reserve, German Bank Product Reserve,
U.S. Bank Product Reserve, or U.K./Dutch Bank Product Reserve, as applicable, for such amount and all other Secured Bank Product Obligations; provided, that Secured Bank Product
Obligations of an Obligor shall not include its Excluded Swap Obligations. 

Secured Bank Product Provider: (a) Bank of
America or any of its Affiliates or branches; and (b) any other Lender or Affiliate or branch of a Lender that is providing a Bank Product, provided such provider delivers written notice to Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent, by the later of the Closing Date or 10 days following creation of the Bank Product (for the avoidance of doubt, written notices delivered to Agent prior to the Closing Date do not need to be re-delivered), (i) describing the Bank
Product and setting forth the maximum amount to be secured by the Collateral and the methodology to be used in calculating such amount, and (ii) agreeing to be bound by Section 12.13. 

Secured Parties: Canadian Facility Secured Parties
and/or German Facility Secured Parties and/or U.S. Facility Secured Parties and/or U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties, as the context requires. 

Securities: any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in
any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as
securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing; provided that
Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement. 

Securities Act: the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Security Documents: this Agreement, the Guarantees, Mortgages, Intellectual Property Security Agreements, Canadian Security Agreements,
German Security Documents, U.K. Security Documents, Dutch Security Documents, Mexican Security Documents, the
Perfection Certificate (including any Perfection Certificate delivered to Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement), Deposit Account Control Agreements, Credit Card Notifications, and all other documents,
instruments and agreements now or hereafter securing (or given with the intent to secure) any Obligations. 

Senior Officer:
the chairman of the board, director, president, chief executive officer, chief financial officer or treasurer of a Borrower or, if the context requires, an Obligor. 

69 

Settlement Report: a report delivered by Agent to the Applicable Lenders summarizing
the Revolver Loans and, if applicable, participations in LC Obligations outstanding as of a given settlement date, allocated to the Applicable Lenders on a Pro Rata basis in accordance with their Revolver Commitments. 

Similar Business: any Person the majority of the revenues of which are derived from a business that would be permitted by
Section 10.2.10 if the references to Restricted Subsidiaries in Section 10.2.10 were read to refer to such Person. 

Sixth Amendment Effective Date: September 23, 2022. 

Small Venue New Location: a New Location that has less than 50 driving range bays. 

SOFR: the secured overnight financing rate as administered by FRBNY (or a successor administrator). 

SOFR Adjustment: with respect to Daily Simple SOFR and Term SOFR, 0.10%.

Solidary Claim: as defined in Section 12.1.1(b). 

Solvent: as to any Person, such Person (a) owns Property whose fair salable value is greater than the amount required to pay all
of its debts (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities); (b) owns Property whose present fair salable value (as defined below) is greater than the probable total liabilities (including contingent, subordinated,
unmatured and unliquidated liabilities) of such Person as they become absolute and matured; (c) is able to pay all of its debts as they mature; (d) has capital that is not unreasonably small for its business and is sufficient to carry on
its business and transactions and all business and transactions in which it is about to engage; (e) is not insolvent within the meaning of Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; and (f) has not incurred (by way of
assumption or otherwise) any obligations or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) under any Loan Documents, or made any conveyance in connection therewith, with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of such
Person or any of its Affiliates. Fair salable value means the amount that could be obtained for assets within a reasonable time, either through collection or through sale under ordinary selling conditions by a capable and diligent
seller to an interested buyer who is willing (but under no compulsion) to purchase. In addition to the foregoing, Solvent means, with respect to any Canadian Subsidiary, that such Canadian Subsidiary is (i) adequately
capitalized, (ii) owns assets, the value of which, on a going concern basis, exceeds the liabilities of such Person, (iii) will have sufficient working capital to pay its debts as they become due, (iv) has not incurred (by way of
assumption or otherwise) any obligations or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) under any Loan Documents, or made any conveyance in connection therewith, with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud either the present or future creditors of such
Subsidiary or any of its Affiliates, and (v) is not an insolvent person as defined in the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada). Solvent means, with respect to any U.K. Subsidiary, it is not and is not deemed for
the purpose of and under the Insolvency Act 1986 to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due (other than under section 123(1)(a) of the Insolvency Act 1986). Solvent means, with respect to any German Domiciled Obligor, such Person not being illiquid (zahlungsunfhig) or overindebted (berschuldet) in accordance with section 17 and section
19, respectively, of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). Solvent means, with respect to any Dutch Subsidiary, that it has not (i) been declared bankrupt, (ii) been
dissolved, (iii) subjected to a moratorium, and (iv) entered into a private arrangement pursuant to the Court Approval of a Private Composition (Prevention of Insolvency) Act (Wet homologatie onderhands akkoord (WHOA)).

70 

SONIA: with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight
Index Average Reference Rate published on such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Agent from time to time); provided however that if such
determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. 

SONIA Adjustment: with respect to SONIA, 0.0326% per annum. 

SONIA Loan: a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the SONIA Rate. 

SONIA Rate: with respect to any Loan denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition
thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment; provided that in no event shall the SONIA Rate be less than 0.00%. Any change in the SONIA Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 

Specified Adjustment Cap: has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 

Specified Capital Lease Obligation: any obligation with respect to a triple net lease or other lease related to the land and
improvements for any Topgolf location that, in accordance with GAAP, is required to be treated as a Capital Lease. 

Specified Facility
Lease: (a) the Existing Master Facility Lease and (b) each New Facility Lease. 

Specified Obligor: an Obligor that is
not then an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 5.11). 

Specified Sale and Lease-Back Transaction: a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction entered into with respect to any Topgolf location. 

Spot Rate: the exchange rate, as determined by Agent, that is applicable to conversion of one currency into another currency, which is
(a) the exchange rate reported by Bloomberg (or other commercially available source designated by Agent) as of the end of the preceding business day in the financial market for the first currency; or (b) if such report is unavailable for
any reason, the spot rate for the purchase of the first currency with the second currency as in effect during the preceding business day in Agents principal foreign exchange trading office for the first currency. 

Subject Person: has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Income. 

Subject Transaction: with respect to any Test Period, (a) the Transactions, (b) any Permitted Acquisition or any other
acquisition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including
any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Parents or any Restricted Subsidiarys respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of
increasing the Parents or its relevant Restricted Subsidiarys ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is permitted by this Agreement, (c) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital
Stock of any subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or division of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an
Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 10.1.10 hereof, (e) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness), (f) any capital contribution in respect of Qualified
Capital Stock or any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock, (g) any Business Optimization Initiative, (h) the opening of any New Location and/or (i) any other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance
with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 

71 

Subsidiary and subsidiary: with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, unlimited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any
contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned
or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, in each case to the extent the relevant entitys financial results are required to be included in such
Persons consolidated financial statements under GAAP; provided that in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interests in the nature of a qualifying share
of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless otherwise specified, subsidiary and Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of the Parent. 

Successor Borrower: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.2.7(a). 

Successor Rate: has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6. 

Supermajority Lenders: Lenders (subject to Section 4.2) having (a) Revolver Commitments in excess of 75% of the
aggregate Revolver Commitments; and (b) if the Revolver Commitments have terminated, Revolver Loans and LC Obligations in excess of 75% of all outstanding Revolver Loans and LC Obligations; provided, however, that the Commitments
and Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from such calculation. 

Sustainability Assurance Provider: as defined in
Section 4.7.1. 

Sustainability Coordinator: Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as the sustainability coordinator. 

Swap: as defined in Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Swap Obligations: with respect to an Obligor, its obligations under a Hedging Agreement that constitutes a swap within the
meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Swingline Loans: the Canadian Swingline Loans, the German Swingline Loans, the U.S. Swingline Loans, and the U.K./Dutch Swingline Loans. 

Swiss Francs or CHF: the lawful currency of Switzerland and Liechtenstein.

T2: the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 

TARGET Day: any day on which T2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by
the Agent acting reasonably to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euros. 

Tax Credit: a credit
against, relief or remission for, or repayment of any Tax. 

Tax Deduction: as defined in Section 5.9.2(a). 

72 

Taxes: all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings
(including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term CORRA: for any Interest Period relating to a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars (other than Canadian Prime Rate Loans),
(a) the rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA, as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative
Agent from time to time) (in such cases, the Term CORRA Screen Rate) on the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to such Interest Period (or if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day
with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, plus (b) the Term CORRA Adjustment for such Interest Period; provided, that if Term CORRA determined in accordance with this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term CORRA shall
be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term CORRA Adjustment: (i) 0.29547% (29.547 basis points) for an Interest
Period of one-months duration and 0.32138% (32.138 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-months duration. 

Term
CORRA Loan: means a Loan, or a portion thereof, denominated in Canadian Dollars that bears interest based on Term CORRA. 

Term
CORRA Screen Rate: has the meaning specified in the definition of Term CORRA. 

Term Loan Collateral: has the
meaning assigned to such term in the Intercreditor Agreement. 

Term Loan Collateral Agent: as defined in the Intercreditor
Agreement. 

Term Loan Documents: the Loan Documents (as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement). 

Term Loan Facility Agreement: as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement. 

Term SOFR: (a) for any Interest Period relating to a Loan (other than a Base Rate Loan), the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR
Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, provided that if such rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date,
then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and (b) for any interest calculation relating to a
Base Rate Loan on any day, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day, provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00
a.m. on such determination date, then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such term; provided, that if Term SOFR
determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan: a Loan that bears interest based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Replacement Date: has the meaning specified in Section 3.6(b). 

Term SOFR Revolver Loan: a Revolver Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

73 

Term SOFR Screen Rate: the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any
successor administrator satisfactory to the Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Agent from time to time). 

Term SOFR Successor Rate: has the meaning specified in Section 3.6(b). 

Termination Event: (a) the whole or partial withdrawal of a Canadian Subsidiary from a Canadian Pension Plan during a plan year;
or (b) the filing of a notice of interest to terminate in whole or in part a Canadian Pension Plan or the treatment of a Canadian Pension Plan amendment as a termination or partial termination; or (c) the institution of proceedings by any
Governmental Authority to terminate in whole or in part or have a trustee appointed to administer a Canadian Pension Plan; or (d) any other event or condition which might constitute grounds for the termination of or winding up, or partial
termination of or winding up, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Canadian Pension Plan. 

Test Period: as of any
date, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements of the type described in Section 10.1.1(a) or (b), as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been
delivered) or have been prepared and are available for delivery. 

Third Amended Original Closing Date: as defined in the recitals
hereto. 

Third Amendment: that certain Third Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of the
Third Amendment Signing Date, by and among the Borrowers and other Obligors party thereto, Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 

Third
Amendment Effective Date: shall have the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 

Third Amendment Signing Date: shall have
the meaning set forth in the Third Amendment. 

Threshold Amount: the greater of (x) $85,000,000 and (y) 15% of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 

Threshold Percentage: 12.5%. 

Topgolf: Topgolf International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Topgolf Business: the business of Topgolf and its Subsidiaries as in effect on the Closing Date and, for purposes of the definition of
U.S. Accounts Formula Amount, as otherwise in effect in a manner that does not violate Section 10.2.10. 

Topgolf Location Indebtedness: Indebtedness relating to Topgolf locations in the form of mortgage financings, Capital Lease
obligations, including Specified Capital Lease Obligations, and/or, to the extent constituting Indebtedness, operating lease liabilities, finance lease liabilities and deemed landlord financing liabilities. 

Toptracer Bays: the suites of Topgolf brand identity, Intellectual Property, software and hardware leased or licensed to golf courses,
driving ranges or similar facility operators for use in a covered or uncovered bay or similar structure. 

74 

Total Revolver Exposure: as of any date of determination, the sum of the U.S.
Revolver Exposure plus the Canadian Revolver Exposure plus the German Revolver Exposure plus the
U.K./Dutch Revolver Exposure. 

Trademark: the following:
(a) all trademarks (including service marks), common law marks, trade names, trade dress, and logos, slogans and other indicia of origin under the Requirements of Law of any jurisdiction in the world, and the registrations and applications for
registration thereof and the goodwill of the business symbolized by the foregoing; (b) all renewals of the foregoing; (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including, without
limitation, damages, claims, and payments for past and future infringements thereof; (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving claims and demands for
royalties owing; and (e) all domestic rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 

Transaction Costs: fees, premiums,
expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by the Parent and/or its subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

Transactions: collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Obligors of the Loan Documents to which they are a
party and the borrowing of Loans hereunder, (b) the execution, delivery and performance by the Parent and its applicable Restricted Subsidiaries of the Term Loan Facility Agreement, (c) the refinancing in full of all obligations under, and
the termination of the security interests and guarantees with respect to, (x) the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2019, by and among the Parent, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent
thereunder and (y) the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2019, by and among Topgolf, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent thereunder, and (d) the
payment of the Transaction Costs. 

Transferee: any actual or potential Eligible Assignee, Participant or other Person acquiring an
interest in any Obligations. 

Travis Mathew Retail: Travis Mathew Retail, LLC, a California limited liability company. 

Treasury Capital Stock: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.2.4(a)(viii). 

Treaty Lender: a Lender which: (a) is treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of a Treaty; and (b) does not
carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lenders participation in the Loan is effectively connected. 

Treaty State: a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a Treaty) with the United Kingdom which makes
provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest. 

Type: any type of a Loan (i.e., a Term
SOFR Loan, a U.S. Base Rate Loan, a Term CORRA Loan, a Canadian Base Rate Loan, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, a German Base Rate Loan, a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan, a SONIA Loan, a SARON Loan or a EURIBOR
Loan) and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, Term CORRA Loans and EURIBOR Loans, the same Interest Period. 

UCC: the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York or, when the laws of any other jurisdiction govern the perfection or enforcement of any Lien, the Uniform Commercial Code of such jurisdiction. 

U.K./Canadian/German Allocable Amount: as defined in Section 5.11. 

75 

U.K./Canadian/German Guarantor Payment: as defined in Section 5.11. 

U.K. and United Kingdom: the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 

U.K. Borrowers: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

U.K. Domiciled Obligor: each U.K. Subsidiary which is at any time an Obligor, and U.K. Domiciled Obligors means all
such Persons, collectively. 

U.K. Dominion Account: a special account established by the U.K. Borrowers at Bank of America, N.A.
(London Branch) or another bank acceptable to Agent in its Credit Judgment, over which Agent has exclusive control for withdrawal purposes during any Dominion Trigger Period. 

U.K./Dutch Accounts Formula Amount: the sum of (a)(i) as of any date of determination within the period beginning on May 1 through
and including October 31 of each Fiscal Year, 85% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers; and (ii) as of any date of determination within the period beginning on November 1 through and including April 30 of
each Fiscal Year, 90% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers (or 85% of the Value solely with respect to Eligible Accounts of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers arising from the Topgolf Business), plus (b) 90% of the Value
of Eligible Credit Card Receivables of the U.K. Borrowers, arising from the Topgolf Business. 

U.K./Dutch Availability: as of any
date of determination, the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base as of such date of determination minus the aggregate principal amount of all U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans outstanding on such date of determination. 

U.K./Dutch Availability Reserve: the sum (without duplication) of (a) the Inventory Reserve with respect to the U.K./Dutch
Borrowers Inventory; (b) the U.K./Dutch Rent and Charges Reserve; (c) the U.K./Dutch LC Reserve; (d) the U.K./Dutch Bank Product Reserve; (e) all accrued Royalties of the U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors, whether or not then
due and payable by a U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor; (f) the aggregate amount of liabilities secured by Liens upon U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral assets that are included in the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base that are senior to the Agents Liens
(but imposition of any such reserve shall not waive an Event of Default arising therefrom); (g) the U.K./Dutch Dilution Reserve; (h) the U.K./Dutch Priority Payables Reserve; and (i) such additional reserves, in such amounts and with
respect to such matters, as Agent in its Credit Judgment may elect to impose from time to time with respect to the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base. 

U.K./Dutch Bank Product Reserve: the aggregate amount of reserves established by Agent from time to time in its discretion in respect
of Secured Bank Product Obligations owing by the U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors and their Subsidiaries. 

U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan:
a U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan, or portion thereof, funded in Dollars and bearing interest calculated by reference to the Foreign Base Rate. 

U.K./Dutch Borrowers: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base: on any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the result of: (i) the Maximum
U.K./Dutch Facility Amount, minus (ii) the U.K./Dutch LC Reserve; or (b) the result of: (i) the U.K./Dutch Accounts Formula Amount, plus (ii) the U.K./Dutch Inventory Formula Amount, plus (iii) 100% of
the amount of U.K. Pledged Cash and Dutch Pledged Cash, plus (iv) the lesser of (A) 85% of the Bays NOLV of Eligible Toptracer Bays of the U.K. Borrowers, and (B) the aggregate per bay unit cost of Eligible Toptracer Bays of
the U.K. Borrowers as set forth on the U.K. Borrowers 

76 

books and records, minus (iv) the U.K./Dutch Availability Reserve. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the aggregate amount of the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base and U.S. Borrowing Base which
may be attributed to Eligible Toptracer Bays shall not exceed the lesser of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) an amount equal to 10% of the Maximum Facility Amount. 

U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base Certificate: a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, by which the U.K./Dutch
Borrowers certify calculation of the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base. 

U.K./Dutch Cash Collateral Account: a demand deposit, money market
or other account established by Agent at Bank of America, N.A. (London Branch) or such other financial institution as Agent may select in its Credit Judgment, which account shall be for the benefit of the U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties and
shall be subject to Agents Liens securing the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

U.K./Dutch Dilution Reserve: as of any date
of determination, an amount sufficient to reduce the advance rate against Eligible Accounts of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers by 1% for each whole percentage point (or portion thereof) by which the Dilution Percent is in excess of 5.0%. 

U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor: each (i) U.K. Domiciled Obligor, and (ii) each Dutch Domiciled Obligor, and U.K./Dutch
Domiciled Obligors means all such Persons, collectively. 

U.K./Dutch Expeditors Reserve: as of any date of determination,
the aggregate amount of accounts payable owed by any U.K./Dutch Facility Obligor to Expeditors, as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral: all Collateral that now or hereafter secures (or is intended to secure) any of the U.K./Dutch Facility
Obligations, including Property of each U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor, each U.S. Domiciled Obligor, each German Domiciled Obligor, and each Canadian Domiciled Obligor. 

U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantee: each guarantee
agreement (including this Agreement) at any time executed by a U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor in favor of Agent guaranteeing all or any portion of the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor: Parent, each U.K. Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each Canadian Subsidiary party hereto from
time to time, each Dutch Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each German Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, each U.S. Subsidiary party hereto from time to time, and each other Person (if any) who guarantees payment and performance of any U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations: all Obligations of the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligors (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the
Obligations of the U.S. Domiciled Obligors as borrowers or guarantors of any U.S. Facility Obligations). 

U.K./Dutch Facility
Obligor: each of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers or any U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor, and U.K./Dutch Facility Obligors means all of such Persons, collectively. 

U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties: the Agent, the U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank, the U.K./Dutch Lenders and the Secured Bank Product
Providers who provide Bank Products to the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligors and their Subsidiaries. 

77 

U.K./Dutch Inventory Formula Amount: as of any date of determination, the lesser of
(a) 75% of the Value of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers Eligible Inventory and (b) 85% of the NOLV Percentage of the Value of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers Eligible Inventory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of the
U.K./Dutch Inventory Formula Amount which may be attributed to Eligible In-Transit Inventory (the U.K./Dutch In-Transit Availability) shall not exceed $5,000,000; provided that, the U.K./Dutch In-Transit Availability
(after taking into effect the previous proviso) shall be reduced by the U.K./Dutch Expeditors Reserve if, as of any date of determination, either (I) U.K./Dutch Net Excess Availability is less than 10% of the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount,
or (II) there are any accounts payable owed by any U.K./Dutch Facility Obligor to Expeditors which are aged in excess of historical levels (except in cases of good faith disputes). 

U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank: Bank of America or an Affiliate of Bank of America. 

U.K./Dutch LC Obligations: the sum (without duplication) of (a) all amounts owing by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers for any drawings
under Letters of Credit; (b) the stated amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for the account of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers, which if such Letter of Credit is denominated in a currency other than Dollars, British Pounds or Euros, may
be stated by Agent (at its option) in Dollars, British Pounds or Euros calculated at the Spot Rate; and (c) all fees and other amounts owing with respect to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers. 

U.K./Dutch LC Reserve: the aggregate of all U.K./Dutch LC Obligations, other than those that have been Cash Collateralized. 

U.K./Dutch Lenders: each Lender that has issued a U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment (provided that such Person or an Affiliate of such
Person also has a U.S. Revolver Commitment). 

U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit Subline: $2,000,000. 

U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit: any standby or documentary letter of credit issued by the U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank for the account of the
U.K./Dutch Borrowers, or any indemnity, guarantee, exposure transmittal memorandum or similar form of credit support issued by Agent or the U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank for the benefit of a U.K./Dutch Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

U.K./Dutch Net Excess Availability: as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the U.K./Dutch Availability minus the
aggregate amount, if any, of all trade payables of U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors that are more than 60 days past due (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion) and all book overdrafts of U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors in excess
of historical practices with respect thereto, in each case as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

U.K./Dutch Overadvance:
as defined in Section 2.1.5. 

U.K./Dutch Overadvance Loan: a U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan made to a U.K./Dutch Borrower
when a U.K./Dutch Overadvance exists or is caused by the funding thereof. 

U.K./Dutch Overadvance Loan Balance: on any date, the
amount by which the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Exposure exceeds the amount of the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base on such date. 

U.K./Dutch Priority Payables Reserve: as of any date of determination, a reserve in such amount as the Agent may determine in its
Credit Judgment to reflect the full amount of any liabilities or amounts which (by virtue of any Liens or any statutory provision) rank or are capable of ranking in priority to the Agents Liens and/or for amounts which may represent costs
relating to the enforcement of the Agents 

78 

Liens including, without limitation, but only to the extent prescribed pursuant to English law and statute then in force, (i) amounts due to employees in respect of unpaid wages and holiday
pay, (ii) the amount of all scheduled but unpaid pension contributions, (iii) the prescribed part of floating charge realisations held for unsecured creditors, (iv) amounts due to HM Revenue and Customs in respect of value
added tax (VAT), pay as you earn (PAYE) (including student loan repayments), employee national insurance contributions and construction industry scheme deductions and amounts relating to any equivalent taxes in the Netherlands and (v) the
expenses and liabilities incurred by any administrator (or other insolvency officer) and any remuneration of such administrator (or other insolvency officer). 

U.K./Dutch Reimbursement Date: as defined in Section 2.2.2. 

U.K./Dutch Rent and Charges Reserve: the aggregate of (a) all past due rent and other amounts owing by an Obligor to any landlord,
warehouseman, processor, repairman, mechanic, shipper, freight forwarder, broker or other Person who possesses any U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral assets included in the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base or that consist of books and records related to any
U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral assets included in the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base, or could assert a Lien on any U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral assets included in the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base or that consist of books and records related to any
U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral assets included in the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base; and (b) a reserve at least equal to three months rent and other charges that are reasonably expected to be payable to any such Person, unless it has executed
a Lien Waiver. 

U.K./Dutch Required Lenders: U.K./Dutch Lenders (subject to Section 4.2) having (a) U.K./Dutch
Revolver Commitments in excess of 50% of the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments; and (b) if the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments have terminated, U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and U.K./Dutch LC Obligations in excess of 50% of all outstanding
U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and U.K./Dutch LC Obligations; provided, however, that the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments and U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from such calculation; provided, further, that at any time
there are: (i) 2 or more U.K./Dutch Lenders, U.K./Dutch Required Lenders must include at least 2 U.K./Dutch Lenders, and (ii) less than 2 U.K./Dutch Lenders, U.K./Dutch Required Lenders must include all U.K./Dutch
Lenders. 

U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment: for any U.K./Dutch Lender, its obligation to make U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and to
participate in U.K./Dutch LC Obligations, in the applicable Available Currencies, up to the maximum principal amount shown on Schedule 1.1, or as hereafter determined pursuant to each Assignment and Acceptance to which it is a party, as such
U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.1.4 or 11.2. U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments means the aggregate amount of such commitments of all
U.K./Dutch Lenders. 

U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date: the earliest of (a) the U.S. Revolver Commitment
Termination Date (without regard to the reason therefor), (b) the date on which the Borrower Agent terminates or reduces to zero all of the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments pursuant to Section 2.1.4, and (c) the date on which
the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments are terminated pursuant to Section 11.2. 

U.K./Dutch Revolver Exposure: on any
date, an amount equal to the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of the U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans outstanding on such date plus the U.K./Dutch LC Obligations on such date. 

U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan: a Revolver Loan made by U.K./Dutch Lenders to a U.K./Dutch Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.1(c),
which Revolver Loan shall be either a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan (which shall be denominated in Dollars only), a Term SOFR Loan (which shall be denominated in Dollars only), a SONIA Loan (which shall be denominated in British Pounds only) or a
EURIBOR Loan (which shall be denominated in Euros only) and any U.K./Dutch Swingline Loan, U.K./Dutch Overadvance Loan or Protective Advance made to or owed by a U.K./Dutch Borrower. 

79 

U.K./Dutch Revolver Notes: a promissory note executed by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers in
favor of a U.K./Dutch Lender in the form of Exhibit A-3, in the amount of such U.K./Dutch Lenders U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment. 

U.K./Dutch Swingline Loan: any Borrowing of U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans funded with Agents funds, until such Borrowing is settled
among the U.K./Dutch Lenders or repaid by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers. 

U.K./Dutch Unused Line Fee Rate: a per annum rate equal to
0.25%. 

U.K. Eligible Inventory: finished goods Inventory of Parent located in the U.K. that is boxed and labeled and that would
constitute Eligible Inventory of Parent but for the fact that it is not within the United States for purposes of clause (h)(ii) of the Eligible Inventory definition and it is not in transit between facilities in the United States of Parent for
purposes of clause (i)(i) the Eligible Inventory definition. For the avoidance of doubt, U.K. Eligible Inventory must comply with all other eligibility criteria set forth in the Eligible Inventory definition herein. 

U.K. Financial Institution: any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain
credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

U.K. Holdings:
Callaway Golf European Holding Company Limited, a company incorporated in England with company number 06468420. 

U.K. Inventory
Charge: the English law governed charge over Inventory dated as of December 23, 2002 among Parent, as U.S. Chargor thereunder, the Dutch Borrower, as Dutch Chargor thereunder, and Agent, as Agent thereunder. 

U.K. Inventory Formula Amount: as of any date of determination, (a) at all times the U.K. Inventory Charge is in full force and
effect, the lesser of (i) 75% of the Value of Parents U.K. Eligible Inventory and (ii) 85% of the NOLV Percentage of the Value of Parents U.K. Eligible Inventory, and (b) at all other times, $0. 

U.K. Non-Bank Lender: 

(a) where a Lender becomes a party to this Agreement on the day on which this Agreement is entered into, any Lender listed in Schedule
1.1D; and 

(b) where a Lender becomes a party to this Agreement after the day on which this Agreement is entered into, a Lender which
gives a U.K. Tax Confirmation in the assignment notice which it executes pursuant to, or in connection with, Section 13.3 below. 

U.K. Pledged Cash: the funds maintained in a blocked Deposit Account or securities account of a U.K. Borrower subject to a Deposit
Account Control Agreement or securities account control agreement, as applicable, which give Agent at all times exclusive access and control for withdrawal purposes to the exclusion of the U.K. Borrowers and precluding the U.K. Borrowers from
withdrawing or otherwise giving any instructions in connection therewith and which may not be withdrawn without the Agents prior written consent, and which are subject to effective security documents, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Agent, that provide Agent with a perfected first priority/ranking security interest in and Lien on such funds (subject to Liens of the depository bank having priority by law). 

80 

U.K. Qualified Lender: 

(i) a Lender (other than a Lender within paragraph (ii) below) which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in
respect of any advance under the Loan Documents and is: 

(A) a Lender: 

(1) 

which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (United Kingdom)
(ITA) making an advance under the Loan Documents; or 

(2) 

in respect of an advance made under the Loan Documents by a person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose
of section 879 of the ITA) at the time that that advance was made 

and with respect to (i)(A)(1) and (i)(A)(2), which is within the
charge to U.K. corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payments apart from section 18A of the Corporation Tax Act 2009 (United Kingdom)
(CTA); or 

(B) a Lender which is: 

(1) 

a company resident in the U.K. for U.K. tax purposes; 

(2) 

a partnership each member of which is: 

(a) a company so resident in the U.K.; or 

(b) a company not so resident in the U.K. which carries on a trade in the U.K. through a permanent establishment and which
brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA; or 

(3) 

a company not so resident in the U.K. which carries on a trade in the U.K. through a permanent establishment
and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company; or 

(C) a Treaty Lender; or 

(ii) a
building society (as defined for the purposes of section 880 of ITA) making an advance under the Loan Documents. 

U.K. Resolution
Authority: the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any U.K. Financial Institution. 

81 

U.K. Security Agreements: 

(a) the debenture dated 15 June 2012 and made by the Existing U.K. Borrower in favor of the Agent; 

(b) the supplemental debenture dated 18 December 2013 and made by the Existing U.K. Borrower in favor of the Agent; 

(c) the debenture dated 15 June 2012 and made by U.K. Holdings in favor of the Agent; 

(d) the debenture dated 20 November 2017 and made by the Existing U.K. Borrower in favor of the Agent; 

(e) the debenture dated 20 November 2017 and made by U.K. Holdings in favor of the Agent; 

(f) the debenture dated 17 May 2019 and made by the Existing U.K. Borrower in favor of the Agent; 

(g) the debenture dated 17 May 2019 and made by U.K. Holdings in favor of the Agent; and

(h) the
debenture dated 19 July 2023 and made by TopGolf Limited
in favor of the
Agent; and 

(hi) any other debenture, deed of charge or other similar agreement,
instrument or document governed by the laws of England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland, in each case now or hereafter securing (or given with the intent to secure) the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

U.K. Security Documents: the U.K. Security Agreements and any other similar agreement, instrument or document governed by the laws of
any jurisdiction, including Germany, in each case now or hereafter securing (or given with the intent to secure) the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

U.K. Subsidiary: a Subsidiary of Parent incorporated or organized under the laws of England and Wales. 

U.K. Tax Confirmation: a confirmation by a Lender that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to it in respect of an
advance under a Loan Document is either: 

(a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes; 

(b) a partnership each member of which is: 

(i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or 

(ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent
establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of Section 19 of CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of CTA; or

(c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and
which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of Section 19 of CTA) of that company. 

U.K. Tax Payment: as defined in Section 5.9.2(m). 

82 

Unrestricted Subsidiary: any (a) subsidiary of the Parent that is listed on
Schedule 10.1.10 hereto or designated by the Parent as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 10.1.10 and (b) any subsidiary of any Person described in clause (a) above. 

U.S. Accounts Formula Amount: the sum of (a)(i) as of any date of determination within the period beginning on May 1 through and
including October 31 of each Fiscal Year, 85% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the U.S. Borrowers; and (ii) as of any date of determination within the period beginning on November 1 through and including April 30 of each
Fiscal Year, 90% of the Value of Eligible Accounts of the U.S. Borrowers (or 85% of the Value solely with respect to Eligible Accounts of the U.S. Borrowers arising from the Topgolf Business), plus (b) (i) 90% of the Value of
Eligible Credit Card Receivables of the U.S. Domiciled Obligors arising from the Topgolf Business. 

U.S. Availability: as of any
date of determination, the U.S. Borrowing Base as of such date of determination minus the aggregate principal amount of U.S. Revolver Loans outstanding on such date of determination. 

U.S. Availability Reserve: the sum (without duplication) of (a) the Inventory Reserve with respect to the U.S. Borrowers
Inventory; (b) the U.S. Rent and Charges Reserve; (c) the U.S. LC Reserve; (d) the U.S. Bank Product Reserve; (e) all accrued Royalties of the U.S. Facility Obligors, whether or not then due and payable by a U.S. Facility
Obligor; (f) the aggregate amount of liabilities secured by Liens upon U.S. Facility Collateral assets included in the U.S. Borrowing Base that are senior to the Agents Liens (but imposition of any such reserve shall not waive an Event of
Default arising therefrom); (g) the U.S. Dilution Reserve; (h) the Canadian Overadvance Loan Balance, if any, outstanding on such date; (i) the German
Overadvance Loan Balance, if any, outstanding on such date,[reserved]; (j) the U.K./Dutch Overadvance Loan Balance, if any, outstanding on such date; and (k) such additional reserves, in such amounts and with respect to such matters, as Agent in its Credit Judgment may
elect to impose from time to time with respect to the U.S. Borrowing Base. 

U.S. Bank Product Reserve: the aggregate amount
of reserves established by Agent from time to time in its discretion in respect of Secured Bank Product Obligations owing by the U.S. Domiciled Obligors and their Subsidiaries. 

U.S. Bankruptcy Code: Title 11 of the United States Code. 

U.S. Base Rate: for any day, a per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) the U.S. Prime Rate for such day; (b) the Federal
Funds Rate for such day, plus 0.50%; or (c) Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as determined on such day, plus 1.0%; provided, that in no event shall the U.S. Base Rate be less than 1.0%. 

U.S. Base Rate Loan: a Loan that bears interest based on the U.S. Base Rate. 

U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loan: a Revolver Loan that bears interest based on the U.S. Base Rate. 

U.S. Borrowers: as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 

U.S. Borrowing Base: on any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the result of: (i) the Maximum U.S.
Facility Amount, minus (ii) the U.S. LC Reserve, minus (iii) the Canadian Overadvance Loan Balance, if any, outstanding on such date, minus (iv) the U.K./Dutch Overadvance Loan Balance, if any, outstanding on such date, minus (v) the German Overadvance Loan Balance, if any, outstanding on such date; or (b) the result of:
(i) the U.S. Accounts Formula Amount, plus (ii) the U.S. Inventory Formula Amount, plus (iii) the U.S. Trademark Formula Amount, plus (iv) the U.S. Real Estate 

83 

Formula Amount, plus (v) 100% of the amount of U.S. Pledged Cash, plus (vi) the lesser of (A) 85% of the Bays NOLV of Eligible Toptracer Bays of the U.S. Borrowers, and
(B) the aggregate per bay unit cost of Eligible Toptracer Bays of the U.S. Borrowers as set forth on the U.S. Borrowers books and records, plus (vi) the Mexican Inventory Formula Amount, plus (vii) the U.K. Inventory Formula
Amount, minus (viii) the U.S. Availability Reserve; provided, that clause (b)(iv) above may be removed from such calculation in accordance with Section 2.1.4(d). Notwithstanding the forgoing, the aggregate amount of the U.K./Dutch
Borrowing Base and U.S. Borrowing Base which may be attributed to Eligible Toptracer Bays shall not exceed the lesser of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) an amount equal to 10% of the Maximum Facility Amount. 

U.S. Borrowing Base Certificate: a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, by which the U.S. Borrowers
certify calculation of the U.S. Borrowing Base. 

U.S. Cash Collateral Account: a demand deposit, money market or other account
established by Agent at Bank of America or such other financial institution as Agent may select in its Credit Judgment, which account shall be for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall be subject to Agents Liens securing the
Obligations. 

U.S. Dilution Reserve: as of any date of determination, an amount sufficient to reduce the advance rate against
Eligible Accounts of the U.S. Borrowers by one (1) percentage point for each whole percentage point (or portion thereof) by which the Dilution Percent is in excess of 5.0%. 

U.S. Domiciled Obligor: each of the Parent, any U.S. Borrower or any U.S. Subsidiary which it is at any time an Obligor, and
U.S. Domiciled Obligors means all such Persons, collectively. 

U.S. Dominion Account: a special account
established by the U.S. Borrowers at Bank of America or another bank acceptable to Agent in its Credit Judgment, over which Agent has exclusive control for withdrawal purposes during any Dominion Trigger Period. 

U.S. Expeditors Reserve: as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of accounts payable owed by any U.S. Facility Obligor to
Expeditors, as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

U.S. Facility Collateral: all Collateral that now or hereafter secures
(or is intended to secure) any of the U.S. Facility Obligations, including Property of each U.S. Domiciled Obligor. 

U.S. Facility
Guarantee: each guarantee agreement (including this Agreement) at any time executed by a U.S. Facility Guarantor in favor of Agent guaranteeing all or any portion of the U.S. Facility Obligations. 

U.S. Facility Guarantor: each U.S. Subsidiary party hereto from time to time and each other Person (if any) who guarantees payment and
performance of any U.S. Facility Obligations. 

U.S. Facility Obligations: all Obligations of the U.S. Facility Obligors (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations of the U.S. Domiciled Obligors as guarantors of the Canadian Facility Obligations, German Facility Obligations
and U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations). 

U.S. Facility Obligor: each
of any U.S. Borrower or any U.S. Facility Guarantor, and U.S. Facility Obligors means all of such Persons, collectively. 

U.S. Facility Secured Parties: the Agent, the U.S. Issuing Banks, the U.S. Lenders and the Secured Bank Product Providers who provide
Bank Products to the U.S. Facility Obligors and their Subsidiaries. 

84 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day: any day, except for (a) a Saturday,
(b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

U.S. Inventory Formula Amount: as of any date of determination, the lesser of (a) 75% of the Value of such U.S.
Borrowers Eligible Inventory; or (b) 85% of the NOLV Percentage of the Value of the U.S. Borrowers Eligible Inventory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) the aggregate amount of the U.S. Inventory Formula Amount which may be
attributed to Eligible In-Transit Inventory (the U.S. In-Transit Availability) shall not exceed $50,000,000; provided that, the U.S. In-Transit Availability (after taking into effect the previous proviso) shall be
reduced by the U.S. Expeditors Reserve if, as of any date of determination, either (I) U.S. Net Excess Availability is less than 10% of the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount, or (II) there are any accounts payable owed by any U.S. Facility Obligor
to Expeditors which are aged in excess of historical levels (except in cases of good faith disputes); and (2) so long as there is no Lien Waiver then in place with respect thereto, the aggregate amount of the U.S. Inventory Formula Amount which
may be attributed to Eligible Costco Inventory shall not exceed $20,000,000. 

U.S. Issuing Banks: Bank of America (or an Affiliate
or branch of Bank of America), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

U.S. LC Obligations: the sum (without duplication) of (a) all
amounts owing by the U.S. Borrowers for any drawings under Letters of Credit; (b) the stated amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for the account of any U.S. Borrower, which if such Letter of Credit is denominated in a currency
other than Dollars, may be stated by Agent (at its option) in Dollars calculated at the Spot Rate; and (c) all fees and other amounts owing with respect to Letters of Credit issued for the account of any U.S. Borrower. 

U.S. LC Reserve: the aggregate of all U.S. LC Obligations, other than those that have been Cash Collateralized. 

U.S. Lenders: Bank of America and each other Lender (other than Canadian Lenders, German Lenders or U.K./Dutch Lenders) party hereto. 

U.S. Letter of Credit Subline: $40,000,000. 

U.S. Letters of Credit: any standby or documentary letter of credit issued by any U.S. Issuing Bank for the account of the U.S.
Borrowers (or any U.S. Borrower), or any indemnity, guarantee, exposure transmittal memorandum or similar form of credit support issued by Agent or any U.S. Issuing Bank for the benefit of any U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and shall
include the Existing Letters of Credit. 

U.S. Net Excess Availability: as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the U.S.
Availability minus the aggregate amount, if any, of all trade payables of U.S. Domiciled Obligors that are more than 60 days past due (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion) and all book overdrafts of U.S. Domiciled Obligors
in excess of historical practices with respect thereto, in each case as determined by Agent in its Credit Judgment. 

U.S.
Overadvance: as defined in Section 2.1.5. 

U.S. Overadvance Loan: a U.S. Revolver Loan made to the U.S. Borrowers
or the amount owed by the U.S. Borrowers when a U.S. Overadvance exists or is caused by the funding thereof. 

85 

U.S. Pledged Cash: the funds maintained in a blocked Deposit Account or securities
account of a U.S. Borrower subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or securities account control agreement, as applicable, which give Agent at all times exclusive access and control for withdrawal purposes to the exclusion of the U.S.
Borrowers and precluding the U.S. Borrowers from withdrawing or otherwise giving any instructions in connection therewith and which may not be withdrawn without the Agents prior written consent (such consent not to be withheld if (i) upon
and after giving effect to such withdrawal, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) immediately after such withdrawal (for clarification, including after giving effect to any recalculation of the U.S.
Borrowing Base upon giving effect to such withdrawal), U.S. Availability would be a positive number), and which are subject to effective security documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, that provide Agent with a perfected
first priority/ranking security interest in and Lien on such funds (subject to Liens of the depository bank having priority by law). 

U.S. Prime Rate: the rate of interest announced by Bank of America from time to time as its prime rate. Such rate is set by Bank of
America on the basis of various factors, including its costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such rate. Any change in
such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 

U.S. Real Estate Formula Amount: as of any date of determination, the lesser of (a) 80% of the fair market value of the Eligible
Real Estate, as determined from the most recent appraisal of such Real Estate performed by an appraiser and on terms reasonably satisfactory to Agent; or (b) $33,120,000 (such amount in this clause (b) to be reduced by $552,000 on the
first day of each calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar quarter beginning on July 1, 2023). 

U.S. Reimbursement Date:
as defined in Section 2.3.2.

U.S. Rent and Charges Reserve: the aggregate of (a) all past due rent and other amounts
owing by an Obligor to any landlord, warehouseman, processor, repairman, mechanic, shipper, freight forwarder, broker or other Person who possesses any U.S. Facility Collateral assets included in the U.S. Borrowing Base or which constitute books and
records related to any U.S. Facility Collateral assets included in the U.S. Borrowing Base, or could assert a Lien on any U.S. Facility Collateral assets included in the U.S. Borrowing Base or which constitute books and records related to any U.S.
Facility Collateral assets included in the U.S. Borrowing Base; and (b) a reserve at least equal to three months rent and other charges that are reasonably expected to be payable to any such Person, unless it has executed a Lien Waiver.

U.S. Required Lenders: U.S. Lenders (subject to Section 4.2) having (a) U.S. Revolver Commitments in excess of
50% of the aggregate U.S. Revolver Commitments; and (b) if the U.S. Revolver Commitments have terminated, U.S. Revolver Loans and U.S. LC Obligations in excess of 50% of all outstanding U.S. Revolver Loans and U.S. LC Obligations;
provided, however, that the Commitments and Loans of any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from such calculation; provided, further, that at any time there are: (i) 2 or more U.S. Lenders with U.S. Revolver
Commitments or outstanding U.S. Revolver Loans or U.S. LC Obligations, U.S. Required Lenders must include at least 2 such U.S. Lenders, and (ii) less than 2 U.S. Lenders with U.S. Revolver Commitments or outstanding U.S. Revolver
Loans or U.S. LC Obligations, U.S. Required Lenders must include all such U.S. Lenders. 

U.S. Revolver Commitment: for
any U.S. Lender, its obligation to make U.S. Revolver Loans and to participate in U.S. LC Obligations up to the maximum principal amount shown on Schedule 1.1, or as hereafter determined pursuant to each Assignment and Acceptance to which it
is a party, as such U.S. Revolver Commitment may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.1.4, 2.1.7, or 11.2. U.S. Revolver Commitments means the aggregate amount of such
commitments of all U.S. Lenders. 

86 

U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date: the earliest of (a) the Facility
Termination Date, (b) the date on which the Borrower Agent terminates or reduces to zero the U.S. Revolver Commitments pursuant to Section 2.1.4, and (c) the date on which the U.S. Revolver Commitments are terminated pursuant
to Section 11.2. 

U.S. Revolver Exposure: on any date, an amount equal to the sum of the U.S. Revolver Loans
outstanding on such date plus the U.S. LC Obligations on such date. 

U.S. Revolver Loan: a Revolver Loan made by a U.S.
Lender to a U.S. Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.1(a), which Loan shall be denominated in Dollars and shall be either a U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loan or a Term SOFR Loan, in each case as selected by Borrower Agent, and any U.S. Swingline
Loan, U.S. Overadvance Loan or Protective Advance made to or owed by the U.S. Borrowers. 

U.S. Revolver Notes: a promissory note
executed by U.S. Borrowers in favor of a U.S. Lender in the form of Exhibit A-2, in the amount of such U.S. Lenders U.S. Revolver Commitment. 

U.S. Subsidiary: a Subsidiary of Parent that is organized under the laws of a state of the United States or the District of Columbia.

U.S. Swingline Loan: any Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans funded with Agents funds, until such Borrowing is
settled among the U.S. Lenders or repaid by the U.S. Borrowers. 

U.S. Trademark Formula Amount: as of any date of determination,
the lesser of (a) 40% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the Company Trademark; or (b) $75,000,000. 

U.S. Unused Line
Fee Rate: a per annum rate equal to 0.25%. 

Value: (a) for Inventory, its Dollar Equivalent value determined on the basis
of the lower of cost or market, calculated on a first-in, first-out basis, and excluding any portion of cost attributable to intercompany profit among Borrowers and their Affiliates; and (b) for an
Account, its Dollar Equivalent face amount, net of any returns, rebates, discounts (calculated on the shortest terms), credits, allowances or Taxes (including sales, excise or other taxes) that have been or could be claimed by the Account Debtor or
any other Person. 

Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve: on any date of determination, a reserve established from time to time by
Agent in its Credit Judgment in such amount as Agent determines reflects the amounts that may become due under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada) with respect to the employees of any Obligor employed in Canada which would give
rise to a Lien with priority under Requirements of Law over the Lien of Agent. 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity: when applied to
any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled
payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then
outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that the effect of any prepayment made in respect of such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 

87 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary: of any Person means a subsidiary of such Person, 100% of the
Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by Requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such
Person. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers: (i) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion
powers of the applicable EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, (ii) with respect to the United Kingdom,
any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any U.K. Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert
all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in
respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers and (iii) with respect to any other applicable Bail-In Legislation, any powers under that Bail-In Legislation
to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a
liability of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or
instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers and any
similar or analogous powers under that Bail-In Legislation. 

1.2 Accounting Terms.

1.2.1. Under the Loan Documents (except as otherwise specified herein), all accounting terms shall be interpreted, all accounting
determinations shall be made, and all financial statements shall be prepared, in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the most recent audited financial statements of Obligors delivered to Agent before the Closing Date and using
the same inventory valuation method as used in such financial statements, except for any change required or permitted by GAAP if Obligors certified public accountants concur in such change, the change is disclosed to Agent, and
Section 10.3 and any other provision hereof are amended in a manner satisfactory to Required Lenders to take into account the effects of the change, if any. No calculations under the Loan Documents shall give effect to any such change
prior to any such amendment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph, in the definition of Capital Lease or any other provision of any Loan Document, only those leases (assuming for purposes hereof that such
leases were in existence on the date hereof) that would constitute Capital Leases in conformity with GAAP prior to the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February 25, 2016 of an Accounting Standards Update shall be
considered Capital Leases and/or Indebtedness for purposes hereof, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. 

1.2.2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Section 1.5 hereof, all financial ratios and tests
(including the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA but excluding Net Excess Availability) contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any Test Period during
which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such Test Period and such Subject Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the beginning of any such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required
calculation of any financial ratio or test (x) any Subject Transaction has occurred or (y) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Parent or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries or any joint venture since the beginning of such Test Period 

88 

has consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period as if such Subject Transaction
had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets (or with respect to any determination pertaining to the balance sheet, including the acquisition of Cash and Cash Equivalents), as of the last
day of such Test Period). 

1.3 Uniform Commercial Code/PPSA. As used herein, the following terms are defined in accordance
with the UCC in effect in the State of New York from time to time: Chattel Paper, Commercial Tort Claim, Equipment, Goods, Instrument, Investment Property,
Letter-of-Credit Right and Supporting Obligation and, as such terms relate to any such Property located in Canada or of any Canadian Domiciled Obligor, such terms shall refer to such Property as defined in the PPSA (to the
extent such terms are defined therein). 

1.4 Certain Matters of Construction. The terms herein,
hereof, hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision. Any pronoun used shall be deemed to cover all genders. In the computation of
periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, from means from and including, and to and until each mean to but excluding. The terms including and
include shall mean including, without limitation and, for purposes of each Loan Document, the parties agree that the rule of ejusdem generis shall not be applicable to limit any provision. Section titles appear as a
matter of convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of any Loan Document. All references to (a) laws or statutes include all related rules, regulations, interpretations, amendments and successor provisions; (b) any document,
instrument or agreement include any amendments, waivers and other modifications, extensions or renewals (to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents); (c) any section mean, unless the context otherwise requires, a section of this Agreement;
(d) any exhibits or schedules mean, unless the context otherwise requires, exhibits and schedules attached hereto, which are hereby incorporated by reference; (e) any Person include successors and assigns; (f) except as otherwise
specified herein, time of day means time of day at Agents notice address under Section 14.3.1; (g) discretion of Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender mean the sole and absolute discretion of such Person, except as otherwise
expressly provided herein; or (h) or shall not be exclusive and shall have the inclusive meaning of the term and/or. Except as expressly otherwise provided herein, all calculations of Value, fundings of Loans, issuances
of Letters of Credit and payments of Obligations shall be in Dollars and, unless the context otherwise requires, all determinations (including calculations of Borrowing Base and financial covenants) made from time to time under the Loan Documents
shall be made in light of the circumstances existing at such time. Borrowing Base calculations shall be consistent with historical methods of valuation and calculation, and otherwise satisfactory to Agent in its Credit Judgment (and not necessarily
calculated in accordance with GAAP). No provision of any Loan Documents shall be construed against any party by reason of such party having, or being deemed to have, drafted the provision. Whenever the phrase to the best of an Obligors
knowledge or words of similar import are used in any Loan Documents, it means actual knowledge of a Senior Officer of such Obligor, or knowledge that a Senior Officer of such Obligor would have obtained if he or she had engaged in good faith
and diligent performance of his or her duties, including reasonably specific inquiries of employees or agents and a good faith attempt to ascertain the matter to which such phrase relates. For purposes of determining compliance at any time with
Sections 10.2.1, 10.2.2, 10.2.4, 10.2.5, 10.2.6, 10.2.7 and 10.2.9, in the event that any Indebtedness, Lien, contractual restriction, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment,
Disposition or affiliate transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of such Sections 10.2.1, 10.2.2, 10.2.4, 10.2.5,
10.2.6, 10.2.7 and 10.2.9, the Parent, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify (as if incurred on such later date) such transaction or item (or portion thereof) and will only be required to include
the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one category; provided that, upon delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 10.1.1(a) or (b) or Borrowing Base Certificate pursuant to
Section 8.1 following the initial incurrence of any such transactions incurred 

89 

in reliance on any Fixed Amount under any such Sections, if such transaction (or any portion thereof) could be incurred at such later time under any Incurrence-Based Amount under such Section,
such transaction (or portion thereof) shall be automatically reclassified as having been made in reliance on such Incurrence-Based Amount. It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment,
burdensome agreement, Investment, Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, burdensome agreement, Investment,
Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction under Sections 10.2.1, 10.2.2, 10.2.4, 10.2.5, 10.2.6, 10.2.7 and 10.2.9, respectively, and may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof, but
the Parent will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in one such category (or combination thereof). 

1.5 Calculations and Tests.

1.5.1. All references in the Loan Documents to Loans, Letters of Credit, Obligations, Borrowing Base components and other amounts shall be
denominated in Dollars, unless expressly provided otherwise. The Dollar equivalent of any amounts denominated or reported under a Loan Document in a currency other than Dollars shall be determined by Agent on a daily basis, based on the current Spot
Rate. Borrowers shall report Value and other Borrowing Base components to Agent in the currency invoiced by Obligors or shown in Obligors financial records, and unless expressly provided otherwise, shall deliver financial statements and
calculate financial covenants in Dollars. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any Obligation is funded and expressly denominated in a currency other than Dollars, Obligors shall repay such Obligation in such other currency. 

1.5.2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require (i) compliance with any
financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, any Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test) and/or any cap expressed as a percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets, (ii) the absence of a Default or Event of
Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) or (iii) the accuracy of any representations and warranties as a condition to (A) the consummation of any transaction in connection with any acquisition or similar Investment (including
the assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens and any other transaction in connection therewith), (B) the making of any Restricted Payment (including the assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens and any other transaction in
connection therewith) and/or (C) the making of any Restricted Debt Payment (including the assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens and any other transaction in connection therewith), the determination of whether the relevant condition
is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Borrower Agent, (1) in the case of any acquisition or similar Investment (including the assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens and any other transaction in connection therewith), at
the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (x) the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such acquisition or Investment or (y) the consummation of
such acquisition or Investment, (2) in the case of any Restricted Payment (including the incurrence of any Indebtedness and Liens and any other transaction in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements
for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) (x) the declaration of such Restricted Payment or (y) the making of such Restricted Payment and (3) in the case of any Restricted Debt Payment (including the incurrence of any
Indebtedness and Liens and any other transaction in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) (x) delivery of irrevocable (which may be
conditional) notice with respect to such Restricted Debt Payment or (y) the making of such Restricted Debt Payment, in each case, after giving effect, on a Pro Forma Basis, to (I) the relevant acquisition, Investment, Restricted Payment,
Restricted Debt Payment and/or any related Indebtedness (including the intended use of proceeds thereof) and Liens and (II) to the extent definitive documents in respect thereof have been executed or the declaration of any Restricted Payment has
been made or delivery of notice with respect to a Restricted Debt Payment has been given (which definitive documents, declaration or notice has not terminated or expired 

90 

without the consummation thereof), any additional acquisition, Investment, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment and/or any related Indebtedness (including the intended use of proceeds
thereof) and Liens that the Borrower Agent has elected to treat in accordance with this Section 1.5.2; provided, however, with respect to any provision hereof that requires minimum Net Excess Availability, compliance with such Net Excess
Availability test shall be made at the time set forth in the applicable clause (y) instead the time set forth in the applicable clause (x). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower Agent has elected the option set forth in clause (x) of
any of the preceding clauses (1), (2) or (3) in respect of any transaction, then the Borrower Agent shall be permitted to consummate such transaction (and such related transactions) even if any applicable test ceases to be satisfied
subsequent to the Borrower Agents election of such option, subject to the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. 

1.5.3. For
purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, any Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test and/or any Net Excess Availability
test and/or the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated at the time such action is taken (subject to Section 1.5.2 above), such change is made, such transaction is
consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after the time such action is taken, such change is
made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. 

1.5.4. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
with respect to any amount incurred or transaction entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, any Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio test and/or any Net Excess Availability test) (any such amount, a Fixed Amount) substantially concurrently with any amount incurred or transaction entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement
that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, any Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test and/or any Net Excess Availability test) (any such amount, an Incurrence-Based Amount), it is understood
and agreed that (i) any Fixed Amount shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test (other than with respect to Net Excess Availability) applicable to the relevant Incurrence-Based Amount and (ii) pro forma effect
shall be given to the entire transaction. 

1.5.5. The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security
constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Parent dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

1.5.6. The increase in any amount secured by any Lien by virtue of the accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of
interest or a dividend in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and/or any increase in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of any fluctuation in the exchange rate of any applicable
currency will not be deemed to be the granting of a Lien for purposes of Section 10.2.2. 

1.6 Interpretation (Quebec).
For purposes of any Collateral located in the Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Loan Document) and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or construction of a Loan Document may be subject to the
laws of the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the Province of Qubec, (a) personal property shall be deemed to include movable property, (b) real property shall
be deemed to include immovable property, (c) tangible property shall be deemed to include corporeal property, (d) intangible property shall be deemed to include incorporeal
property, (e) security interest and mortgage shall be deemed to include a hypothec, (f) all references to filing, registering or recording under the UCC or the PPSA shall be deemed to include
publication under the Civil Code of Qubec, (g) all 

91 

references to perfection of or perfected Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to the opposability of such Liens to third parties, (h) any
right of offset, right of setoff or similar expression shall be deemed to include a right of compensation, (i) goods shall be deemed to include corporeal movable property other than
chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, (j) an agent shall be deemed to include a mandatary (k) construction liens shall be deemed to include legal hypothecs,
(l) joint and several shall be deemed to include solidary, (m) gross negligence or willful misconduct shall be deemed to be intentional or gross fault, (n) beneficial
ownership shall be deemed to include ownership on behalf of another as mandatary, (o) servitude shall be deemed to include easement, (p) priority shall be deemed to include prior
claim, (q) survey shall be deemed to include certificate of location and plan, (r) fee simple title shall be deemed to include absolute ownership and (s) foreclosure
shall be deemed to include the exercise of a hypothecary right. For purposes of greater certainty, the reference to the Loan Agreement in the deed of hypothec dated November 3, 2017 executed by the Canadian Borrower in
favor of the Agent means this Agreement. 

1.7 Interpretation (The Netherlands). In this Agreement, where it relates to a
Dutch Person, a reference to (a) a necessary action to authorise, where applicable, includes without limitation: (i) any action required to comply with the Dutch Works Councils Act (Wet op de ondernemingsraden), and
(ii) obtaining a positive advice (positief advies) from the competent works council(s), (b) a security interest includes any mortgage (hypotheek), pledge (pandrecht), retention of title arrangement
(eigendomsvoorbehoud), privilege (voorrecht), right of retention (recht van retentie), right to reclaim goods (recht van reclame), and, in general, any right in rem (beperkt recht), created for the purpose of
granting security (goederenrechtelijk zekerheidsrecht), (c) a winding-up, administration or dissolution includes a Dutch person being declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard) or dissolved (ontbonden), (d) a moratorium or
suspension of payments includes a sursearce van betaling and granted a moratorium or suspension of payments includes surseance verleend, (e) any step or procedure taken in connection with insolvency proceedings includes a Dutch
person having filed a notice under section 36 of the Tax Collection Act of the Netherlands (Invorderingswet 1990), (e) a trustee, receiver or administrator includes a curator, (g) an administrator includes a
bewindvoerder, (h) a liquidator includes a vereffenaar, (i) an attachment includes a beslag, (j) a group includes a groep, (k) a subsidiary includes a dochtermaatschappij, (l) an affiliate
includes a groepsmaatschappij, (m) a merger includes a juridische fusie, aandelenfusie and bedrijfsfusie, and (n) a director includes a bestuurder. 

1.8 Interpretation (the U.K.). For the purposes of the U.K. Security Agreements, on and from the Sixth Amendment Effective Date,
any reference to a U.K. Facility Obligor, U.K. Lender and U.K. Borrower in a U.K. Security Agreement shall be deemed to be reference to a U.K./Dutch Facility Obligor, U.K./Dutch Lender and
U.K./Dutch Borrower (respectively). 

SECTION 2. CREDIT FACILITIES 

2.1 Revolver Commitments. 

2.1.1. Revolver Loans. 

(a) U.S. Revolver Loans to U.S. Borrowers. Each U.S. Lender agrees, severally and not jointly with the other U.S. Lenders, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, to make U.S. Revolver Loans to the U.S. Borrowers on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, not to exceed in aggregate
principal amount outstanding at any time such U.S. Lenders U.S. Revolver Commitment at such time, which U.S. Revolver Loans may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement; provided,
however, that such U.S. Lenders shall have no obligation to the U.S. Borrowers whatsoever to honor any request for a U.S. Revolver Loan on or after the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date

92 

or if the amount of the proposed U.S. Revolver Loan exceeds U.S. Availability on the proposed funding date for such U.S. Revolver Loan. Each Borrowing of U.S. Revolver Loans shall be funded by
the U.S. Lenders on a Pro Rata basis. The U.S. Revolver Loans shall bear interest as set forth in Section 3.1. Each U.S. Revolver Loan shall, at the option of the Borrower Agent, be made or continued as, or converted into, part of one or
more Borrowings that, unless specifically provided herein, shall consist entirely of U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans or Term SOFR Revolver Loans. The U.S. Revolver Loans shall be repaid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and shall be
secured by all of the U.S. Facility Collateral. U.S. Borrowers shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all of the U.S. Revolver Loans. Each U.S. Revolver Loan shall be funded and repaid in Dollars. 

(b) Canadian Revolver Loans to Canadian Borrower. Each Canadian Lender agrees, severally and not jointly with the other Canadian
Lenders, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, to make Canadian Revolver Loans to the Canadian Borrower on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date, not to
exceed in aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time such Canadian Lenders Canadian Revolver Commitment at such time, which Canadian Revolver Loans may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the terms and provisions of this
Agreement; provided, however, that such Canadian Lenders shall have no obligation to the Canadian Borrower whatsoever to honor any request for a Canadian Revolver Loan on or after the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date or if
the amount of the proposed Canadian Revolver Loan exceeds Canadian Availability on the proposed funding date for such Canadian Revolver Loan. Each Borrowing of Canadian Revolver Loans shall be funded by the Canadian Lenders on a Pro Rata basis. The
Canadian Revolver Loans shall bear interest as set forth in Section 3.1. Each Canadian Revolver Loan shall, at the option of the Borrower Agent, be made or continued as, or converted into, part of one or more Borrowings that, unless
specifically provided herein, shall consist entirely of Canadian Prime Rate Loans or Term CORRA Loans if denominated in Canadian Dollars, or shall consist entirely of Canadian Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Revolver Loans if denominated in Dollars.
The Canadian Revolver Loans shall be repaid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and shall be secured by all of the Canadian Facility Collateral. Each Canadian Revolver Loan shall be funded in Canadian Dollars or, at the option of the
Borrower Agent, Dollars and repaid in the same currency as such underlying Canadian Revolver Loan was made. 

(c) U.K./Dutch Revolver
Loans to U.K./Dutch Borrowers. Each U.K./Dutch Lender agrees, severally and not jointly with the other U.K./Dutch Lenders, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, to make U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans to the U.K./Dutch
Borrowers on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, not to exceed in aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time such U.K./Dutch Lenders U.K./Dutch Revolver
Commitment at such time, which U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that such U.K./Dutch Lenders shall have no obligation to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers
whatsoever to honor any request for a U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan on or after the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date or if the amount of the proposed U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan exceeds U.K./Dutch Availability on the proposed funding date for
such U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan. Each Borrowing of U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans shall be funded by the U.K./Dutch Lenders on a Pro Rata basis. The U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans shall bear interest as set forth in Section 3.1. Each U.K./Dutch
Revolver Loan shall, at the option of the Borrower Agent, be made or continued as, or converted into, part of one or more Borrowings that, unless specifically provided herein, shall consist entirely of U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Revolver
Loans, EURIBOR Loans or SONIA Loans. The U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans shall be repaid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and shall be secured by all of the U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral. Each U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan shall be funded in
Dollars (in the case of Term SOFR Loans), British Pounds (in the case of SONIA Loans), Euros (in the case of EURIBOR Loans) and Dollars (in the case of U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans) and shall be repaid in the same currency as such underlying
U.K./Dutch Revolver Loan was made. 

93 

(d)
German Revolver Loans to German Borrower. Each
German Lender agrees, severally and not jointly with the other German Lenders, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, to make German Revolver Loans to the German Borrower on any Business Day during the period from the Closing
Date to the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date, not to exceed in aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time such German Lenders German Revolver Commitment at such time, which German Revolver Loans may be repaid and reborrowed
in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that such German Lenders shall have no obligation to the German Borrower whatsoever to honor any request for a German Revolver Loan on or after the German Revolver
Commitment Termination Date or if the amount of the proposed German Revolver Loan exceeds German Availability on the proposed funding date for such German Revolver Loan. Each Borrowing of German Revolver Loans shall be funded by the German Lenders
on a Pro Rata basis. The German Revolver Loans shall bear interest as set forth in Section 3.1. Each German Revolver Loan shall, at the option of the Borrower Agent, be made or continued as, or converted into, part of one or more
Borrowings that, unless specifically provided herein, shall consist entirely of German Base Rate Loans, SONIA Loans, EURIBOR Loans, SARON Loans or Term SOFR Revolver Loans. The German Revolver Loans shall be repaid in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement and shall be secured by all of the German Facility Collateral. Each German Revolver Loan shall be funded in Dollars (in the case of Term SOFR Loans or German Base Rate Loans), British Pounds (in the case of SONIA Loans), Swiss Francs
(in the case of SARON Loans) and Euros (in the case of EURIBOR Loans) and shall be repaid in the same currency as such underlying German Revolver Loan was made.

(d)
[Reserved].

(e) Maximum Total Revolver Exposure. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.1.1, in no event shall any Borrower be entitled to receive a Revolver Loan if, at the time of the proposed funding of such Loan (and after giving effect thereto and all pending
requests for Loans), the Total Revolver Exposure exceeds (or would exceed) the lesser of the Maximum Facility Amount and the Revolver Commitments. 

2.1.2. Revolver Notes. The Revolver Loans made by each Lender and interest accruing thereon shall be evidenced by the records of Agent
and such Lender. At the request of any Lender, the U.S. Borrowers and/or the Canadian Borrower and/or the U.K./Dutch Borrowers and/or the German Borrower
shall execute and deliver a U.S. Revolver Note and/or a Canadian Revolver Note and/or a U.K./Dutch Revolver
Note and/or a German Revolver Note, respectively, to such Lender in the amount of such Lenders applicable Revolver
Commitment(s). 

2.1.3. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of Revolver Loans shall be used by Borrowers solely (a) to satisfy
existing Indebtedness on the Closing Date; (b) to pay fees and transaction expenses associated with the closing of this credit facility; (c) to pay Obligations in accordance with this Agreement; and (d) for working capital and other
lawful corporate purposes not prohibited by this Agreement. Borrowers shall not, directly or knowingly indirectly, use any Letter of Credit or Loan proceeds, nor use, lend, contribute or otherwise make available any Letter of Credit or Loan proceeds
to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (i) to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of issuance of the Letter of Credit or funding of the Loan, is the target of
a Sanction; or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of a Sanction by any Person (including any Secured Party or other individual or entity participating in the transaction) or in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws. 

94 

2.1.4. Voluntary Reallocation, Reduction or Termination of Revolver Commitments. 

(a) Termination of a Revolver Commitment. 

(i) The Canadian Revolver Commitments shall terminate on the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the U.K./Dutch
Revolver Commitments shall terminate on the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the German Revolver Commitments shall terminate on the German Revolver
Commitment Termination Date, and the U.S. Revolver Commitments shall terminate on the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, in each case, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this
Agreement. 

(ii) Upon at least 10 days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Agent) prior written notice
to Agent from the Borrower Agent (or, with respect to the German Facility Termination, upon written notice at any time on or prior to the date that the German Revolver
Commitments are to be terminated pursuant to such notice), (A) U.S. Borrowers may, at their option, terminate the U.S. Revolver Commitments and this credit facility and/or (B) the
Canadian Borrower may, at its option, terminate the Canadian Revolver Commitments and/or (C) the U.K./Dutch Borrowers may, at their option, terminate the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments and/or (D) the German Borrower may, at its option, terminate the German Revolver Commitments, in each case,
without premium or penalty (other than funding losses payable pursuant to Section 3.9). If the U.S. Borrowers elect to reduce to zero or terminate the U.S. Revolver Commitments pursuant to the previous sentence, the Canadian Revolver Commitments, German Revolver Commitments and U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments shall automatically terminate
concurrently with the termination of the U.S. Revolver Commitments. Any notice of termination given by Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.1.4 shall be irrevocable but may be conditioned on a refinancing or another material event; provided that any such notice with respect to the German Facility Termination may be revocable by the Borrower Agent if the JW Sale does not occur on the date specified for
termination of the German Revolver Commitments in such notice or is otherwise delayed.

(iii) On the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the
Canadian Borrower shall make Full Payment of all Canadian Facility Obligations. On the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall make Full Payment of all U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. On the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the German Borrower shall make Full Payment of all German Facility Obligations. On the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the U.S. Borrowers shall make Full Payment of all U.S. Facility Obligations. 

(b) Reduction of the Maximum Facility Amount. 

(i) So long as (x) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, and (y) no U.S. Overadvance,
Canadian Overadvance, German Overadvance or U.K./Dutch Overadvance then exists or would result therefrom, the
Borrower Agent may permanently and irrevocably reduce the Maximum Facility Amount by giving Agent at least 10 days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Agent) prior irrevocable written notice thereof from a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower Agent, which notice shall (A) specify the date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of such reduction (which shall be in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 and increments of $5,000,000 in excess thereof), (B) specify the
allocation of such reduction to, and the corresponding reductions of, each of the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount and/or the Maximum Canadian Facility Amount and/or the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount and/or the Maximum German Facility Amount (and the respective U.S. Revolver Commitments,

95 

Canadian Revolver Commitments, and U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments and the German Revolver Commitments of the U.S. Lenders, the Canadian Lenders, and the U.K./Dutch Lenders and the German Lenders, respectively, in
respect thereof, each of which shall be allocated to such Lenders on a Pro Rata basis at the time of such reduction) and (C) certify the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions precedent (including calculations thereof in reasonable detail)
both as of the date of such certificate and as of the effective date of any such proposed reduction. 

(ii) In
addition to and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (A) each reduction in the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount and the U.S. Revolver Commitments shall in no event exceed U.S. Availability and shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000
and increments of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (B) each reduction in the Maximum Canadian Facility Amount and the Canadian Revolver Commitments shall in no event exceed Canadian Availability and shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and
increments of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, and (C) each
reduction in the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount and the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments shall in no event exceed U.K./Dutch Availability and shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and increments of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, and (D) each reduction in the Maximum German Facility Amount and the German Revolver Commitments shall in no event exceed German Availability and shall be in a
minimum amount of $5,000,000 and increments of $1,000,000 in excess thereof..

(c) Reallocation of the Maximum Country Facility Amounts. 

(i) (a) Other than in the case of the
German Facility Reallocation, soSo long as
(x) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, and (y) no U.S. Overadvance, Canadian Overadvance, German Overadvance
or U.K./Dutch Overadvance then exists or would result therefrom, the Borrower Agent may, on no more than two occasions per calendar year (or three occasions if one such occasion is the German
Facility Reallocation pursuant to
subclause 
(b(as
defined in the Third Amendment) below), reduce one or more Maximum Country Facility Amounts, and, on a dollar for dollar basis by the amount of
such reduction, increase one or more of the other Maximum Country Facility Amounts, by delivering to Agent (A) at least 30 days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Agent) prior irrevocable written notice thereof from a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower Agent, which notice shall (1) specify the date (which shall be a Business Day) of such proposed reallocation, (2) specify the reallocation amount(s) amongst each applicable Maximum Country Facility Amount, and
(3) certify the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions precedent (including calculations thereof in reasonable detail) both as of the date of such certificate and as of the effective date of any such proposed reallocation, and (B) pro
forma Borrowing Base Certificates at least three Business Days prior to the requested date of such proposed reallocation prepared in accordance with Section 8.1 and which give effect to such proposed reallocation, and (b) in the case of the German Facility Reallocation, so long as no German Overadvance or U.S. Overadvance then exists or would result therefrom, the Borrower
Agent may reduce the Maximum German Facility Amount by an amount equal to $20,000,000, and, on a dollar for dollar basis by the amount of such reduction, increase the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount, by delivering to Agent written notice thereof at any
time on or prior to the proposed effective date of the German Facility Reallocation (which notice may be contingent on the consummation of the JW Sale and may be revocable by the Borrower Agent if the JW Sale does not occur on the date specified for
the German Facility Reallocation in such notice or is otherwise delayed) from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower Agent, which notice shall (1) specify the date (which shall be a Business Day) of such proposed reallocation, (2) specify
the reallocation amount thereof, and (3) certify that no German Overadvance or U.S. Overadvance then exists or would result therefrom, both as of the date of such certificate and as of the effective date of the German Facility Reallocation.
.

96 

(ii) Each reallocation in the Maximum Country Facility Amounts pursuant to
Section 2.1.4(c)(i) shall reduce or increase, as applicable, the corresponding Revolver Commitment Total, which such reduction or increase shall be allocated amongst the Lenders holding such Revolver Commitment Total on a Pro Rata basis
at the time of such reallocation. 

(iii) In addition to and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) (1) each reduction in the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount and the U.S. Revolver Commitments shall in no event exceed
U.S. Availability, (2) after giving effect to such reduction in the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount and the U.S. Revolver Commitments, the U.S. Revolver Commitments shall represent at least 60.0% of the aggregate Revolver Commitments, and
(3) each reallocation in the Maximum U.S. Facility Amount and the U.S. Revolver Commitments shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and increments of $5,000,000 in excess thereof; 

(B) (1) each reduction in the Maximum Canadian Facility Amount and the Canadian Revolver Commitments shall in no event
exceed Canadian Availability, (2) unless the Canadian Revolver Commitments are terminated in their entirety pursuant to Section 2.1.4(a) above, no reduction in the Maximum Canadian Facility Amount or the Canadian Revolver
Commitments shall reduce the aggregate Canadian Revolver Commitments to less than $5,000,000, and (3) each reallocation in the Maximum Canadian Facility Amount and the Canadian Revolver Commitments shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and
increments of $5,000,000 in excess thereof; 

(C)
(1) each reduction in the Maximum German Facility Amount and the German Revolver Commitments shall in no event exceed German Availability, (2) unless the
German Revolver Commitments are terminated in their entirety pursuant to Section 2.1.4(a) above, no reduction in the Maximum German Facility Amount or the German Revolver Commitments shall reduce the aggregate German Revolver Commitments
to less than $10,000,000, and (3) each reallocation in the Maximum German Facility Amount and the German Revolver Commitments shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and increments of $5,000,000 in excess thereof; and[reserved]; and

(D) (1) each reduction in the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount and the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments shall in no
event exceed U.K./Dutch Availability, (2) unless the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments are terminated in their entirety pursuant to Section 2.1.4(a) above, no reduction in the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount or the U.K./Dutch
Revolver Commitments shall reduce the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments to less than $10,000,000, and (3) each reallocation in the Maximum U.K./Dutch Facility Amount and the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments shall be in a minimum amount
of $5,000,000 and increments of $5,000,000 in excess thereof. 

(d) Upon at least 10 days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by
Agent) prior written notice to Agent from the Borrower Agent, U.S. Borrowers may, at their option, permanently remove the U.S. Real Estate Formula Amount from the calculation of the U.S. Borrowing Base, without premium or penalty (other than funding
losses payable pursuant to Section 3.9). Any notice of removal given by Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.1.4(d) shall be irrevocable. Agent and the Lenders agree that Agent shall release any Liens with respect to the
Eligible Real Estate to the extent the U.S. Real Estate Formula Amount is removed from the calculation of the U.S. Borrowing Base in accordance with this Section 2.1.4(d) and so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing. 

97 

2.1.5. Overadvances. If the aggregate U.S. Revolver Loans exceed the U.S. Borrowing
Base (a U.S. Overadvance) at any time, the excess amount shall be payable by U.S. Borrowers on demand by Agent, but all such U.S. Revolver Loans shall nevertheless constitute U.S. Facility Obligations secured by the U.S.
Facility Collateral. If the aggregate Canadian Revolver Loans exceed the Canadian Borrowing Base (a Canadian Overadvance) at any time, the excess amount shall be payable by Canadian Borrower on demand by Agent, but all such
Canadian Revolver Loans shall nevertheless constitute Canadian Facility Obligations secured by the Canadian Facility Collateral. If the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans exceed the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base (a U.K./Dutch
Overadvance) at any time, the excess amount shall be payable by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers on demand by Agent, but all such U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans shall nevertheless constitute U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations secured by the
U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral. If the aggregate German Revolver Loans exceed the German Borrowing Base (a German Overadvance) at any time, the excess amount shall be
payable by the German Borrower on demand by Agent, but all such German Revolver Loans shall nevertheless constitute German Facility Obligations secured by the German Facility
Collateral. Agent may require the Applicable Lenders to honor requests for Overadvance Loans and to forbear from requiring the applicable Borrowers to cure an Overadvance, (a) when no
other Event of Default is known to Agent, as long as (i) the Overadvance does not continue for more than 30 consecutive days (and no Overadvance may exist for at least five consecutive days thereafter before further Overadvance Loans are
required), and (ii) the Overadvance is not known by Agent to exceed 7.5% of the U.S. Borrowing Base with respect to the U.S. Borrowers, 7.5% of the Canadian Borrowing Base with respect to the Canadian Borrower, 7.5% of the German Borrowing Base with respect to the German Borrower, or 7.5% of the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base
with respect to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers; and (b) regardless of whether an Event of Default exists, if Agent discovers an Overadvance not previously known by it to exist, as long as from the date of such discovery the Overadvance does not
continue for more than 30 consecutive days. In no event shall Overadvance Loans be required that would cause the outstanding U.S. Revolver Exposure to exceed the aggregate U.S. Revolver Commitments, the outstanding Canadian Revolver Exposure to
exceed the aggregate Canadian Revolver Commitments, or the
outstanding U.K./Dutch Revolver Exposure to exceed the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, or the outstanding German Revolver Exposure to exceed the
aggregate German Revolver Commitments. Any funding of an Overadvance Loan or sufferance of an Overadvance shall not constitute a waiver by Agent or Lenders of the Event of Default caused
thereby. In no event shall any Borrower or other Obligor be deemed a beneficiary of this Section nor authorized to enforce any of its terms. Required Lenders may at any time revoke Agents authority to knowingly make further Overadvance Loans
by written notice to Agent. 

2.1.6. Protective Advances. Agent shall be authorized, in its discretion, at any time that any
conditions in Section 6 are not satisfied, and without regard to the aggregate U.S. Revolver Commitments, the Canadian Revolver Commitments,
or the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, or the German Revolver Commitments to make U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans, Canadian Prime Rate
Loans, and U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans, and German Base Rate Loans, as applicable (each a Protective Advance) (a) up to an
aggregate amount of (i) 10% of the aggregate Canadian Revolver Commitments (minus the aggregate amount of any outstanding Canadian Overadvances), with respect to the Canadian Borrower, (ii) 10% of the aggregate U.S. Revolver Commitments
(minus the aggregate amount of any outstanding U.S. Overadvances), with respect to the U.S. Borrowers, or
(iii) 10% of the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments (minus the aggregate amount of any outstanding U.K./Dutch Overadvances), with respect to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers, or (iv) 10% of the aggregate German Revolver Commitments (minus the aggregate amount of any outstanding German Overadvances), with respect to the German
Borrower, in each case, outstanding at any time, if Agent deems such Loans necessary or desirable to preserve or protect Collateral, or to enhance the collectibility or repayment of
Obligations; or (b) to pay any other amounts chargeable to Obligors under any Loan Documents, including costs, fees and expenses. Each Applicable Lender shall participate in each Protective Advance on a Pro Rata basis. Required Lenders may at
any time revoke Agents authority to make further Protective Advances under clause (a) by written notice to Agent. 

98 

Absent such revocation, Agents determination that funding of a Protective Advance is appropriate shall be conclusive. All Protective Advances made by Agent with respect to U.S. Borrowers
shall be U.S. Facility Obligations, secured by the U.S. Facility Collateral and shall be treated for all purposes as Extraordinary Expenses. All Protective Advances made by Agent with respect to Canadian Borrower shall be Canadian Facility
Obligations, secured by the Canadian Facility Collateral and shall be treated for all purposes as Extraordinary Expenses. All Protective Advances made by Agent with respect to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall be U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations,
secured by the U.K./Dutch Facility Collateral and shall be treated for all purposes as Extraordinary Expenses. All Protective Advances made by Agent with respect to
the German Borrower shall be German Facility Obligations, secured by the German Facility Collateral and shall be treated for all purposes as Extraordinary Expenses. In no event shall
Protective Advances be made by Agent if it would cause the outstanding U.S. Revolver Exposure to exceed the aggregate U.S. Revolver Commitments, the outstanding Canadian Revolver Exposure to exceed the aggregate Canadian Revolver Commitments,
or the outstanding U.K./Dutch Revolver Exposure to exceed
the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, or the outstanding German Revolver Exposure to exceed the aggregate German Revolver Commitments. 

2.1.7. Increase in U.S. Revolver Commitments. Borrowers may request an increase in the
aggregate U.S. Revolver Commitments from time to time upon notice to Agent, as long as (a) the requested increase is in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 and is offered on the same terms as the existing U.S. Revolver Commitments, except for fees
mutually agreed upon by Borrowers and Agent, (b) increases under this Section do not exceed $150,000,000 in the aggregate and no more than 3 increases are made, (c) no reduction in Revolver Commitments pursuant to Section 2.1.4
has occurred prior to the requested increase, (d) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such increase or result therefrom, and (e) Borrowers shall certify in writing to Agent that Borrowers are
not in default under the Term Loan Facility Agreement after giving effect to the requested increase. Agent shall promptly notify U.S. Lenders of the requested increase and, within 10 Business Days thereafter, each U.S. Lender shall notify Agent if
and to what extent such Lender commits to increase its U.S. Revolver Commitment. No such increases shall be consummated unless each U.S. Lender agrees to increase its U.S. Revolver Commitment on a Pro Rata basis. Any U.S. Lender not responding
within such period shall be deemed to have declined an increase. Provided the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 are satisfied, total U.S. Revolver Commitments shall be increased by the requested amount (or such lesser amount committed
by U.S. Lenders on a Pro Rata basis) on a date agreed upon by Agent and Borrower Agent, but no later than 45 days following Borrowers increase request. Agent, Borrowers, and U.S. Lenders shall execute and deliver such documents and agreements
as Agent deems appropriate to evidence and effectuate the increase in and allocations of U.S. Revolver Commitments (which shall be on a Pro Rata basis among U.S. Lenders). 

2.2 U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit Facility. 

2.2.1. Issuance of U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall issue U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit from time to time on
and after the Closing Date until 30 days prior to the Facility Termination Date (or until the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, if earlier), on the terms set forth herein, including the following: 

(a) The U.K./Dutch Borrowers acknowledge that U.K./Dutch Issuing Banks issuance of any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit is conditioned upon
U.K./Dutch Issuing Banks receipt of a LC Application with respect to the requested U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit, as well as such other instruments and agreements as U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank may customarily require for issuance of a letter of
credit of similar type and amount. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit unless (i) U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank receives a LC Request and LC Application at least three Business Days prior to the
requested date of issuance; (ii) each LC Condition is satisfied; and (iii) if a Defaulting Lender that is a U.K./Dutch Lender exists, such Lender or the U.K./Dutch Borrowers have 

99 

entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Agent and U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank to eliminate any Fronting Exposure associated with such Lender. If, in sufficient time to act, U.K./Dutch
Issuing Bank receives written notice from U.K./Dutch Required Lenders that a LC Condition has not been satisfied, U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall not issue the requested U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit. Prior to receipt of any such notice, U.K./Dutch
Issuing Bank shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any failure of LC Conditions. 

(b) U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit may be requested by
the U.K./Dutch Borrowers to support obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, or as otherwise approved by Agent. The renewal or extension of any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit shall be treated as the issuance of a new U.K./Dutch Letter
of Credit, except that delivery of a new LC Application shall be required at the discretion of U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank. 

(c) The U.K./Dutch
Borrowers assume all risks of the acts, omissions or misuses of any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit by the beneficiary. In connection with issuance of any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit, none of Agent, Issuing Banks or any Lender shall be responsible for
the existence, character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of any goods purported to be represented by any Documents; any differences or variation in the character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of
any goods from that expressed in any Documents; the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any Documents or of any endorsements thereon; the time, place, manner or order in which shipment of goods is made; partial or
incomplete shipment of, or failure to ship, any goods referred to in a U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit or Documents; any deviation from instructions, delay, default or fraud by any shipper or other Person in connection with any goods, shipment or
delivery; any breach of contract between a shipper or vendor and the U.K./Dutch Borrowers; errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex, telecopy, e-mail, telephone or
otherwise; errors in interpretation of technical terms; the misapplication by a beneficiary of any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit or the proceeds thereof; or any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuing Banks, Agent or any Lender,
including any act or omission of a Governmental Authority. The rights and remedies of U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank under the Loan Documents shall be cumulative. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall be fully subrogated to the rights and remedies of each
beneficiary whose claims against the U.K./Dutch Borrowers are discharged with proceeds of any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit. 

(d) In
connection with its administration of and enforcement of rights or remedies under any U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit or LC Documents, U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall be entitled to act, and shall be fully protected in acting, upon any certification,
documentation or communication in whatever form believed by U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank, in good faith, to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by a proper Person. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank may consult with and employ legal
counsel, accountants and other experts to advise it concerning its obligations, rights and remedies, and shall be entitled to act upon, and shall be fully protected in any action taken in good faith reliance upon, any advice given by such experts.
U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in connection with any matter relating to U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit or LC Documents, and shall not be liable for the negligence or misconduct of agents and attorneys-in-fact selected
with reasonable care. 

2.2.2. Reimbursement; Participations. 

(a) If U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank honors any request for payment under a U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit, the U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall pay to
U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank, on the same day (U.K./Dutch Reimbursement Date), the amount paid by U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank under such U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was denominated unless
otherwise specified by Agent or U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank (at their respective option) that it requires payment in 

100 

Dollars, British Pounds or Euros calculated at the Spot Rate, together with interest at the interest rate for U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans from the U.K./Dutch Reimbursement Date until payment by
the U.K./Dutch Borrowers. The obligation of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers to reimburse U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank for any payment made under a U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional, irrevocable, and joint and several, and shall be
paid without regard to any lack of validity or enforceability of any U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit or the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right that the U.K./Dutch Borrowers may have at any time against the beneficiary. Whether or not
Borrower Agent submits a Notice of Borrowing, the U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of a Term SOFR Revolver Loan (the initial Interest Period of which shall be one month commencing on the relevant Reimbursement Date)
in an amount necessary to pay all amounts due U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank on that U.K./Dutch Reimbursement Date and each U.K./Dutch Lender agrees to fund its Pro Rata share of such Borrowing whether or not the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments have
terminated, a U.K./Dutch Overadvance exists or is created thereby, or the conditions in Section 6 are satisfied. In the event that (i) a drawing denominated in a foreign currency (other than Dollars, British Pounds and Euros) (such
foreign currency, a U.K. Reimbursed Foreign Currency) is to be reimbursed in Dollars, British Pounds or Euros pursuant to the first sentence in this Section 2.2.2(a); and (ii) the Dollars, British Pounds or Euros
amount, as applicable, paid by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the U.K. Reimbursed Foreign Currency equal to the drawing, the
U.K./Dutch Borrowers agree, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase the U.K. Reimbursed Foreign Currency in the full amount of the drawing.

(b) Upon issuance of a U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit, each U.K./Dutch Lender shall be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally
purchased from U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank, without recourse or warranty, an undivided Pro Rata interest and participation in all U.K./Dutch LC Obligations relating to the U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit. If U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank makes any payment under a
U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit and the U.K./Dutch Borrowers do not reimburse such payment on the U.K./Dutch Reimbursement Date, Agent shall promptly notify U.K./Dutch Lenders and each U.K./Dutch Lender shall promptly (within one Business Day) and
unconditionally pay to Agent, for the benefit of U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank, the U.K./Dutch Lenders Pro Rata share of such payment in the same currency as required of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.2.2(a). Upon
request by a U.K./Dutch Lender, U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall furnish copies of any U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit and LC Documents in its possession at such time. 

(c) The obligation of each U.K./Dutch Lender to make payments to Agent for the account of U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank in connection with U.K./Dutch
Issuing Banks payment under a U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, not subject to any counterclaim, setoff, qualification or exception whatsoever, and shall be made in accordance with this Agreement
under all circumstances, irrespective of any lack of validity or unenforceability of any Loan Documents; any draft, certificate or other document presented under a U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit having been determined to be forged, fraudulent, invalid
or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or the existence of any setoff or defense that any Obligor may have with respect to any Obligations. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank does not assume any
responsibility for any failure or delay in performance or any breach by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers or other Person of any obligations under any LC Documents. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank does not make to Lenders any express or implied warranty,
representation or guaranty with respect to the Collateral, LC Documents or any Obligor. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties contained in, or for the
execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or enforceability of any LC Documents; the validity, genuineness, enforceability, collectibility, value or sufficiency of any Collateral or the perfection of any Lien therein; or the assets,
liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, business, creditworthiness or legal status of any Obligor. 

101 

(d) No Issuing Bank Indemnitee shall be liable to any Lender or other Person for any action
taken or omitted to be taken in connection with any LC Documents except as a result of its actual gross negligence or willful misconduct. U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall not have any liability to any Lender if U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank refrains from any
action under a Letter of Credit or LC Documents until it receives written instructions from U.K./Dutch Required Lenders. 

2.2.3. Cash
Collateral. If any U.K./Dutch LC Obligations, whether or not then due or payable, shall for any reason be outstanding at any time (a) that an Event of Default exists, (b) that U.K./Dutch Availability is less than zero, or
(c) within 10 Business Days prior to the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, then the U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall, at U.K./Dutch Issuing Banks or Agents request, Cash Collateralize the stated amount of all outstanding
U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit and pay to U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank the amount of all other U.K./Dutch LC Obligations. The U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall, on demand by U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank or Agent from time to time, Cash Collateralize the
Fronting Exposure of any Defaulting Lender which is a U.K./Dutch Lender. 

2.2.4. Resignation of U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank. U.K./Dutch
Issuing Bank may resign at any time upon notice to Agent and the U.K./Dutch Borrowers. On the effective date of such resignation, U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank shall have no further obligation to issue, amend, renew, extend or otherwise modify any Letter
of Credit, but shall continue to have all rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank hereunder, including under Sections 2.2, 12.6 and 14.2, relating to any Letter of Credit issued prior to such date. Agent shall promptly appoint
a replacement U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank, which, as long as no Default or Event of Default exists, shall be reasonably acceptable to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers. 

2.3 U.S. Letter of Credit Facility. 

2.3.1. Issuance of U.S. Letters of Credit. Each U.S. Issuing Bank may issue U.S. Letters of Credit from time to time until 30 days prior
to the Facility Termination Date (or until the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, if earlier), on the terms set forth herein, including the following: 

(a) Each U.S. Borrower acknowledges that each U.S. Issuing Banks issuance of any U.S. Letter of Credit is conditioned upon such U.S.
Issuing Banks receipt of a LC Application with respect to the requested U.S. Letter of Credit, as well as such other instruments and agreements as such U.S. Issuing Bank may customarily require for issuance of a letter of credit of similar
type and amount. U.S. Issuing Banks shall have no obligation to issue any U.S. Letter of Credit unless (i) the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank receives a LC Request and LC Application at least three Business Days prior to the requested date of
issuance; (ii) each LC Condition is satisfied; and (iii) if a Defaulting Lender that is a U.S. Lender exists, such Lender or U.S. Borrowers have entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Agent and the applicable U.S. Issuing
Bank to eliminate any Fronting Exposure associated with such Lender. If, in sufficient time to act, U.S. Issuing Banks receive written notice from U.S. Required Lenders that a LC Condition has not been satisfied, U.S. Issuing Banks shall not issue
the requested U.S. Letter of Credit. Prior to receipt of any such notice, no U.S. Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have knowledge of any failure of LC Conditions. 

(b) U.S. Letters of Credit may be requested by a U.S. Borrower to support obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, or as
otherwise approved by Agent. The renewal or extension of any U.S. Letter of Credit shall be treated as the issuance of a new U.S. Letter of Credit, except that delivery of a new LC Application shall be required at the discretion of the applicable
U.S. Issuing Bank. 

102 

(c) U.S. Borrowers assume all risks of the acts, omissions or misuses of any U.S. Letter of
Credit by the beneficiary. In connection with issuance of any U.S. Letter of Credit, none of Agent, Issuing Banks or any Lender shall be responsible for the existence, character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of any goods
purported to be represented by any Documents; any differences or variation in the character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of any goods from that expressed in any Documents; the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy,
genuineness or legal effect of any Documents or of any endorsements thereon; the time, place, manner or order in which shipment of goods is made; partial or incomplete shipment of, or failure to ship, any goods referred to in a U.S. Letter of Credit
or Documents; any deviation from instructions, delay, default or fraud by any shipper or other Person in connection with any goods, shipment or delivery; any breach of contract between a shipper or vendor and a U.S. Borrower; errors, omissions,
interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex, telecopy, e-mail, telephone or otherwise; errors in interpretation of technical terms; the misapplication by a beneficiary of any U.S. Letter of
Credit or the proceeds thereof; or any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuing Banks, Agent or any Lender, including any act or omission of a Governmental Authority. The rights and remedies of each U.S. Issuing Bank under the
Loan Documents shall be cumulative. Each U.S. Issuing Bank shall be fully subrogated to the rights and remedies of each beneficiary whose claims against U.S. Borrowers are discharged with proceeds of any U.S. Letter of Credit. 

(d) In connection with its administration of and enforcement of rights or remedies under any U.S. Letters of Credit or LC Documents, the
applicable U.S. Issuing Bank shall be entitled to act, and shall be fully protected in acting, upon any certification, documentation or communication in whatever form believed by such U.S. Issuing Bank, in good faith, to be genuine and correct and
to have been signed, sent or made by a proper Person. Each U.S. Issuing Bank may consult with and employ legal counsel, accountants and other experts to advise it concerning its obligations, rights and remedies, and shall be entitled to act upon,
and shall be fully protected in any action taken in good faith reliance upon, any advice given by such experts. Each U.S. Issuing Bank may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in connection with any matter relating to U.S. Letters of Credit or LC
Documents, and shall not be liable for the negligence or misconduct of agents and attorneys-in-fact selected with reasonable care. 

(e)
Obligors, Agent and Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that all Existing Letters of Credit shall constitute U.S. Letters of Credit under this Agreement on and after the Closing Date with the same effect as if such Existing Letters of Credit were
issued by the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank at the request of U.S. Borrowers on the Closing Date. 

2.3.2. Reimbursement;
Participations. 

(a) If any U.S. Issuing Bank honors any request for payment under a U.S. Letter of Credit, U.S. Borrowers shall pay to
such U.S. Issuing Bank, on the same day (U.S. Reimbursement Date), the amount paid by such U.S. Issuing Bank under such U.S. Letter of Credit in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was denominated unless otherwise
specified by Agent or such U.S. Issuing Bank (at their respective option) that it requires payment in Dollars calculated at the Spot Rate, together with interest at the interest rate for U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans from the U.S. Reimbursement Date
until payment by U.S. Borrowers. The obligation of U.S. Borrowers to reimburse U.S. Issuing Banks for any payment made under a U.S. Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional, irrevocable, and joint and several, and shall be paid without
regard to any lack of validity or enforceability of any U.S. Letter of Credit or the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right that U.S. Borrowers may have at any time against the beneficiary. Whether or not Borrower Agent submits a
Notice of Borrowing, U.S. Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans in an amount necessary to pay all amounts due to the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank on any U.S. Reimbursement Date and each U.S. Lender
agrees to fund its Pro Rata share of such Borrowing whether or not the U.S. Revolver Commitments have terminated, a U.S. Overadvance exists or is created thereby, or the conditions in Section 6 are satisfied. In the event that (i) a
drawing denominated in a foreign currency (such foreign currency, a U.S. Reimbursed Foreign Currency) is to be reimbursed in Dollars pursuant to the first sentence in this Section 2.3.2(a); and (ii) the

103 

Dollars amount paid by the U.S. Borrowers shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the U.S. Reimbursed
Foreign Currency equal to the drawing, the U.S. Borrowers agree, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase the U.S. Reimbursed Foreign
Currency in the full amount of the drawing. 

(b) Upon issuance of a U.S. Letter of Credit, each U.S. Lender shall be deemed to have
irrevocably and unconditionally purchased from the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank, without recourse or warranty, an undivided Pro Rata interest and participation in all U.S. LC Obligations relating to the U.S. Letter of Credit. If any U.S. Issuing
Bank makes any payment under a U.S. Letter of Credit and U.S. Borrowers do not reimburse such payment on the U.S. Reimbursement Date, the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank shall promptly notify Agent and Agent shall promptly notify U.S. Lenders and each
U.S. Lender shall promptly (within one Business Day) and unconditionally pay to Agent, for the benefit of the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank, the U.S. Lenders Pro Rata share of such payment in the same currency as required of the U.S. Borrowers
in accordance with Section 2.3.2(a). Upon request by a U.S. Lender, the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank shall furnish copies of any U.S. Letters of Credit and LC Documents in its possession at such time. 

(c) The obligation of each U.S. Lender to make payments to Agent for the account of the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank in connection with such
U.S. Issuing Banks payment under a U.S. Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, not subject to any counterclaim, setoff, qualification or exception whatsoever, and shall be made in accordance with this Agreement
under all circumstances, irrespective of any lack of validity or unenforceability of any Loan Documents; any draft, certificate or other document presented under a U.S. Letter of Credit having been determined to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or
insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or the existence of any setoff or defense that any Obligor may have with respect to any Obligations. No U.S. Issuing Bank assumes any responsibility for
any failure or delay in performance or any breach by any U.S. Borrower or other Person of any obligations under any LC Documents. No U.S. Issuing Bank makes to Lenders any express or implied warranty, representation or guaranty with respect to the
Collateral, LC Documents or any Obligor. No U.S. Issuing Bank shall be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties contained in, or for the execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or
enforceability of any LC Documents; the validity, genuineness, enforceability, collectibility, value or sufficiency of any Collateral or the perfection of any Lien therein; or the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations,
business, creditworthiness or legal status of any Obligor. 

(d) No Issuing Bank Indemnitee shall be liable to any Lender or other Person
for any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with any LC Documents except as a result of its actual gross negligence or willful misconduct. No U.S. Issuing Bank shall have any liability to any Lender if such U.S. Issuing Bank refrains
from any action under a Letter of Credit or LC Documents until it receives written instructions from U.S. Required Lenders. 

2.3.3. Cash
Collateral. If any U.S. LC Obligations, whether or not then due or payable, shall for any reason be outstanding at any time (a) that an Event of Default exists, (b) that U.S. Availability is less than zero, or (c) within 10
Business Days prior to the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, then U.S. Borrowers shall, at a U.S. Issuing Banks or Agents request, Cash Collateralize the stated amount of all outstanding U.S. Letters of Credit and pay to the
applicable U.S. Issuing Bank the amount of all other U.S. LC Obligations owing to it. U.S. Borrowers shall, on demand by a U.S. Issuing Bank or Agent from time to time, Cash Collateralize the Fronting Exposure of any Defaulting Lender which
is a U.S. Lender. 

104 

2.3.4. Resignation of U.S. Issuing Bank. Any U.S. Issuing Bank may resign at any time
upon notice to Agent and U.S. Borrowers. On the effective date of such resignation, such U.S. Issuing Bank shall have no further obligation to issue, amend, renew, extend or otherwise modify any Letter of Credit, but shall continue to have all
rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank hereunder, including under Sections 2.3, 12.6 and 14.2, relating to any Letter of Credit issued prior to such date. Agent shall promptly appoint a replacement U.S. Issuing Bank, which,
as long as no Default or Event of Default exists, shall be reasonably acceptable to U.S. Borrowers. 

2.3.5. Notice. Each U.S.
Issuing Bank shall promptly notice Agent of the issuance by it of any U.S. Letter of Credit hereunder. 

2.4 Canadian Letter of Credit
Facility. 

2.4.1. Issuance of Canadian Letters of Credit. Canadian Issuing Bank shall issue Canadian Letters of Credit from
time to time until 30 days prior to the Facility Termination Date (or until the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date, if earlier), on the terms set forth herein, including the following: 

(a) Canadian Borrower acknowledges that Canadian Issuing Banks issuance of any Canadian Letter of Credit is conditioned upon Canadian
Issuing Banks receipt of a LC Application with respect to the requested Canadian Letter of Credit, as well as such other instruments and agreements as Canadian Issuing Bank may customarily require for issuance of a letter of credit of similar
type and amount. Canadian Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue any Canadian Letter of Credit unless (i) Canadian Issuing Bank receives a LC Request and LC Application at least three Business Days prior to the requested date of
issuance; (ii) each LC Condition is satisfied; and (iii) if a Defaulting Lender that is a Canadian Lender exists, such Lender or Canadian Borrower has entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Canadian Issuing Bank to
eliminate any Fronting Exposure associated with such Lender. If, in sufficient time to act, Canadian Issuing Bank receives written notice from Canadian Required Lenders that a LC Condition has not been satisfied, Canadian Issuing Bank shall not
issue the requested Canadian Letter of Credit. Prior to receipt of any such notice, Canadian Issuing Bank shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any failure of LC Conditions. 

(b) Canadian Letters of Credit may be requested by Canadian Borrower to support obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, or as
otherwise approved by Agent. The renewal or extension of any Canadian Letter of Credit shall be treated as the issuance of a new Canadian Letter of Credit, except that delivery of a new LC Application shall be required at the discretion of Canadian
Issuing Bank. 

(c) Canadian Borrower assumes all risks of the acts, omissions or misuses of any Canadian Letter of Credit by the
beneficiary. In connection with issuance of any Canadian Letter of Credit, none of Agent, Issuing Banks or any Lender shall be responsible for the existence, character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of any goods purported
to be represented by any Documents; any differences or variation in the character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of any goods from that expressed in any Documents; the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or
legal effect of any Documents or of any endorsements thereon; the time, place, manner or order in which shipment of goods is made; partial or incomplete shipment of, or failure to ship, any goods referred to in a Canadian Letter of Credit or
Documents; any deviation from instructions, delay, default or fraud by any shipper or other Person in connection with any goods, shipment or delivery; any breach of contract between a shipper or vendor and Canadian Borrower; errors, omissions,
interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex, telecopy, e-mail, telephone or otherwise; errors in interpretation of technical terms; the misapplication by a beneficiary of any Canadian Letter
of Credit or 

105 

the proceeds thereof; or any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuing Banks, Agent or any Lender, including any act or omission of a Governmental Authority. The rights and
remedies of Canadian Issuing Bank under the Loan Documents shall be cumulative. Canadian Issuing Bank shall be fully subrogated to the rights and remedies of each beneficiary whose claims against Canadian Borrower are discharged with proceeds of any
Canadian Letter of Credit. 

(d) In connection with its administration of and enforcement of rights or remedies under any Canadian Letters
of Credit or LC Documents, Canadian Issuing Bank shall be entitled to act, and shall be fully protected in acting, upon any certification, documentation or communication in whatever form believed by Canadian Issuing Bank, in good faith, to be
genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by a proper Person. Canadian Issuing Bank may consult with and employ legal counsel, accountants and other experts to advise it concerning its obligations, rights and remedies, and shall be
entitled to act upon, and shall be fully protected in any action taken in good faith reliance upon, any advice given by such experts. Canadian Issuing Bank may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in connection with any matter relating to Canadian
Letters of Credit or LC Documents, and shall not be liable for the negligence or misconduct of agents and attorneys-in-fact selected with reasonable care. 

2.4.2. Reimbursement; Participations. 

(a) If Canadian Issuing Bank honors any request for payment under a Canadian Letter of Credit, Canadian Borrower shall pay to Canadian Issuing
Bank, on the same day (Canadian Reimbursement Date), the amount paid by Canadian Issuing Bank under such Canadian Letter of Credit in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was denominated unless otherwise specified by
Agent or Canadian Issuing Bank (at their respective option) that it requires payment in Dollars or Canadian Dollars calculated at the Spot Rate, together with interest at the interest rate for Canadian Prime Rate Loans from the Canadian
Reimbursement Date until payment by Canadian Borrower. The obligation of Canadian Borrower to reimburse Canadian Issuing Bank for any payment made under a Canadian Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional, irrevocable, and joint and
several, and shall be paid without regard to any lack of validity or enforceability of any Canadian Letter of Credit or the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right that Canadian Borrower may have at any time against the beneficiary.
Whether or not Borrower Agent submits a Notice of Borrowing, Canadian Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Canadian Prime Rate Loans in an amount necessary to pay all amounts due Canadian Issuing Bank on any Canadian
Reimbursement Date and each Canadian Lender agrees to fund its Pro Rata share of such Borrowing whether or not the Canadian Revolver Commitments have terminated, a Canadian Overadvance exists or is created thereby, or the conditions in
Section 6 are satisfied. In the event that (i) a drawing denominated in a foreign currency (other than Dollars or Canadian Dollars) (such foreign currency, a Canadian Reimbursed Foreign Currency) is to be
reimbursed in Dollars or Canadian Dollars pursuant to the first sentence in this Section 2.4.2(a); and (ii) the Dollars or Canadian Dollars amount, as applicable, paid by Canadian Borrower shall not be adequate on the date of that
payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the Canadian Reimbursed Foreign Currency equal to the drawing, Canadian Borrower agrees, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify Canadian Issuing
Bank for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase the Canadian Reimbursed Foreign Currency in the full amount of the drawing. 

(b) Upon issuance of a Canadian Letter of Credit, each Canadian Lender shall be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally purchased from
Canadian Issuing Bank, without recourse or warranty, an undivided Pro Rata interest and participation in all Canadian LC Obligations relating to the Canadian Letter of Credit. If Canadian Issuing Bank makes any payment under a Canadian Letter of
Credit and Canadian Borrower does not reimburse such payment on the Canadian Reimbursement Date, Agent shall promptly notify Canadian Lenders and each Canadian Lender shall promptly (within one Business Day) and unconditionally pay to Agent, for the
benefit of Canadian Issuing Bank, the Canadian Lenders Pro Rata share of such payment in the same currency as required of the Canadian Borrower in accordance with Section 2.4.2(a). Upon request by a Canadian Lender, Canadian
Issuing Bank shall furnish copies of any Canadian Letters of Credit and LC Documents in its possession at such time. 

106 

(c) The obligation of each Canadian Lender to make payments to Agent for the account of
Canadian Issuing Bank in connection with Canadian Issuing Banks payment under a Canadian Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, not subject to any counterclaim, setoff, qualification or exception whatsoever, and
shall be made in accordance with this Agreement under all circumstances, irrespective of any lack of validity or unenforceability of any Loan Documents; any draft, certificate or other document presented under a Canadian Letter of Credit having been
determined to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or the existence of any setoff or defense that any Obligor may have with respect to any Obligations.
Canadian Issuing Bank does not assume any responsibility for any failure or delay in performance or any breach by Canadian Borrower or other Person of any obligations under any LC Documents. Canadian Issuing Bank does not make to Lenders any express
or implied warranty, representation or guaranty with respect to the Collateral, LC Documents or any Obligor. Canadian Issuing Bank shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties
contained in, or for the execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or enforceability of any LC Documents; the validity, genuineness, enforceability, collectibility, value or sufficiency of any Collateral or the perfection of any Lien therein;
or the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, business, creditworthiness or legal status of any Obligor. 

(d) No
Issuing Bank Indemnitee shall be liable to any Lender or other Person for any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with any LC Documents except as a result of its actual gross negligence or willful misconduct. Canadian Issuing Bank
shall not have any liability to any Lender if Canadian Issuing Bank refrains from any action under a Letter of Credit or LC Documents until it receives written instructions from Canadian Required Lenders. 

2.4.3. Cash Collateral. If any Canadian LC Obligations, whether or not then due or payable, shall for any reason be outstanding at any
time (a) that an Event of Default exists, (b) that Canadian Availability is less than zero, or (c) within 10 Business Days prior to the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date, then Canadian Borrower shall, at Canadian Issuing
Banks or Agents request, Cash Collateralize the stated amount of all outstanding Canadian Letters of Credit and pay to Canadian Issuing Bank the amount of all other Canadian LC Obligations. Canadian Borrower shall, on demand by
Canadian Issuing Bank or Agent from time to time, Cash Collateralize the Fronting Exposure of any Defaulting Lender which is a Canadian Lender. 

2.4.4. Resignation of Canadian Issuing Bank. Canadian Issuing Bank may resign at any time upon notice to Agent and Canadian Borrower. On
the effective date of such resignation, Canadian Issuing Bank shall have no further obligation to issue, amend, renew, extend or otherwise modify any Letter of Credit, but shall continue to have all rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank
hereunder, including under Sections 2.4, 12.6 and 14.2, relating to any Letter of Credit issued prior to such date. Agent shall promptly appoint a replacement Canadian Issuing Bank, which, as long as no Default or Event of
Default exists, shall be reasonably acceptable to Canadian Borrower. 

2.5 German Letter of Credit
Facility.

2.5.1.
Issuance of German Letters of Credit. German Issuing Bank shall issue German Letters of Credit from time to time on and after the Closing Date until 30 days prior to the Facility Termination Date (or until the German Revolver
Commitment Termination Date, if earlier), on the terms set forth herein, including the following:

107 

(a) The
German Borrower acknowledges that German Issuing Banks issuance of any German Letter of Credit is conditioned upon German Issuing Banks receipt of a LC Application with respect to the requested German Letter of Credit, as well as such
other instruments and agreements as German Issuing Bank may customarily require for issuance of a letter of credit of similar type and amount. German Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue any German Letter of Credit unless (i) German
Issuing Bank receives a LC Request and LC Application at least three Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance; (ii) each LC Condition is satisfied; and (iii) if a Defaulting Lender that is a German Lender exists, such Lender
or the German Borrower have entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Agent and German Issuing Bank to eliminate any Fronting Exposure associated with such Lender. If, in sufficient time to act, German Issuing Bank receives written notice
from German Required Lenders that a LC Condition has not been satisfied, German Issuing Bank shall not issue the requested German Letter of Credit. Prior to receipt of any such notice, German Issuing Bank shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any
failure of LC Conditions.

(b) German Letters of Credit may be requested by the German Borrower to support obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, or as otherwise approved by Agent.
The renewal or extension of any German Letter of Credit shall be treated as the issuance of a new German Letter of Credit, except that delivery of a new LC Application shall be required at the discretion of German Issuing Bank.

(c) The
German Borrower assumes all risks of the acts, omissions or misuses of any German Letter of Credit by the beneficiary. In connection with issuance of any German Letter of Credit, none of Agent, Issuing Banks or any Lender shall be responsible for
the existence, character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of any goods purported to be represented by any Documents; any differences or variation in the character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of
any goods from that expressed in any Documents; the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any Documents or of any endorsements thereon; the time, place, manner or order in which shipment of goods is made; partial or
incomplete shipment of, or failure to ship, any goods referred to in a German Letter of Credit or Documents; any deviation from instructions, delay, default or fraud by any shipper or other Person in connection with any goods, shipment or delivery;
any breach of contract between a shipper or vendor and the German Borrower; errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex, telecopy, e-mail, telephone or otherwise; errors in
interpretation of technical terms; the misapplication by a beneficiary of any German Letter of Credit or the proceeds thereof; or any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of Issuing Banks, Agent or any Lender, including any act or
omission of a Governmental Authority. The rights and remedies of German Issuing Bank under the Loan Documents shall be cumulative. German Issuing Bank shall be fully subrogated to the rights and remedies of each beneficiary whose claims against the
German Borrower are discharged with proceeds of any German Letter of Credit.

(d) In connection with its administration of and enforcement
of rights or remedies under any German Letters of Credit or LC Documents, German Issuing Bank shall be entitled to act, and shall be fully protected in acting, upon any certification, documentation or communication in whatever form believed by
German Issuing Bank, in good faith, to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by a proper Person. German Issuing Bank may consult with and employ legal counsel, accountants and other experts to advise it concerning its
obligations, rights and remedies, and shall be entitled to act upon, and shall be fully protected in any action taken in good faith reliance upon, any advice given by such experts. German Issuing Bank may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in
connection with any matter relating to German Letters of Credit or LC Documents, and shall not be liable for the negligence or misconduct of agents and attorneys-in-fact selected with reasonable care.

108 

2.5.2.
Reimbursement; Participations.

(a) If German Issuing Bank honors any request for payment under a German Letter of Credit, the German Borrower shall pay to German Issuing Bank, on the same day
(German Reimbursement Date), the amount paid by German Issuing Bank under such German Letter of Credit in the same currency in which the Letter of Credit was denominated unless otherwise specified by Agent or
German Issuing Bank (at their respective option) that it requires payment in Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs or Euros calculated at the Spot Rate, together with interest at the interest rate for German Base Rate Loans from the German
Reimbursement Date until payment by the German Borrower. The obligation of the German Borrower to reimburse German Issuing Bank for any payment made under a German Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional, irrevocable, and joint and
several, and shall be paid without regard to any lack of validity or enforceability of any German Letter of Credit or the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right that the German Borrower may have at any time against the beneficiary.
Whether or not Borrower Agent submits a Notice of Borrowing, the German Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of a Term SOFR Revolver Loan (the initial Interest Period of which shall be one month commencing on the relevant
Reimbursement Date) in an amount necessary to pay all amounts due German Issuing Bank on that German Reimbursement Date and each German Lender agrees to fund its Pro Rata share of such Borrowing whether or not the German Revolver Commitments have
terminated, a German Overadvance exists or is created thereby, or the conditions in Section 6 are satisfied. In the event that (i) a drawing denominated in a foreign currency (other than Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs and
Euros) (such foreign currency, a German Reimbursed Foreign Currency) is to be reimbursed in Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs or Euros pursuant to the first sentence in this Section 2.5.2(a); and
(ii) the Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs or Euros amount, as applicable, paid by the German Borrower shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the
German Reimbursed Foreign Currency equal to the drawing, the German Borrower agrees, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify German Issuing Bank for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase the German Reimbursed
Foreign Currency in the full amount of the drawing.

(b) Upon issuance of a German Letter of Credit, each German Lender shall be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally purchased from German Issuing Bank, without
recourse or warranty, an undivided Pro Rata interest and participation in all German LC Obligations relating to the German Letter of Credit. If German Issuing Bank makes any payment under a German Letter of Credit and the German Borrower does not
reimburse such payment on the German Reimbursement Date, Agent shall promptly notify German Lenders and each German Lender shall promptly (within one Business Day) and unconditionally pay to Agent, for the benefit of German Issuing Bank, the German
Lenders Pro Rata share of such payment in the same currency as required of the German Borrower in accordance with Section 2.5.2(a). Upon request by a German Lender, German Issuing Bank shall furnish copies of any German Letters of
Credit and LC Documents in its possession at such time.

(c) The obligation of each German Lender to make payments to Agent for the account of German Issuing Bank in connection with German Issuing Banks payment under a
German Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, not subject to any counterclaim, setoff, qualification or exception whatsoever, and shall be made in accordance with this Agreement under all circumstances, irrespective of
any lack of validity or unenforceability of any Loan Documents; any draft, certificate or other document presented under a German Letter of Credit having been determined to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any
statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or the existence of any setoff or defense that any Obligor may have with respect to any Obligations. German Issuing Bank does not assume any responsibility for any failure or delay in
performance or any breach by the German Borrower or other Person of any obligations under any LC Documents. German Issuing Bank does not make to Lenders any express or implied warranty, representation or guaranty with respect to the 

109 

Collateral, LC Documents or any Obligor. German Issuing Bank shall not be responsible to any Lender for any
recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties contained in, or for the execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or enforceability of any LC Documents; the validity, genuineness, enforceability, collectibility, value or
sufficiency of any Collateral or the perfection of any Lien therein; or the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, business, creditworthiness or legal status of any Obligor.

(d) No
Issuing Bank Indemnitee shall be liable to any Lender or other Person for any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with any LC Documents except as a result of its actual gross negligence or willful misconduct. German Issuing Bank shall
not have any liability to any Lender if German Issuing Bank refrains from any action under a Letter of Credit or LC Documents until it receives written instructions from German Required
Lenders.

2.5.3. Cash Collateral. If any German LC Obligations, whether or not then due or payable, shall for any reason be outstanding at any time
(a) that an Event of Default exists, (b) that German Availability is less than zero, or (c) within 10 Business Days prior to the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date, then the German Borrower shall, at German Issuing
Banks or Agents request, Cash Collateralize the stated amount of all outstanding German Letters of Credit and pay to German Issuing Bank the amount of all other German LC Obligations. The German Borrower shall, on demand by German
Issuing Bank or Agent from time to time, Cash Collateralize the Fronting Exposure of any Defaulting Lender which is a German Lender. 

2.5.4. Resignation of German Issuing
Bank. German Issuing Bank may resign at any time upon notice to Agent and the German Borrower. On the effective date of such resignation, German Issuing Bank shall have no further obligation to issue, amend, renew, extend or otherwise
modify any Letter of Credit, but shall continue to have all rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank hereunder, including under Sections 2.2, 12.6 and 14.2, relating to any Letter of Credit issued prior to such date. Agent
shall promptly appoint a replacement German Issuing Bank, which, as long as no Default or Event of Default exists, shall be reasonably acceptable to the German Borrower.

SECTION 3. INTEREST, FEES AND CHARGES 

3.1 Interest. 

3.1.1. Rates and Payment of Interest. 

(a) The Obligations shall bear interest (i) if a U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loan, at the U.S. Base Rate in effect from time to time,
plus the Applicable Margin, (ii) if a Term SOFR Revolver Loan, at Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period, plus the Applicable Margin; (iii) if a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, at the Canadian Prime Rate in effect from time
to time, plus the Applicable Margin, (iv) if a Canadian Base Rate Loan, at the Canadian Base Rate in effect from time to time, plus the Applicable Margin, (v) if a Term CORRA Loan, at Term CORRA for the applicable Interest
Period, plus the Applicable Margin, (vi) if a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan, at the Foreign Base Rate in effect from time to time, plus the Applicable Margin, (vii) if a German Base Rate Loan, at the Foreign Base Rate in effect from time to time, plus the Applicable Margin, ([reserved], (viii) if a SONIA Loan, at the SONIA Rate in effect
from time to time, plus the Applicable Margin, (ix) if a SARON Loan, at the SARON Rate in effect from time to time, plus the Applicable
Margin,[reserved], (x) if a EURIBOR Loan, at
the EURIBOR Rate for the applicable Interest Period, plus the Applicable Margin, (xi) if any other U.S. Facility Obligation (including, to the extent permitted by law, interest not paid when due), at the U.S. Base Rate in effect from time to
time, plus the Applicable Margin for U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans; (xii) if any other Canadian Facility Obligation (including, to the extent permitted by law, interest not paid when due), at the Canadian Prime Rate in effect

110 

from time to time, plus the Applicable Margin for Canadian Prime Rate Loans; and (xiii) if any other U.K./Dutch Facility Obligation (including, to the extent permitted by law, interest not paid when due), at the Foreign Base Rate in effect from time to time, plus the Applicable Margin for U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans; and (xiv) if any other German Facility Obligation (including, to the extent permitted by law, interest not paid when due), at the Foreign Base Rate in effect from
time to time, plus the Applicable Margin for German Base Rate Loans. Interest shall accrue from the date the Loan is advanced or the Obligation is incurred or payable,
until paid by the applicable Borrower(s). If a Loan is repaid on the same day made, one days interest shall accrue. 

(b)
Interest on the Revolver Loans shall be payable in the currency (i.e., Dollars, Canadian Dollars, British Pounds, Swiss Francs or Euros, as the case may be) of the underlying Revolver Loan (which shall be Dollars only in the case of any U.K./Dutch Base Rate
Loan or German Base Rate Loan). 

(c) During an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to any
Obligor (other than any Insolvency Proceedings against a German Domiciled Obligor initiated by any winding-up petition that is frivolous or vexatious and is
discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement), or during any other Event of Default if Agent or Required Lenders in their discretion so elect, Obligations shall bear
interest at the Default Rate (whether before or after any judgment). Each Obligor acknowledges that the cost and expense to Agent and Lenders due to an Event of Default are difficult to ascertain and that the Default Rate is a fair and reasonable
estimate to compensate Agent and Lenders for this. 

(d) Interest accrued on the Loans shall be due and payable (i) on the last
day of the relevant Interest Period with respect to Interest Period Loans (or in the case of an Interest Period Loan with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, on each quarterly anniversary of the first day of such Interest
Period) or, in arrears on the first day of each month with respect to Base Rate Loans, and SONIA Loans and SARON Loans, and (ii) on any date of prepayment, with respect to the principal amount of Loans being
prepaid. In addition, interest accrued on the Canadian Revolver Loans shall be due and payable in arrears on the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date, interest accrued on the U.S. Revolver Loans shall be due and payable in arrears on the
U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, and interest
accrued on the U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans shall be due and payable in arrears on the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, and interest accrued on the
German Revolver Loans shall be due and payable in arrears on the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date. Interest accrued on any other Obligations shall be due and payable as provided in
the Loan Documents and, if no payment date is specified, shall be due and payable on demand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, interest accrued at the Default Rate shall be due and payable on demand. 

(e) By agreeing to make Loans under this Agreement, each Lender is confirming it has all licenses, permits and approvals necessary for use of
the reference rates referred to herein and it will do all things necessary to comply, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect such licenses, permits and approvals. 

3.1.2. Application of Term SOFR to Outstanding Loans. 

(a) Borrowers may on any Business Day, subject to delivery of a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, elect to convert any portion of the U.S.
Base Rate Loans, the Canadian Base Rate Loans, or the U.K./Dutch
Base Rate Loans, or the German Base Rate Loans, as applicable, to, or to continue any Term SOFR Loan
at the end of its Interest Period as, a Term SOFR Loan. During any Event of Default, Agent may (and shall at the direction of Required Lenders) declare that no such Loan may be made, converted or continued as a Term SOFR Loan. 

111 

(b) Whenever Borrowers desire to convert or continue Loans as Term SOFR Loans, Borrower
Agent shall give Agent a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, no later than 11:00 a.m. at least three Business Days (and at least four Business Days in the case of a U.K./Dutch
Revolver Loan or a German Revolver Loan) before the requested conversion or continuation date. Promptly after
receiving any such notice, Agent shall notify each Applicable Lender thereof. Each Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be irrevocable, and shall specify the amount of Loans to be converted or continued, the conversion or continuation date (which
shall be a Business Day), and the duration of the Interest Period (which shall be deemed to be one month if not specified). If, upon the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of any Term SOFR Loans, Borrower Agent shall have failed to deliver
a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, Borrowers shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Loans into U.S. Base Rate Loans (if owing by a U.S. Borrower), Canadian Base Rate Loans (if owing by the Canadian Borrower), or a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan (if owing by a U.K./Dutch Borrower) or a German Base Rate Loan (if owing by the German Borrower). Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility
for, nor shall it have any liability with respect to, administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and
any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternate, replacement or successor to such rate (including any Successor Rate), or any component thereof, or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its
affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any
component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. Agent may select information source(s) in its discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or
any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Successor Rate), or any component thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms hereof, and shall have no liability to any Lender, Obligor or other Person for damages of any kind, including
direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise, and whether at law or in equity) for any error or other act or omission related to or affecting the
selection, determination or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by such information source(s). 

3.1.3.
Application of Term CORRA to Outstanding Loans. 

(a) Canadian Borrower may on any Business Day, subject to delivery of a Notice of
Conversion/Continuation and the other terms hereof, elect to convert any portion of the Canadian Prime Rate Loans, or to continue any Term CORRA Loan at the end of its Interest Period as, a Term CORRA Loan. During any Event of Default, Agent may
(and shall at the direction of Required Lenders) declare that no Loan may be made, converted or continued as a Term CORRA Loan. 

(b)
Whenever Canadian Borrower desires to convert or continue Loans as Term CORRA Loans, Borrower Agent shall give Agent a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, no later than 11:00 a.m. at least three Business Days before the requested conversion or
continuation date. Promptly after receiving any such notice, Agent shall notify each Canadian Lender thereof. Each Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be irrevocable, and shall specify the amount of Loans to be converted or continued, the
conversion or continuation date (which shall be a Business Day), and the duration of the Interest Period (which shall be deemed to be one month if not specified). If, upon the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of any Term CORRA Loans,
Borrower Agent shall have failed to deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation with respect thereto as required above, Canadian Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Loans into Canadian Prime Rate Loans. 

112 

3.1.4. Application of EURIBOR Rate to Outstanding Loans. Whenever a U.K./Dutch
Borrower or the German Borrower desires to convert or continue Loans as EURIBOR Loans, Borrower Agent shall
give Agent a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, no later than 11:00 a.m. at least four Business Days before the requested conversion or continuation date. Promptly after receiving any such notice, Agent shall notify each Applicable Lender
thereof. Each Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be irrevocable, and shall specify the amount of Loans to be converted or continued, the conversion or continuation date (which shall be a Business Day), and the duration of the Interest Period
(which shall be deemed to be one month if not specified). If, upon the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of any EURIBOR Loans, Borrower Agent shall have failed to deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation with respect thereto as
required above, such Loans shall be continued as EURIBOR Loans with an Interest Period of one month. 

3.1.5. Interest
Periods. In connection with the making, conversion or continuation of any Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, Borrower Agent shall select an interest period (Interest Period) to apply, which interest period
shall be (a) with respect to Term SOFR Loans, one month, three months or six months, (b) with respect to Term CORRA Loans, one month or three months, and (c) with respect to EURIBOR Loans, one month, three months, six months or such
other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower Agent and consented to by all the applicable Lenders; provided, however, that: 

(i) the Interest Period shall commence on the date the Loan is made or continued as, or converted into, a Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term
CORRA Loan, and shall expire on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at its end; 

(ii) if any Interest Period commences
on a day for which there is no corresponding day in the calendar month at its end or if such corresponding day falls after the last Business Day of such month, then the Interest Period shall expire on the last Business Day of such month; and if any
Interest Period would expire on a day that is not a Business Day, the period shall expire on the next Business Day; and 

(iii) no Interest
Period shall extend beyond: (i) the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date in the case of any Revolving Loan owing by the U.S. Borrowers, (ii) the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date in the case of any Loan owing by the
Canadian Borrower, and (iii) the U.K./Dutch Revolver
Commitment Termination Date in the case of any Loan owing by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers, and (iv) the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date in the case
of any Loan owing by the German Borrower. 

3.2 Fees. 

3.2.1. Unused Line Fee. 

(a) U.S. Borrowers shall, jointly and severally, pay to Agent, for the Pro Rata benefit of U.S. Lenders, a fee equal to the U.S. Unused Line
Fee Rate times the amount by which the average daily U.S. Revolver Commitments exceed the average daily balance of U.S. Revolver Loans and stated amount of U.S. Letters of Credit, in each case, during any month. Such fee shall be payable in arrears,
on the first day of each month and on the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date. 

(b) Canadian Borrower shall pay to Agent, for the Pro
Rata benefit of Canadian Lenders, a fee equal to the Canadian Unused Line Fee Rate times the amount by which the average daily Canadian Revolver Commitments exceed the average daily balance of Canadian Revolver Loans and stated amount of Canadian
Letters of Credit, in each case, during any month. Such fee shall be payable in arrears, on the first day of each month and on the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date. 

113 

(c) The U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall, jointly and severally, pay to Agent, for the Pro Rata
benefit of U.K./Dutch Lenders, a fee equal to the U.K./Dutch Unused Line Fee Rate times the amount by which the average daily U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments exceed the average daily balance of U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and stated amount of
U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit, in each case, during any month. Such fee shall be payable in arrears, on the first day of each month and on the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date. 

(d) The German Borrower shall pay to Agent, for the Pro Rata
benefit of German Lenders, a fee equal to the German Unused Line Fee Rate times the amount by which the average daily German Revolver Commitments exceed the average daily balance of German Revolver Loans and stated amount of German Letters of
Credit, in each case, during any month. Such fee shall be payable in arrears, on the first day of each month and on the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date.

3.2.2. U.S. LC Facility Fees. The U.S. Borrowers shall pay (a) to Agent, for the Pro Rata benefit of the U.S. Lenders, a fee equal
to the per annum rate of the Applicable Margin in effect for Term SOFR Revolver Loans times the average daily stated amount of U.S. Letters of Credit, which fee shall be payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each month; (b) to Agent,
for its own account, a fronting fee equal to 0.125% per annum on the stated amount of each U.S. Letter of Credit, which fee shall be payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each month; and (c) to the applicable U.S. Issuing Bank,
for its own account, all customary charges associated with the issuance, amending, negotiating, payment, processing, transfer and administration of U.S. Letters of Credit, which charges shall be paid as and when incurred. At the election of Agent or
the U.S. Required Lenders, during an Event of Default, the fee payable under clause (a) shall be increased by 2% per annum. 

3.2.3. Canadian LC Facility Fees. The Canadian Borrower shall pay (a) to Agent, for the Pro Rata benefit of the Canadian Lenders, a
fee equal to the per annum rate of the Applicable Margin in effect for Term CORRA Loans times the average daily stated amount of Canadian Letters of Credit, which fee shall be payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each month; (b) to
Agent, for its own account, a fronting fee equal to 0.125% per annum on the stated amount of each Canadian Letter of Credit, which fee shall be payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each month; and (c) to the Canadian Issuing
Bank, for its own account, all customary charges associated with the issuance, amending, negotiating, payment, processing, transfer and administration of Canadian Letters of Credit, which charges shall be paid as and when incurred. At the election
of Agent or the Canadian Required Lenders, during an Event of Default, the fee payable under clause (a) shall be increased by 2% per annum. 

3.2.4. U.K./Dutch LC Facility Fees. The U.K./Dutch Borrowers shall pay (a) to Agent, for the Pro Rata benefit of the U.K./Dutch
Lenders, a fee equal to the per annum rate of the Applicable Margin in effect for Term SOFR Revolver Loans times the average daily stated amount of U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit, which fee shall be payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each
month; (b) to Agent, for its own account, a fronting fee equal to 0.125% per annum on the stated amount of each U.K./Dutch Letter of Credit, which fee shall be payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each month; and (c) to the
U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank, for its own account, all customary charges associated with the issuance, amending, negotiating, payment, processing, transfer and administration of U.K./Dutch Letters of Credit, which charges shall be paid as and when
incurred. At the election of Agent or the U.K./Dutch Required Lenders, during an Event of Default, the fee payable under clause (a) shall be increased by 2% per annum. 

3.2.5. German LC Facility Fees. The
German Borrower shall pay (a) to Agent, for the Pro Rata benefit of the German Lenders, a fee equal to the per annum rate of the Applicable Margin in effect for Term SOFR Revolver Loans times the average daily stated amount of German Letters of
Credit, which fee shall be payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each month; (b) to Agent, for its own account, a fronting fee equal to 0.125% per annum on the stated amount of each German Letter of Credit, which fee shall be
payable monthly in arrears, on the first day of each month; and (c) to the German Issuing Bank, for its own account, all customary charges associated with the issuance, amending, negotiating, payment, processing, transfer and administration of German Letters of Credit, which charges shall be paid as and when incurred. At the election of Agent or the German Required
Lenders, during an Event of Default, the fee payable under clause (a) shall be increased by 2% per annum.

114 

3.2.5.
[Reserved]. 

3.2.6. [Reserved]. 

3.2.7. Other Fees. Borrowers shall pay such other fees as described in the Fee Letters. 

3.3 Computation of Interest, Fees, Yield Protection. All interest, as well as fees and other charges calculated on a per annum
basis, shall be computed for the actual days elapsed, based on a year of 360 days, or, in the case of (a) interest based on the U.S. Base Rate, Canadian Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate or Term CORRA Screen Rate on the basis of a 365 day year, or
(b) a Revolver Loan made in British Pounds, on the basis of a 365 or 366 day year, as the case may be. Each determination by Agent of any interest, fees or interest rate hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. All fees shall be fully earned when due and shall not be subject to rebate, refund or proration. All fees payable under Section 3.2 are compensation for services and are not, and shall not be deemed to be, interest or any
other charge for the use, forbearance or detention of money. A certificate as to amounts payable by any Borrower under Section 3.4, 3.5, 3.7, 3.9 or 5.9, submitted to the Borrower Agent by Agent or the affected Lender or Issuing
Bank, as applicable, shall be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers shall pay such amounts to the appropriate party within 10 days following receipt of the certificate. For the purposes of the
Interest Act (Canada), the yearly rate of interest to which any rate calculated on the basis of a period of time different from the actual number of days in the year (360 days, for example) is equivalent is the stated rate multiplied by the
actual number of days in the year (365 or 366, as applicable) and divided by the number of days in the shorter period (360 days, in the example), and the parties hereto acknowledge that there is a material distinction between the nominal and
effective rates of interest and that they are capable of making the calculations necessary to compare such rates and that the calculations herein are to be made using the nominal rate method and not on any basis that gives effect to the principle of
deemed reinvestment of interest. Each Canadian Domiciled Obligor confirms that it fully understands and is able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to Loans and other Obligations based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates
provided for in this Agreement and each Canadian Domiciled Obligor hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defense or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to this Agreement or to any other Loan Documents, that the
interest payable under this Agreement and the calculation thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Canadian Domiciled Obligors as required pursuant to Section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada). 

3.4 Reimbursement Obligations. Borrowers within each Borrower Group shall reimburse Agent and each Lender for all Extraordinary
Expenses incurred by Agent or such Lender in reference to such Borrower Group or its related Obligations or Collateral. In addition to such Extraordinary Expenses, such Borrowers shall also reimburse Agent for all reasonable and documented legal
(limited in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one counsel to all Credit Parties, taken as a whole, and if deemed reasonably necessary by Agent, one local counsel in each applicable
jurisdiction for all Credit Parties, taken as a whole, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to each group of similarly situated affected Credit Parties, and (y) one additional local
counsel to each group of similarly situated affected Credit Parties) and accounting, appraisal, consulting, and other fees, costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with (a) negotiation and preparation of any Loan Documents, including
any amendment or other modification thereof; (b) administration of and actions relating to any Collateral for its Obligations, Loan Documents and transactions contemplated thereby, including any actions taken to perfect or maintain priority of
Agents Liens on any such Collateral, to maintain any insurance required hereunder or to verify such Collateral; and 

115 

(c) subject to any limits of Section 10.1.17(b), each inspection, audit or appraisal with respect to any Obligor within such Borrowers related Obligor Group or Collateral
securing such Obligor Groups Obligations, whether prepared by Agents personnel or a third party. All legal, accounting and consulting fees shall be charged to Borrowers by Agents professionals at their full hourly rates, regardless
of any reduced or alternative fee billing arrangements that Agent, any Lender or any of their Affiliates may have with such professionals with respect to this or any other transaction. If, for any reason (including inaccurate reporting on financial
statements, a Borrowing Base Certificate, or a Compliance Certificate), it is determined that a higher Applicable Margin, U.S. Unused Line Fee Rate, Canadian Unused Line Fee Rate, or U.K./Dutch Unused Line Fee Rate, or German Unused Line Fee Rate should have applied to a period than was actually applied,
then the proper margin shall be applied retroactively and the applicable Borrowers shall immediately pay to Agent, for the Pro Rata benefit of Applicable Lenders, an amount equal to the difference between the amount of interest and fees that would
have accrued using the proper margin and the amount actually paid (provided that no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of such shortfall in payment so long as such shortfall is paid within 10 Business Days
of notice from Agent to Borrower Agent). All amounts payable by Borrowers under this Section shall be due on demand. 

3.5
Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Requirements of Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to perform any of its obligations
hereunder, to make, maintain, fund or commit to, participate in, or charge applicable interest or fees with respect to any Term SOFR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, or to determine or charge interest or fees based on SOFR, Term SOFR or Term CORRA, or any
Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, the applicable Available Currency in any applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to
Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to perform such obligations, to make maintain, fund, commit to, participate in or continue Term SOFR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, as applicable, or to convert U.S. Base Rate Loans or Canadian Base Rate
Loans to Term SOFR Loans, or Canadian Prime Rate Loans to Term CORRA Loans, or U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans or German Base Rate Loans toto Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended, (b) if such
notice asserts the illegality of such Lender to make or maintain U.S. Base Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans whose interest rate is determined by reference to Term SOFR or Term CORRA, as applicable, the interest rate
applicable to such Lenders U.S. Base Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans shall, as necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of U.S. Base Rate or
Canadian Base Rate, or the Term CORRA component of the Canadian Prime Rate, as applicable, in each case of clauses (a) and (b), until such Lender notifies Agent that the circumstances giving rise to such Lenders determination no longer
exist. Upon delivery of such notice, the applicable Borrower(s) with respect to such Loans shall prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to U.S. Base Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans, or U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans or German Base Rate Loans (which
alternative to prepayment aforesaid shall only be applicable in relation to any Term SOFR Loans of such Lenders to a U.K./Dutch Borrower or the German
Borrower, in each case, in the case of any such Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars), or all Term CORRA Loans to Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as applicable, either on the last day of the
Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans or Term CORRA Loans and charge applicable interest to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans
or Term CORRA Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the applicable Borrower(s) with respect to such Loans shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 

116 

3.6 Inability to Determine Rates. (a) If in connection with any request
for a Term SOFR Loan, a Term CORRA Loan, a SONIA Loan, a SARON Loan or a EURIBOR Loan, or a conversion to or
continuation thereof, as applicable (i) Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance
with Section 3.6(b) and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.6(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate, as applicable, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not
otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the Applicable Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, Term CORRA Loan, SONIA Loan, SARON Loan or EURIBOR Loan, or in connection with an existing or proposed U.S. Base Rate Loan, Canadian Base Rate
Loan, or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, as applicable, or (ii) Agent or the U.S. Required Lenders, with respect to U.S. Revolver Loans, or the Canadian Required Lenders, with respect to Canadian Revolver Loans, or the U.K./Dutch Required Lenders,
with respect to U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans, or the German Required Lenders, with respect to German Revolver Loans, determine that for any reason Term SOFR, SONIA, SARON, EURIBOR or
Term CORRA for the Applicable Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, Term CORRA Loan, SONIA Loan, SARON Loan or EURIBOR Loan, does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan,
then Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower Agent and each Applicable Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Applicable Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Loans, SARON Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, or to convert U.S. Base Rate Loans or Canadian Base Rate Loans to
Term SOFR Loans or to convert Canadian Prime Rate Loans to Term CORRA Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Loans,
SARON Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a
determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the U.S. Base Rate or the Canadian Base Rate, or the Term CORRA component of the Canadian Prime Rate, the utilization of such component in determining the
U.S. Base Rate, Canadian Base Rate or Canadian Prime Rate, as applicable, shall be suspended, in each case until Agent (or, in the case of a determination by U.S. Required Lenders, the Canadian Required Lenders, or the U.K./Dutch Required Lenders or the German Required Lenders
described above, until Agent upon instruction by the U.S. Required Lenders, Canadian Required Lenders, or U.K./Dutch Required Lenders or German Required Lenders, as applicable) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (I) the Borrower
Agent may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of a Term SOFR Loan, SONIA Loan, SARON Loan, EURIBOR Loan or a Term CORRA Loan (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loan, SONIA Loan, SARON Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan or Interest Period) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a U.S. Base Rate Loan, a Canadian Base Rate Loan, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan,
or a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan, or a German Base Rate Loan denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein, (II)
any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall convert to U.S. Base Rate Loans or Canadian Base Rate Loans, as applicable, at the end of their respective Interest Periods, (III) any outstanding Term CORRA Loans shall convert to Canadian Prime Rate Loans at
the end of their respective Interest Periods, and (IV) any outstanding affected SONIA Loans, SARON Loans
or EURIBOR Loans shall either (1) be converted into a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan or a German
Base Rate Loan denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Loan (immediately in the case of SONIA Loans and SARON Loans and, in the case of EURIBOR Loans, at the end of the applicable Interest Period) or
(2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of a SONIA Loan or a SARON Loan, or at the end of
the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a EURIBOR Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower Agent (x) in the case of a SONIA Loan
or a SARON Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower Agent of such notice of (y) in the case of a EURIBOR Loan, by the last day of the current Interest
Period for the applicable EURIBOR Loan, the Borrower Agent shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 

(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower Agent or Required Lenders notify Agent (with, in the case of
the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower Agent) that the Borrower Agent or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

117 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for a
currency, including because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) is available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for an Agreed
Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Agreed Currency, or shall or will otherwise
cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to Agent, that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency after such
specific date (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability
Date); 

then, in relation to Term SOFR Loans, on a date and time determined by Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR
Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled
Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by Agent, in each case, without any amendment
to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Term SOFR Successor Rate). 

If the Term SOFR Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) in relation to Term SOFR, if Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not
available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) in relation to any Relevant Rate, if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.6(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Relevant Rate then
in effect, then in each case, Agent and the Borrower Agent may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.6 at the end
of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for such alternative benchmarks
in similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due
consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for such benchmarks in similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for
calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall
constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower Agent unless,
prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower Agent and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 

118 

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided
that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by Agent in consultation with Parent. 

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate
will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

In connection with the implementation of a
Successor Rate, Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective
without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower Agent and the Lenders
reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

(c) [Reserved.] 

(d) For purposes of this Section 3.6, those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to
make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Agreed Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 

3.7 Increased
Costs; Capital Adequacy. 

3.7.1. Change in Law. If any Change in Law shall: 

(a) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of,
deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in Term SOFR, EURIBOR or Term CORRA) or any Issuing Bank; 

(b) subject any Lender or any Issuing Bank to any Tax with respect to any Loan, Loan Document, Letter of Credit or participation in LC
Obligations, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender or such Issuing Bank in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 5.9 (or would be covered by Section 5.9 but for
exclusions in Sections 5.9.2(a) and 5.9.2(l)) and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank); or 

(c) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting any Loan, Loan
Document, Letter of Credit, participation in LC Obligations, or Commitment; 

and the result thereof shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making
or maintaining any Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or such Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit
(or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then,
upon request of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, the Borrower(s) of any Borrower Group with respect to such Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or participations in LC Obligations) will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

119 

3.7.2. Capital Adequacy. If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change
in Law affecting such Lender or such Issuing Bank or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing
the rate of return on such Lenders, such Issuing Banks or holding companys capital as a consequence of this Agreement, or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or participations in LC
Obligations, to a level below that which such Lender, such Issuing Bank or holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders, such Issuing Banks and holding companys policies
with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrowers (or the applicable Borrower(s) of any Borrower Group with respect to such Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or participations in LC Obligations) will pay to such Lender or
such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate it or its holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

3.7.3. Compensation. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section
shall not constitute a waiver of its right to demand such compensation, but the Borrower(s) of any Borrower Group shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine
months prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank notifies the Borrower Agent of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation
therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

3.8 Mitigation. If any Lender gives a notice under Section 3.5 or requests compensation under
Section 3.7, or if the Borrower(s) of any Borrower Group are required to pay additional amounts with respect to a Lender under Section 5.9, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office
or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate the need for such notice or reduce amounts payable or to
be withheld in the future, as applicable; and (b) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or unlawful. The Borrower(s) of each affected Borrower Group shall pay
all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender that has issued a Commitment to such Borrower Group in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

3.9 Funding Losses. If for any reason (other than default by a Lender) (a) any Borrowing of, or conversion to or
continuation of, a Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or a Term CORRA Loan does not occur on the date specified therefor in a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation (whether or not withdrawn), (b) any repayment or conversion of a
Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or a Term CORRA Loan occurs on a day other than the end of its Interest Period, (c) a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) is required to assign a Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan prior to the end
of its Interest Period pursuant to Section 13.4, or (d) the Borrower(s) of any Borrower Group fail(s) to repay a Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or a Term CORRA Loan when required hereunder, then such applicable Borrower(s) shall pay
to Agent its customary administrative charge and to each Applicable Lender all losses and expenses that it sustains as a consequence thereof, including loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from liquidation or redeployment of
funds or from fees payable to terminate deposits of matching funds but excluding the Applicable Margin. The Lenders shall not be required to purchase deposits in any applicable interbank market or any other offshore market to fund any Term SOFR Loan
or EURIBOR Loan or any Term CORRA Loan, but the provisions hereof shall be deemed to apply as if each Applicable Lender had purchased such deposits to fund its Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, as applicable. 

120 

3.10 Maximum Interest. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Requirements of Law (maximum rate). If Agent or any Lender shall receive interest
in an amount that exceeds the maximum rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Obligations of the Borrower Group to which such excess interest relates or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to such Borrower
Group. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged or received by Agent or a Lender exceeds the maximum rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as
an expense, fee or premium rather than interest; (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof; and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated
term of the Obligations hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.10, if any provision of any of the Loan Documents would obligate any Canadian Domiciled Obligor to make any payment of
interest with respect to the Canadian Facility Obligations in an amount or calculated at a rate which would be prohibited by Requirements of Law or would result in the receipt of interest with respect to the Canadian Facility Obligations at a
criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)), then, notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rates shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the
case may be, as would not be so prohibited by law or so result in a receipt by the applicable recipient of interest with respect to the Canadian Facility Obligations at a criminal rate, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, as
follows: (i) first, by reducing the amount or rates of interest required to be paid by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors to the applicable recipient under the Loan Documents; and (ii) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, premiums
and other amounts required to be paid by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors to the applicable recipient which would constitute interest with respect to the Canadian Facility Obligations for purposes of Section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if the applicable recipient shall have received an amount in excess of the maximum permitted by that section of the Criminal Code (Canada), then the
Canadian Domiciled Obligors shall be entitled, by notice in writing to Agent, to obtain reimbursement from the applicable recipient in an amount equal to such excess, and, pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount
payable by the applicable recipient to the applicable Canadian Domiciled Obligor. Any amount or rate of interest with respect to the Canadian Facility Obligations referred to in this Section 3.10 shall be determined in accordance with
generally accepted actuarial practices and principles as an effective annual rate of interest over the term that any Loans to the Canadian Borrower remain outstanding on the assumption that any charges, fees or expenses that fall within the meaning
of interest (as defined in the Criminal Code (Canada)) shall, if they relate to a specific period of time, be pro rated over that period of time and otherwise be pro rated over the period from the Original Agreement Closing Date to the
date of Full Payment of the Canadian Facility Obligations, and, in the event of a dispute, a certificate of a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries appointed by Agent shall be conclusive for the purposes of such determination. 

SECTION 4. LOAN ADMINISTRATION 

4.1 Manner of Borrowing and Funding Revolver Loans. 

4.1.1. Notice of Borrowing. 

(a) Whenever Borrowers within a Borrower Group desire funding of a Borrowing of Revolver Loans, Borrower Agent shall give Agent a Notice of
Borrowing. Such notice must be received by Agent no later than 11:00 a.m. (i) on the Business Day of the requested funding date, in the case of U.S. Base Rate Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans, or Canadian Base Rate Loans, (ii) on the
Business Day prior to the requested funding date, in the case of U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans or German Base Rate Loans, and (iii) at least three Business Days prior (and at least four Business Days in the case of a U.K./Dutch Revolver 

121 

Loan or a German Revolver Loan) to the requested
funding date, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Loans, SARON Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA
Loans. Notices received after 11:00 a.m. shall be deemed received on the next Business Day. Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (A) the amount of the Borrowing, (B) the requested funding date (which must be a
Business Day), (C) whether the Borrowing is to be made as a U.S. Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan (in the case of a Borrowing by the U.S. Borrowers), or as a Canadian Base Rate Loan, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, or a Term CORRA
Loan (in the case of a Borrowing by the Canadian Borrower), or as a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, a SONIA Loan or a EURIBOR Loan (in the case of a Borrowing by the U.K./Dutch Borrowers), or as a German Base Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, a SONIA Loan, a EURIBOR Loan or a SARON Loan (in the case of a Borrowing by a German Borrower), (D) in the case of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, the duration of the applicable Interest Period (which shall be deemed to be one month if not specified), and (E) in the case of a
Borrowing by the Canadian Borrower, whether such Loan is to be denominated in Dollars or Canadian Dollars. 

(b) Unless payment is
otherwise timely made by Borrowers within a Borrower Group, the becoming due of any amount required to be paid with respect to any of the Obligations of the Obligor Group to which such Borrower Group belongs (whether principal, interest, fees or
other charges, including Extraordinary Expenses and LC Obligations, but excluding Cash Collateral and Secured Bank Product Obligations) shall be deemed to be a request for Revolver Loans by such Borrower Group on the due date, in the amount of such
Obligations and shall bear interest at the per annum rate applicable hereunder to U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans, in the case of such Obligations owing by any U.S. Facility Obligor, or to Canadian Prime Rate Loans, in the case of such Obligations
owing by a Canadian Domiciled Obligor, or to U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans, in the case of such Obligations owing by a U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor, or to German Base
Rate Loans, in the case of such Obligations owing by a German Domiciled Obligor. The proceeds of such Revolver Loans shall be disbursed as direct payment of the relevant Obligation. In
addition, Agent may, at its option, charge such Obligations of an Obligor Group against any operating, investment or other account of an Obligor within such Obligor Group maintained with Agent or any of its Affiliates. 

(c) If Borrowers within a Borrower Group establish a controlled disbursement account with Agent or any branch or Affiliate of Agent, then the
presentation for payment of any check, ACH or electronic debit, or other payment item at a time when there are insufficient funds to cover it shall be deemed to be a request for Revolver Loans by such Borrower Group on the date of such presentation,
in the amount of such payment item, and shall bear interest at the per annum rate applicable hereunder to U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans, in the case of insufficient funds owing by any U.S. Facility Obligor, or to Canadian Prime Rate Loans, in the
case of insufficient funds owing by a Canadian Domiciled Obligor, or to U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans, in the case of insufficient funds owing by a U.K./Dutch Domiciled
Obligor, or to German Base Rate Loans, in the case of insufficient funds owing by a German Domiciled Obligor.
The proceeds of such Revolver Loans may be disbursed directly to the controlled disbursement account or other appropriate account. 

4.1.2. Fundings by Lenders. 

(a) Each Applicable Lender shall timely honor its Revolver Commitment by funding its Pro Rata share of each Borrowing of Revolver Loans that is
properly requested hereunder. Except for Borrowings to be made as Swingline Loans, Agent shall endeavor to notify the Applicable Lenders of each Notice of Borrowing (or deemed request for a Borrowing) by 12:00 noon (Applicable Time Zone) on the
proposed funding date (and by 12:00 p.m. (Applicable Time Zone) on the Business Day prior to the proposed funding date, in the case of U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans and
German Base Rate Loans) for U.S. Base Rate Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans,
or U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loans or German Base Rate Loans, or by 3:00 p.m. (Applicable Time Zone) at least two Business Days before

122 

any proposed funding of Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Loans, SARON Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans. Each Applicable Lender shall fund to Agent such Lenders Pro Rata share of the Borrowing to the account specified by Agent in immediately available funds not later than
2:00 p.m. (Applicable Time Zone) on the requested funding date, unless Agents notice is received after the times provided above, in which case Lender shall fund its Pro Rata share by 11:00 a.m. (Applicable Time Zone) on the next Business Day.
Subject to its receipt of such amounts from the Applicable Lenders, Agent shall disburse the proceeds of the Revolver Loans as directed by Borrower Agent. Unless Agent shall have received (in sufficient time to act) written notice from an Applicable
Lender that it does not intend to fund its Pro Rata share of a Borrowing, Agent may assume that such Lender has deposited or promptly will deposit its share with Agent, and Agent may disburse a corresponding amount to the applicable Borrower(s). If
an Applicable Lenders share of any Borrowing or of any settlement pursuant to Section 4.1.3(b) is not received by Agent, then the Borrowers within the applicable Borrower Group agree to repay to Agent on demand the amount of
such share, together with interest thereon from the date disbursed until repaid, at the rate applicable to such Borrowing. 

4.1.3.
Swingline Loans; Settlement. 

(a) Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, advance U.S. Swingline Loans to the U.S. Borrowers, up
to an aggregate outstanding amount equal to 10% of the aggregate U.S. Revolver Commitments, unless the funding is specifically required to be made by all U.S. Lenders hereunder. Each U.S. Swingline Loan shall constitute a U.S. Base Rate Revolver
Loan for all purposes, except that payments thereon shall be made to Agent for its own account. The obligation of the U.S. Borrowers to repay U.S. Swingline Loans shall be evidenced by the records of Agent and need not be evidenced by any promissory
note. Agent (acting through its Canada branch) may, but shall not be obligated to, advance Canadian Swingline Loans to the Canadian Borrower, up to an aggregate outstanding amount equal to 10% of the aggregate Canadian Revolver Commitments, unless
the funding is specifically required to be made by all Canadian Lenders hereunder. Each Canadian Swingline Loan shall constitute a Canadian Prime Rate Revolver Loan or a Canadian Base Rate Loan, as applicable, for all purposes, except that payments
thereon shall be made to Agent (acting through its Canada branch) for its own account. The obligation of the Canadian Borrower to repay Canadian Swingline Loans shall be evidenced by the records of Agent (acting through its Canada branch) and need
not be evidenced by any promissory note. Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, advance U.K./Dutch Swingline Loans to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers, up to an aggregate outstanding amount equal to 10% of the aggregate U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments,
unless the funding is specifically required to be made by all U.K./Dutch Lenders hereunder. Each U.K./Dutch Swingline Loan shall be made in and denominated only in Dollars, and shall constitute a U.K./Dutch Base Rate Loan for all purposes, except
that payments thereon shall be made to Agent for its own account. The obligation of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers to repay U.K./Dutch Swingline Loans shall be evidenced by the records of Agent and need not be evidenced by any promissory note. Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, advance German Swingline Loans to the German Borrower, up to an aggregate outstanding amount equal to 10% of the aggregate German
Revolver Commitments, unless the funding is specifically required to be made by all German Lenders hereunder. Each German Swingline Loan shall be made in and denominated only in Dollars, and shall constitute a German Base Rate Loan for all purposes,
except that payments thereon shall be made to Agent for its own account. The obligation of the German Borrower to repay German Swingline Loans shall be evidenced by the records of Agent and need not be evidenced by any promissory note.

(b) Settlement of Swingline Loans and other Revolver Loans among Lenders
and Agent shall take place on a date determined from time to time by Agent (but at least weekly), in accordance with the Settlement Report delivered by Agent to Lenders. Between settlement dates, Agent may in its discretion apply payments on
Revolver Loans to Swingline Loans, regardless of any designation by any Borrower or any provision herein to the contrary. Each Lenders obligation to make settlements with Agent is absolute and unconditional, without offset, counterclaim or
other defense, and whether or not the 

123 

Commitments have terminated, an Overadvance exists or the conditions in Section 6 are satisfied. If, due to an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to a Borrower or otherwise, any U.S.
Swingline Loan may not be settled among the U.S. Lenders hereunder, then each U.S. Lender shall be deemed to have purchased from Agent a Pro Rata participation in such Loan and shall transfer the amount of such participation to Agent, in immediately
available funds, within one Business Day after Agents request therefor. If, due to an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to a Borrower or otherwise, any Canadian Swingline Loan may not be settled among the Canadian Lenders hereunder, then each
Canadian Lender shall be deemed to have purchased from Agent a Pro Rata participation in such Loan and shall transfer the amount of such participation to Agent, in immediately available funds, within one Business Day after Agents request
therefor. If, due to an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to a Borrower or otherwise, any U.K./Dutch Swingline Loan may not be settled among the U.K./Dutch Lenders hereunder, then each U.K./Dutch Lender shall be deemed to have purchased from Agent
a Pro Rata participation in such Loan and shall transfer the amount of such participation to Agent, in immediately available funds, within one Business Day after Agents request therefore. If, due to an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to a Borrower or otherwise, any German Swingline Loan may not be settled among the German Lenders hereunder, then each
German Lender shall be deemed to have purchased from Agent a Pro Rata participation in such Loan and shall transfer the amount of such participation to Agent, in immediately available funds, within one Business Day after Agents request
therefore.

4.1.4. Notices. Borrowers may request, convert or
continue Loans, select interest rates and transfer funds based on telephonic or e-mailed instructions to Agent. Borrowers shall confirm each such request by prompt delivery to Agent of a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation, if
applicable, but if it differs materially from the action taken by Agent or Lenders, the records of Agent and Lenders shall govern. Neither Agent nor any Lender shall have any liability for any loss suffered by a Borrower as a result of Agent or any
Lender acting upon its understanding of telephonic or e-mailed instructions from a person believed in good faith by Agent or any Lender to be a person authorized to give such instructions on a Borrowers behalf. 

4.2 Defaulting Lender. 

4.2.1. Reallocation of Pro Rata Share; Amendments. For purposes of determining Lenders obligations to fund or participate in Loans
or Letters of Credit, Agent may exclude the Commitments and Loans of any Defaulting Lender(s) from the calculation of Pro Rata shares. A Defaulting Lender shall have no right to vote on any amendment, waiver or other modification of a Loan Document,
except as provided in Section 14.1.1(c). 

4.2.2. Payments; Fees. Agent may, in its discretion, receive and retain any
amounts payable to a Defaulting Lender under the Loan Documents, and a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have assigned to Agent such amounts until all Obligations owing to Agent, non-Defaulting Lenders and other Secured Parties have been paid in
full. Agent may apply such amounts to the Defaulting Lenders defaulted obligations, use the funds to Cash Collateralize such Lenders Fronting Exposure, or readvance the amounts, in accordance with this Agreement, to the Borrowers of the
Borrower Group to which such defaulted obligations relate. A Lender shall not be entitled to receive any fees accruing hereunder during the period in which it is a Defaulting Lender, and the unfunded portion of its Commitment shall be disregarded
for purposes of calculating the unused line fees under Section 3.2.1. If any LC Obligations owing to a Defaulted Lender are reallocated to other Lenders, fees attributable to such LC Obligations under Section 3.2.2,
Section 3.2.3, Section 3.2.4, and Section 3.2.5, as applicable, shall be paid to such Lenders. Agent shall be paid all fees attributable to LC Obligations that are not reallocated. 

124 

4.2.3. Cure. Borrowers, Agent and Issuing Banks may agree in writing that a Lender is
no longer a Defaulting Lender. At such time, Pro Rata shares shall be reallocated without exclusion of such Lenders Commitments and Loans, and all outstanding Revolver Loans, LC Obligations and other exposures under the Revolver Commitments
shall be reallocated among Lenders and settled by Agent (with appropriate payments by the reinstated Lender) in accordance with the readjusted Pro Rata shares. Unless expressly agreed by Borrowers, Agent and Issuing Banks, or as expressly provided
herein with respect to Bail-In Actions and related matters, no reinstatement of a Defaulting Lender shall constitute a waiver or release of claims against such Lender. The failure of any Lender to fund a Loan, to make a payment in respect of LC
Obligations or otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations, and no Lender shall be responsible for default by another Lender. 

4.3 Number and Amount of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans, SONIA Loans,
SARON Loans, Term CORRA Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans; Determination of Rate.

4.3.1. With respect to the U.S. Borrowers, (a) no more than 10 Borrowings of Term SOFR Loans may be outstanding at any time, and all Term
SOFR Loans to U.S. Borrowers having the same length and beginning date of their Interest Periods shall be aggregated together and considered one Borrowing for this purpose, and (b) each Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans when made, continued or
converted shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 or an increment of $1,000,000, in excess thereof. 

4.3.2. With respect to the Canadian
Borrower, (a) no more than 5 Borrowings of Term SOFR Loans may be outstanding at any time, and all Term SOFR Loans having the same length and beginning date of their Interest Periods shall be aggregated together and considered one Borrowing for
this purpose, (b) no more than 5 Borrowings of Term CORRA Loans may be outstanding at any time, and all Term CORRA Loans having the same length and beginning date of their Interest Periods shall be aggregated together and considered one
Borrowing for this purpose, (c) each Borrowing of such Loans when made, continued or converted shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of Term CORRA Loans, Cdn$1,000,000), or an increment of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of
Term CORRA Loans, Cdn$1,000,000) in excess thereof, (d) and each Borrowing of Canadian Prime Rate Loans when made, continued or converted shall be in a minimum amount of Cdn$500,000 or an increment of Cdn$100,000 in excess thereof, and
(e) each Borrowing of Canadian Base Rate Loans when made, continued or converted shall be in a minimum amount of $500,000 or an increment of $100,000 in excess thereof. 

4.3.3. With respect to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers, (a) no more than 5 Borrowings of Term SOFR Loans and/or EURIBOR Loans may be outstanding
at any time, and all Term SOFR Loans and EURIBOR Loans having the same length and beginning date of their Interest Periods and in the same Available Currency shall be aggregated together and considered one Borrowing for this purpose, and
(b) each Borrowing of such Loans when made, continued or converted shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of SONIA Loans, 1,000,000 or, in the case of EURIBOR Loans, Euros 1,000,000) or an increment of $1,000,000
(or, in the case of SONIA Loans, 1,000,000 or, in the case of EURIBOR Loans, Euros 1,000,000), in excess thereof. 

4.3.4. With respect to the German Borrower, (a) no more than 5 Borrowings of Term SOFR Loans and/or EURIBOR Loans may be outstanding at any time, and all Term SOFR
Loans and/or EURIBOR Loans having the same length and beginning date of their Interest Periods and in the same Available Currency shall be aggregated together and considered one Borrowing for this purpose, and (b) each Borrowing of such Loans
when made, continued or converted shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of SONIA Loans, 1,000,000, SARON Loans, CHF1,000,000 or EURIBOR Loans, Euros 1,000,000) or an increment of $1,000,000 (or, in the case of SONIA
Loans, 1,000,000, SARON Loans, CHF1,000,000 or EURIBOR Loans, Euros 1,000,000), in excess thereof. 

4.3.4.
[Reserved]. 

125 

4.3.5. Upon determining Term SOFR, EURIBOR or the Term CORRA for any Interest Period
requested by the Borrower Agent on behalf of a Borrower Group, Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower Agent thereof by telephone or electronically and, if requested by the Borrower Agent, shall confirm any telephonic notice in writing. 

4.4 Borrower Agent. Each Borrower and other Obligor hereby designates Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. (formerly known as Callaway
Golf Company), a Delaware corporation (Borrower Agent) as its representative and agent for all purposes under the Loan Documents, including requests for Loans and Letters of Credit, designation of interest rates, delivery or
receipt of communications, preparation and delivery of Borrowing Base and financial reports, receipt and payment of Obligations, requests for waivers, amendments or other accommodations, actions under the Loan Documents (including in respect of
compliance with covenants), and all other dealings with Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender. Borrower Agent hereby accepts such appointment. Agent and Lenders shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, any notice
or communication (including any notice of borrowing) delivered by Borrower Agent on behalf of any Borrower. Agent and Lenders may give any notice or communication with a Borrower or other Obligor hereunder to Borrower Agent on behalf of such
Borrower or other Obligor. Each of Agent, Issuing Banks and Lenders shall have the right, in its discretion, to deal exclusively with Borrower Agent for any or all purposes under the Loan Documents. Each Borrower and other Obligor agrees that any
notice, election, communication, representation, agreement or undertaking made on its behalf by Borrower Agent shall be binding upon and enforceable against it. Each Borrower hereby releases the Borrower Agent to the extent possible from any
restrictions on representing several persons and self-dealing applicable to it under any applicable law, in particular pursuant to Section 181 of the German Civil
Code (Brgerliches Gesetzbuch). 

4.5 One Obligation.
The Loans, LC Obligations and other Obligations of the applicable Borrower(s) of each Borrower Group and their respective Guarantors shall constitute one general obligation of such Borrower(s) of such Borrower Group and their respective Guarantors
and (unless otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document) shall be secured by Agents Lien upon all Collateral of such Borrower(s) of such Borrower Group and their respective Guarantors; provided, however, that each Credit
Party shall be deemed to be a creditor of, and the holder of a separate claim against, each Borrower or other Obligor to the extent of any Obligations jointly or severally owed by such Borrower or other Obligor to such Credit Party. 

4.6 Effect of Termination. On the effective date of any termination of any of the Revolver Commitments, all Obligations with
respect thereto shall be immediately due and payable, and any Lender may terminate its and its Affiliates Bank Products. All undertakings of Borrowers contained in the Loan Documents shall survive any termination, and Agent shall retain its
Liens in the Collateral and all of its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents until Full Payment of the Obligations. Notwithstanding Full Payment of the Obligations, Agent shall not be required to terminate its Liens in any Collateral unless,
with respect to any damages Agent may incur as a result of the dishonor or return of Payment Items applied to Obligations, Agent receives (a) a written agreement satisfactory to Agent, executed by Borrowers and any Person whose advances are
used in whole or in part to satisfy the Obligations, indemnifying Agent and Lenders from such damages; and (b) such Cash Collateral as Agent, in its discretion, deems appropriate to protect against such damages. Sections 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.4,
3.6, 3.7, 3.9, 5.5, 5.9, 5.10, 12, 14.2 and this Section, and the obligation of each Obligor and Lender with respect to each indemnity given by it in any Loan Document, shall survive Full Payment of the Obligations and any release
relating to this credit facility. 

126 

4.7 Sustainability Adjustments. 

4.7.1. The Borrower Agent, in consultation with the Sustainability Coordinator, shall be entitled to establish specified Key Performance
Indicators (KPIs) with respect to certain Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) targets of Parent and its Subsidiaries. The Sustainability Coordinator and the Obligors may amend this Agreement (such
amendment, the ESG Amendment) solely for the purpose of incorporating the KPIs and other related provisions (the ESG Pricing Provisions) into this Agreement, and any such amendment shall become effective
at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower Agent unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Agent (who shall
promptly notify the Borrower Agent) written notice that such Required Lenders object to such ESG Amendment. In the event that Required Lenders deliver a written notice objecting to any such ESG Amendment, an alternative ESG Amendment may be
effectuated with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Obligors and the Sustainability Coordinator. Upon effectiveness of any such ESG Amendment, based on Parents performance against the KPIs, certain adjustments (increase, decrease
or no adjustment) to the otherwise applicable Applicable Margin for all Loans, U.S. Unused Line Fee Rate, Canadian Unused Line Fee Rate,
and U.K./Dutch Unused Line Fee Rate, and German Unused Line Fee Rate will be made; provided, that the amount of such adjustments
shall not exceed (i) a 0.05% increase and/or a 0.05% decrease in the otherwise applicable Applicable Margin for Loans, or (ii) a 0.01% increase and/or a 0.01% decrease in the otherwise applicable U.S. Unused Line Fee Rate, Canadian Unused
Line Fee Rate, and U.K./Dutch Unused Line Fee Rate, and German Unused Line Fee Rate payable pursuant to Section 3.2.1, and such adjustments shall not be
cumulative. The pricing adjustments pursuant to the KPIs will require, among other things, reporting and validation of the measurement of the KPIs in a manner that is aligned with the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles, and shall
identify a sustainability assurance provider (the Sustainability Assurance Provider), which shall be a qualified external reviewer, independent of the Obligors, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor, environmental consultant
and/or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing, and is to be agreed between the Borrower Agent and the Sustainability Coordinator (each acting reasonably). Following the effectiveness of the ESG Amendment, any modification to the
ESG Pricing Provisions which does not have the effect of reducing the U.S. Unused Line Fee Rate, Canadian Unused Line Fee Rate, and U.K./Dutch Unused Line Fee Rate and German Unused Line Fee Rate payable pursuant to Section 3.2.1 or the Applicable
Margin for Loans to a level not otherwise permitted by this paragraph shall be subject only to the consent of the Required Lenders. 

4.7.2. The Sustainability Coordinator will (i) assist the Borrower Agent in determining the ESG Pricing Provisions in connection with the
ESG Amendment, and (ii) assist the Borrower Agent in preparing informational materials focused on ESG to be used in connection with the ESG Amendment. 

4.7.3. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 14.1 to the contrary. 

SECTION 5. PAYMENTS 

5.1
General Payment Provisions.

5.1.1. All payments of Obligations shall be made without offset, counterclaim or defense of
any kind, free of (and without deduction for) any Taxes, and in immediately available funds, not later than 12:00 noon (Applicable Time Zone) on the due date. Any payment after such time shall be deemed made on the next Business Day. Any payment of
a Term SOFR Loan, a EURIBOR Loan or a Term CORRA Loan prior to the end of its Interest Period shall be accompanied by all amounts due under Section 3.9. Any prepayment of Loans by a Borrower Group shall be applied first to U.S. Base Rate
Loans, Canadian Base Rate Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans, German Base Rate Loans, or U.K./Dutch Base Rate
Loans, as applicable, of such Borrower Group and then to Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, as applicable, of such Borrower Group. 

127 

5.1.2. All payments with respect to any U.S. Facility Obligations shall be made in Dollars.
All payments with respect to any Canadian Facility Obligations shall be made in Canadian Dollars or, if any portion of such Canadian Facility Obligations is denominated in Dollars, then in Dollars. All payments with respect to any U.K./Dutch
Facility Obligations shall be made in British Pounds or, if any portion of such U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations is denominated in Euros, then in Euros or, if any portion of such U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations is denominated in Dollars, then in
Dollars. All payments with respect to any German Facility Obligations shall be made in Euros or, if any portion of such German Facility Obligations is denominated in
British Pounds, then in British Pounds, if any portion of such German Facility Obligations is denominated in Swiss Francs, then in Swiss Francs, or, if any portion of such German Facility Obligations is denominated in Dollars, then in
Dollars.

5.2 Repayment of Revolver Loans.

5.2.1. All U.S. Revolver Loans shall be due and payable in full on the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, all Canadian Revolver Loans
shall be due and payable in full on the Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date, all German Revolver Loans shall be due and payable in full on the German
Revolver Commitment Termination Date, and all U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans shall be due and payable in full on the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, in each case unless payment is
sooner required hereunder. Revolver Loans may be prepaid from time to time, without penalty or premium, subject to, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans and Term CORRA Loans, Section 3.9. 

5.2.2.[Reserved]. 

5.2.3. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if an Overadvance exists (including as a result of any Disposition), the applicable
Borrower(s) (i.e., the U.S. Borrowers in the case of a U.S. Overadvance, the Canadian Borrower in the case of a Canadian Overadvance, the German Borrower in the
case of a German Overadvance, and the U.K./Dutch Borrowers in the case of a U.K./Dutch Overadvance) shall, on the sooner of Agents demand or the first Business Day after any such
Borrower has knowledge thereof, repay the outstanding applicable Revolver Loans (i.e., the U.S. Revolver Loans in the case of a U.S. Overadvance, the Canadian Revolver Loans in the case of a Canadian Overadvance, the German Revolver Loans in the case of a German Overadvance, and the U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans in the case of a
U.K./Dutch Overadvance) in an amount sufficient to reduce the principal balance of such Revolver Loans to the applicable Borrowing Base (i.e., the U.S. Borrowing Base in the case of a U.S. Revolver Loans, the Canadian Borrowing Base in the
case of Canadian Revolver Loans, the German Borrowing Base in the case of German Revolver Loans, and
the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base in the case of U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans). 

5.3 [Reserved]. 

5.4 Payment of Other Obligations. Obligations other than Loans, including LC Obligations and Extraordinary Expenses, shall be
paid by Borrowers as provided in the Loan Documents or, if no payment date is specified, on demand. 

5.5 Marshaling; Payments
Set Aside. None of Agent or Lenders shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Obligor or against any Obligations. If any payment by or on behalf of Borrowers or any other Obligor is made to Agent, any Issuing Bank
or any Lender, or Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender exercises a right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required
(including pursuant to any settlement entered into by Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a Creditor Representative or any other Person, then to the extent of such recovery, the Obligation originally intended
to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies relating thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred. 

128 

5.6 Post-Default Allocation of Payments. 

5.6.1. Allocation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, during an Event of Default, monies to be applied to the Obligations,
whether arising from payments by or on behalf of any Obligor, realization on Collateral, setoff or otherwise, shall be allocated as follows: 

(a) with respect to monies, payments, Property or Collateral of or from any U.S. Domiciled Obligor: 

(i) first, to all costs and expenses, including Extraordinary Expenses, owing to Agent; 

(ii) second, to all Extraordinary Expenses owing to any U.S. Lender; 

(iii) third, to all amounts owing to Agent on U.S. Swingline Loans; 

(iv) fourth, to all amounts owing to U.S. Issuing Banks on account of U.S. LC Obligations; 

(v) fifth, to all Obligations constituting fees (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) owing by any U.S.
Domiciled Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors, the German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the U.S. Domiciled Obligors); 

(vi) sixth, to all U.S. Facility Obligations constituting interest (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) owing
by any U.S. Domiciled Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the U.S. Domiciled Obligors); 

(vii) seventh, to Cash Collateralize the U.S. LC Obligations; 

(viii) eighth, to all U.S. Revolver Loans and Noticed Hedges (solely to the extent such Noticed Hedges were reserved for
by Agent under the U.S. Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation) of any U.S. Domiciled Obligor, including Cash Collateralization of Noticed Hedges (solely to the extent such Noticed Hedges were reserved for by Agent under the
U.S. Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation) of any U.S. Domiciled Obligor; 

(ix) ninth, to
all other U.S. Facility Obligations (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the U.S. Domiciled Obligors); and 

(x) tenth, ratably: (i) to be applied in accordance with clause (b) below, to the extent there are
insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any Canadian Domiciled Obligor, and (ii) to be applied in accordance with clause (c) below, to the extent there are insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor and (iii) to be applied in accordance with clause (d) below, to the extent there are insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any
German Domiciled Obligor. 

129 

(b) with respect to monies, payments, Property or Collateral of or from any Canadian
Domiciled Obligor, together with any allocations pursuant to subclause (x) of clause (a) above, and subclause (x) of clause (c) below and subclause (x) of clause (d) below: 

(i) first, to all costs and expenses, including Extraordinary Expenses, owing to Agent, to the extent owing by any
Canadian Domiciled Obligor; 

(ii) second, to all Extraordinary Expenses owing to any Canadian Lender; 

(iii) third, to all amounts owing to Agent (acting through its Canada branch) on Canadian Swingline Loans; 

(iv) fourth, to all amounts owing to the Canadian Issuing Bank on account of Canadian LC Obligations; 

(v) fifth, to all Canadian Facility Obligations constituting fees (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) owing by
any Canadian Domiciled Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the German Domiciled Obligors or
U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors); 

(vi) sixth, to all Canadian Facility Obligations constituting interest (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations)
owing by any Canadian Domiciled Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors); 

(vii) seventh, to Cash Collateralize the Canadian LC Obligations; 

(viii) eighth, to all Canadian Revolver Loans and Noticed Hedges of any Canadian Domiciled Obligor (solely to the extent
such Noticed Hedges were reserved for by Agent under the Canadian Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation), including Cash Collateralization of Noticed Hedges (solely to the extent such Noticed Hedges were reserved for by
Agent under the Canadian Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation) of any Canadian Domiciled Obligor; 

(ix) ninth, to all other Canadian Facility Obligations (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the Canadian Domiciled
Obligors); and 

(x) tenth,
ratably: (i) to be applied in accordance with clause (c) below, to the extent there are
insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor and (ii) to be applied in accordance with clause
(d) below, to the extent there are insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any German Domiciled Obligor. 

(c) with respect to monies, payments, Property or Collateral of or from any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor, together with any allocations
pursuant to subclause (x) of clause
(a) above,
and subclause (x) of clause (b) above and subclause (x) of clause
(d) below: 

(i) first, to all costs and
expenses, including Extraordinary Expenses, owing to Agent, to the extent owing by any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor; 

130 

(ii) second, to all Extraordinary Expenses owing to any U.K./Dutch
Lender; 

(iii) third, to all amounts owing to Agent on U.K./Dutch Swingline Loans; 

(iv) fourth, to all amounts owing to the U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank on account of U.K./Dutch LC Obligations; 

(v) fifth, to all U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations constituting fees (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) owing
by any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors or German Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors); 

(vi) sixth,
to all U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations constituting interest (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) owing by any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors or German Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors); 

(vii) seventh, to Cash Collateralize the U.K./Dutch LC Obligations; 

(viii) eighth, to all U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans and Noticed Hedges of any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor (solely to the
extent such Noticed Hedges were reserved for by Agent under the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation), including Cash Collateralization of Noticed Hedges (solely to the extent such Noticed Hedges were reserved
for by Agent under the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation) of any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor; 

(ix) ninth, to all other U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled
Obligors or German Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors); and

(x) tenth, ratably:
(i) to be applied in accordance with clause (b) above, to the extent there are insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any Canadian Domiciled
Obligor and (ii) to be applied in accordance with clause (d) below, to the extent there are insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations
owing by any German Domiciled Obligor. 

(d) with respect to monies, payments, Property or Collateral of or from any German Domiciled Obligor, together with any allocations pursuant to subclause (x) of clause
(a) above, subclause (x) of clause (b) above and subclause (x) of clause (c) above:

(i) first, to all
costs and expenses, including Extraordinary Expenses, owing to Agent, to the extent owing by any German Domiciled Obligor;

(ii) second, to all
Extraordinary Expenses owing to any German Lender;

(iii) third, to all amounts owing to Agent on German Swingline Loans;

(iv) fourth, to all
amounts owing to the German Issuing Bank on account of German LC Obligations;

131 

(v) fifth, to all
German Facility Obligations constituting fees (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) owing by any German Domiciled Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are
guaranteed by the German Domiciled Obligors);

(vi) sixth, to all German Facility Obligations constituting interest (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) owing by any German Domiciled
Obligor (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the German Domiciled Obligors);

(vii) seventh, to
Cash Collateralize the German LC Obligations;

(viii) eighth, to all German Revolver Loans and Noticed Hedges of any German Domiciled Obligor (solely to the extent such Noticed Hedges were
reserved for by Agent under the German Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation), including Cash Collateralization of Noticed Hedges (solely to the extent such Noticed Hedges were reserved for by Agent under the German
Borrowing Base immediately prior to the time of such allocation) of any German Domiciled Obligor; 

(ix) ninth, to all
other German Facility Obligations (exclusive of any such amounts owing by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors which are guaranteed by the German Domiciled Obligors); and

(x) tenth, ratably:
(i) to be applied in accordance with clause (b) above, to the extent there are insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any Canadian Domiciled Obligor and (ii) to be applied in accordance with clause
(c) above, to the extent there are insufficient funds for the Full Payment of all Obligations owing by any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor.

5.6.2. General Application Provisions. Amounts shall be applied to each category of Obligations set forth above until Full Payment
thereof and then to the next category. If amounts are insufficient to satisfy a category, they shall be applied on a pro rata basis among the Obligations in the category. Amounts distributed with respect to any Secured Bank Product Obligations shall
be the lesser of the maximum Secured Bank Product Obligations last reported to Agent or the actual Secured Bank Product Obligations as calculated by the methodology reported to Agent for determining the amount due. Monies and proceeds obtained from
an Obligor shall not be applied to its Excluded Swap Obligations, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to amounts obtained from other Obligors to preserve the allocations in any applicable category. Agent shall have no obligation
to calculate the amount to be distributed with respect to any Secured Bank Product Obligations, and may request a reasonably detailed calculation of such amount from the applicable Secured Party. If a Secured Party fails to deliver such calculation
within five days following request by Agent, Agent may assume the amount to be distributed is the last reported amount. The allocations set forth in this Section are solely to determine the rights and priorities of Agent and Secured Parties as among
themselves, and the order of allocation within each of subclauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) may be changed by agreement among them without the consent of any Obligor. This Section is not for the benefit of or enforceable by any Borrower;
provided that no amounts may be applied to any purpose other than as set forth in subclauses (a), (b), (c) or (d), respectively, without the consent of Borrower Agent. 

132 

5.6.3. Erroneous Application. Agent shall not be liable for any application of
amounts made by it in good faith and, if any such application is subsequently determined to have been made in error, the sole recourse of any Lender or other Person to which such amount should have been made shall be to recover the amount from the
Person that actually received it (and, if such amount was received by any Lender, such Lender hereby agrees to return it). 

5.7
Application of Payments.

5.7.1. Dominion Account(s) of U.S. Borrowers. The ledger balance in the main Dominion
Account of the U.S. Borrowers as of the end of a Business Day shall be applied to the U.S. Facility Obligations of the U.S. Borrowers at the beginning of the next Business Day, during any Dominion Trigger Period. If, at the end of a Business Day,
after giving effect to such application, if any, a credit balance exists, the balance shall not accrue interest in favor of the U.S. Borrowers and shall be made available to the U.S. Borrowers as long as the Obligations have not been accelerated on
account of an Event of Default. During any Dominion Trigger Period, each U.S. Borrower and each other U.S. Facility Obligor irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any payments or Collateral proceeds, and agrees that Agent shall
have the continuing, exclusive right to apply and reapply same against the U.S. Facility Obligations, in such manner as Agent deems advisable. 

5.7.2. Dominion Account(s) of Canadian Borrower. The ledger balance in the main Dominion Account of the Canadian Borrower as of the end
of a Business Day shall be applied to the Canadian Facility Obligations of the Canadian Borrower at the beginning of the next Business Day, during any Dominion Trigger Period. If, at the end of a Business Day, after giving effect to such
application, if any, a credit balance exists, the balance shall not accrue interest in favor of the Canadian Borrower and shall be made available to the Canadian Borrower as long as the Obligations have not been accelerated on account of an Event of
Default. During any Dominion Trigger Period, the Canadian Borrower and each other Canadian Facility Obligor irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any payments or Collateral proceeds, and agrees that Agent shall have the
continuing, exclusive right to apply and reapply same against the Canadian Facility Obligations, in such manner as Agent deems advisable. 

5.7.3. Dominion Account(s) of U.K. Borrowers. The ledger balance in the main Dominion Account of the U.K. Borrowers as of the end of a
Business Day occurring on and after the Closing Date shall be applied to the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers at the beginning of the next Business Day during any Dominion Trigger Period. If, at the end of a Business Day
occurring after the Closing Date, after giving effect to such application, if any, a credit balance exists, the balance shall not accrue interest in favor of the U.K. Borrowers and shall be made available to the U.K. Borrowers as long as the
Obligations have not been accelerated on account of an Event of Default and in any event subject to the terms of the U.K. Security Agreements. During any Dominion Trigger Period, each of the U.K. Borrowers and each other U.K./Dutch Facility Obligor
irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any payments or Collateral proceeds, and agree that Agent shall have the continuing, exclusive right to apply and reapply same against the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations, in such manner as
Agent deems advisable. 

5.7.4. Dominion
Account(s) of German Borrower. The ledger balance in the main Dominion Account of the German Borrower as of the end of a Business Day shall be applied to the German Facility Obligations of the German Borrower at the beginning of the next Business Day, during any Dominion Trigger
Period. If, at the end of a Business Day, after giving effect to such application, if any, a credit balance exists, the balance shall not accrue interest in favor of the German Borrower and shall be made available to the German Borrower as long as
the Obligations have not been accelerated on account of an Event of Default. During any Dominion Trigger Period, the German Borrower and each other German Facility Obligor irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any payments or
Collateral proceeds, and agrees that Agent shall have the continuing, exclusive right to apply and reapply same against the German Facility Obligations, in such manner as Agent deems
advisable.

133 

5.7.4.
[Reserved]. 

5.7.5. Dominion Account(s) of the Dutch Borrower. The
ledger balance in the main Dominion Account of the Dutch Borrower as of the end of a Business Day shall be applied to the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations of the U.K./Dutch Borrowers at the beginning of the next Business Day, during any Dominion
Trigger Period. If, at the end of a Business Day, after giving effect to such application, if any, a credit balance exists, the balance shall not accrue interest in favor of the Dutch Borrower and shall be made available to the Dutch Borrower as
long as the Obligations have not been accelerated on account of an Event of Default. During any Dominion Trigger Period, the Dutch Borrower and each other U.K./Dutch Facility Obligor irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any
payments or Collateral proceeds, and agrees that Agent shall have the continuing, exclusive right to apply and reapply same against the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations, in such manner as Agent deems advisable. 

5.8 Loan Account; Account Stated. 

5.8.1. Loan Account. Agent shall maintain, in accordance with its usual and customary practices, an account or accounts (Loan
Account) evidencing the Indebtedness of each of the Borrower(s) within each Borrower Group resulting from each Loan made to such Borrower Group or issuance of a Letter of Credit for the account of such Borrower(s) from time to time. Any
failure of Agent to record anything in any Loan Account, or any error in doing so, shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the applicable Borrower(s) to pay any amount owing hereunder. Agent may maintain a single Loan Account in the
name of the Borrower Agent, and each Borrower and other Obligor confirms that such arrangement shall have no effect on the joint and several character of its liability for the Obligations as and to the extent provided herein or in the other Loan
Documents. 

5.8.2. Entries Binding. Entries made in any Loan Account shall constitute presumptive evidence of the information
contained therein. If any information contained in the Loan Account is provided to or inspected by any Person, then such information shall be conclusive and binding on such Person for all purposes absent manifest error, except to the extent such
Person notifies Agent in writing within 30 days after receipt or inspection that specific information is subject to dispute. 

5.9
Taxes. 

5.9.1. Payments Free of Taxes. All payments by or on behalf of any Obligor hereunder shall be free and clear of
and without withholding or deduction for any Taxes. If Requirements of Law requires any Obligor or Agent to withhold or deduct any Tax (including backup withholding or withholding Tax), the withholding or deduction shall be based on information
provided pursuant to Section 5.10 and Agent shall pay the amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority. If the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, the sum payable by the
applicable Borrowers or other Obligors shall be increased so that Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, as applicable, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received if no such withholding or deduction (including withholdings or
deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) had been made. In addition, Borrowers and the other Obligors shall timely pay all Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authorities. 

134 

5.9.2. Payments Free of Tax by the U.K. Borrowers. 

(a) Payments Free of Tax. A payment by the U.K. Borrowers under this Agreement shall not be increased under Section 5.9.1
above by reason of a withholding or deduction on account of Tax imposed by the United Kingdom (Tax Deduction), if on the date on which the payment falls due: 

(i) the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without a Tax Deduction if the Lender had been a U.K. Qualified
Lender, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a U.K. Qualified Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any
law or Treaty or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority; or 

(ii) the relevant
Lender is a U.K. Qualified Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (i)(B) of the definition of U.K. Qualified Lender; and (A) an officer of H.M. Revenue & Customs has given (and not revoked) a direction (a Direction)
under section 931 of ITA which relates to the payment and that Lender has received from the U.K. Borrowers making the payment a certified copy of that Direction; and (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction
if that Direction had not been made; or 

(iii) the Lender is a U.K. Qualified Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (i)(B)
of the definition of U.K. Qualified Lender and (A) the Lender has not given a U.K. Tax Confirmation to the U.K. Borrowers; and (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction if the Lender had given a U.K. Tax
Confirmation to the U.K. Borrowers, on the basis that the U.K. Tax Confirmation would have enabled the U.K. Borrowers to have formed a reasonable belief that the payment was an excepted payment for the purposes of Section 930
of ITA; or 

(iv) the relevant Lender is a Treaty Lender and the U.K. Borrowers making the payment is able to demonstrate
that the payment could have been made to the Lender without the Tax Deduction had that Lender complied with its obligations under Section 5.9.2(d) below. 

(b) Timing and Amount. If the U.K. Borrowers are required to make a Tax Deduction, the U.K. Borrowers shall make that Tax Deduction and
any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction within the time allowed and in the minimum amount required by law. 

(c)
Evidence of Payment. Within 30 days of making either a Tax Deduction or any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction, the U.K. Borrowers shall deliver to the Agent for the Lender or the Agent entitled to the payment a statement
under Section 975 of ITA or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to that Lender or the Agent that the Tax Deduction has been made or (as applicable) any appropriate payment paid to the relevant taxing authority. 

(d) Co-operation between a Treaty Lender and the U.K. Borrowers. A Treaty Lender and the U.K. Borrowers making a payment to which that
Treaty Lender is entitled shall co-operate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for U.K. Borrowers to obtain authorization to make that payment without a Tax Deduction. 

(e) Exceptions. Nothing in Section 5.9.2(d) above shall require a Treaty Lender to: (a) register under the HMRC DT
Treaty Passport scheme; (b) apply the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme to any Loan if it has so registered; or (c) file Treaty forms if it has included an indication to the effect that it wishes the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme to apply to
this Agreement in accordance with Section 5.9.2(h) below or Section 5.9.2(o) below and the Obligor making that payment has complied with its obligations under Section 5.9.2(i) below or Section 5.9.2(p)
below. 

135 

(f) Existing Lenders. A U.K. Non-Bank Lender which becomes a Lender on the day on
which this Agreement is entered into gives a U.K. Tax Confirmation to the U.K. Borrowers by entering into this Agreement. 

(g)
Notice. A U.K. Non-Bank Lender shall promptly notify the U.K. Borrowers and the Agent if there is any change in the position from that set out in the U.K. Tax Confirmation. 

(h) HMRC DT Treaty Passport schemes. A Treaty Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement on the day on which this Agreement is
entered into that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and which then wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall include an indication to that effect (for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor)
by including its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence opposite its name in Schedule 5.9.9. 

(i) Form
DTTP2. Where a Lender includes the indication described in Section 5.9.2(h) above in Schedule 5.9.9, the U.K. Borrowers shall, to the extent that such Lender is a Lender under the facilities made available to the U.K.
Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.1 or Section 2.2, file a duly completed form DTTP2 in respect of such Lender with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date of this Agreement and shall promptly provide such
Lender with a copy of that filing. 

(j) No Filings. If a Lender has not included an indication to the effect that it wishes the HMRC
DT Treaty Passport scheme to apply to this Agreement in accordance with Section 5.9.2(h) above or Section 5.9.2(o) below, no Obligor shall file a form DTTP2 or any other form relating to the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme in
respect of that Lenders commitment(s) or its participation in any facility made available under this Agreement. 

(k) Payment.
Obligors shall indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse (within 10 days after demand therefor) Agent, Lenders and Issuing Banks for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including those attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid by
Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, with respect to any Obligations of such Borrowers Borrower Group, Letters of Credit of such Borrowers Borrower Group or Loan Documents, whether or not such Taxes were properly asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority, and including all penalties, interest and reasonable expenses relating thereto, as well as any amount that a Lender or an Issuing Bank fails to pay indefeasibly to Agent under Section 5.10. A certificate
as to the amount of any such payment or liability delivered to Borrower Agent by Agent, or by a Lender or an Issuing Bank (with a copy to Agent), shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any
Obligor, Borrower Agent shall deliver to Agent a receipt from the Governmental Authority or other evidence of payment satisfactory to Agent. 

(l) Payment by the U.K. Borrowers. Section 5.9.2(k) shall not apply: 

(i) with respect to any Tax assessed on a Lender or the Agent: (A) under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Lender
or the Agent is incorporated or, if different, the jurisdiction (or jurisdictions) in which that Lender or the Agent is treated as resident for tax purposes or (B) under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Lenders or the
Agents lending office is located in respect of amounts received or receivable in that jurisdiction, if that Tax is imposed on or calculated by reference to the net income received or receivable (but not any sum deemed to be received or
receivable) by that Lender or the Agent; or 

136 

(ii) to the extent a loss, liability or cost: (A) is compensated for by
an increased payment under Section 5.9.1 or (B) would have been compensated for by an increased payment under Section 5.9.1 but was not so compensated solely because one of the exclusions in Section 5.9.2(a)
applied. 

(m) Tax Credit. If the U.K. Borrowers make a payment under Section 5.9.1 or Section 5.9.2(k) (a
U.K. Tax Payment) and either a Lender or the Agent determines that (i) a Tax Credit is attributable either to an increased payment of which that U.K. Tax Payment forms part, or to that U.K. Tax Payment and (ii) that
Lender or the Agent has obtained, utilized and retained that Tax Credit, that Lender or the Agent shall pay an amount to the U.K. Borrowers which that Lender or the Agent determines will leave it (after that payment) in the same after-Tax position
as it would have been in had the U.K. Tax Payment not been required to be made by the U.K. Borrowers. 

(n) New Lenders. Each Lender
which becomes a party to this Agreement in the capacity of a U.K./Dutch Lender after the date of this Agreement (New Lender) shall indicate, at the time it becomes a New Lender, on and for the benefit of the Agent and without
liability to the U.K. Borrowers, which of the following categories it falls in: (i) not a U.K. Qualified Lender; (ii) a U.K. Qualified Lender (other than a Treaty Lender); or (iii) a Treaty Lender. If a New Lender fails to indicate
its status in accordance with this Section 5.9.2(n) then such New Lender shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement (including by each Obligor) as if it is not a U.K. Qualified Lender until such time as it notifies the Agent
which category applies (and the Agent, upon receipt of such notification, shall inform the U.K. Borrowers). For the avoidance of doubt, an assignment in accordance with Section 13.3 shall not be invalidated by any failure of a New Lender
to comply with this Section 5.9.2(n). 

(o) HMRC DT Treaty Passport schemes New Lenders. A New Lender that is a
Treaty Lender that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and which then wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall include an indication to that effect (for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any
Obligor) in the assignment notice which it executes pursuant to, or in connection with, Section 13.3 below by including its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in that assignment notice. 

(p) Form DTTP2 New Lenders. Where a New Lender includes the indication described in Section 5.9.2(o) above in the
relevant assignment notice the U.K. Borrowers shall, to the extent that that New Lender becomes a Lender under a facility which is made available to the U.K. Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.1 or Section 2.2, file a duly
completed form DTTP2 in respect of such Lender with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date of that assignment and shall promptly provide the Lender with a copy of that filing. 

5.9.3. FATCA Grandfathering. For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Third Amended
Original Closing Date, the Borrowers and the Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 

5.10 Lender Tax Information. 

5.10.1. Status of Lenders. Each Lender shall deliver documentation and information to Agent and Borrower Agent, at the times and in form
required by Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by Agent or Borrower Agent, sufficient to permit Agent or Borrowers to determine (a) whether or not payments made with respect to Obligations are subject to Taxes, (b) if applicable,
the required rate of withholding or deduction, and (c) such Lenders entitlement to any available exemption from, or reduction of, applicable Taxes for such payments or otherwise to establish such Lenders status for withholding tax
purposes in the applicable jurisdiction. 

137 

5.10.2. Documentation. If a Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United
States, any Lender that is a United States person within the meaning of section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to Agent and Borrower Agent IRS Form W-9 or such other documentation or information prescribed by Requirements of Law
or reasonably requested by Agent or Borrower Agent to determine whether such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. If any Foreign Lender is entitled to any exemption from or reduction of withholding tax for
payments with respect to the U.S. Facility Obligations, it shall deliver to Agent and Borrower Agent, on or prior to the date on which it becomes a Lender hereunder (and from time to time thereafter upon request by Agent or Borrower Agent, but only
if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), (a) IRS Form W-8BEN-E claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party; (b) IRS Form W-8ECI; (c) IRS Form W-8IMY and all required
supporting documentation; (d) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, IRS Form W-8BEN-E and a certificate showing such Foreign Lender is not (i) a
bank within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (ii) a 10 percent shareholder of any Obligor within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (iii) a controlled foreign corporation
described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; or (e) any other form prescribed by Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in withholding tax, together with such supplementary documentation necessary to allow
Agent and Borrowers to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 

5.10.3. Lender Obligations. Each Lender and each
Issuing Bank shall promptly notify Borrower Agent and Agent of any change in circumstances that would change any claimed Tax exemption or reduction. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank, in each case severally and not jointly with the other Lenders
and/or applicable Issuing Bank, shall indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse (within 10 days after demand therefor) the affected Borrower to which such Lender or such Issuing Bank (as applicable) has issued a Commitment and Agent for any Taxes,
losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, interest and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by or asserted against such affected Borrower or Agent by any Governmental Authority due to such Lenders or such Issuing
Banks failure to deliver, or inaccuracy or deficiency in, any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to this Section. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes Agent to set off any amounts due to Agent under this Section
against any amounts payable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank under any Loan Document. 

5.11 Guarantee by Obligors.

5.11.1. Guarantee by U.S. Domiciled Obligors. 

(a) Joint and Several Liability. Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and absolutely and
unconditionally guarantees to the Secured Parties the prompt payment and performance of, all Obligations and all agreements of each other Obligor under the Loan Documents, except its Excluded Swap Obligations, and that it is a U.S. Facility
Guarantor, a Canadian Facility Guarantor, a German Facility Guarantor, and a U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor
hereunder. Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor agrees that its guaranty or guarantee of obligations as a U.S. Facility Guarantor, a Canadian Facility Guarantor, a
German Facility Guarantor, and a U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor hereunder, as applicable, constitute a continuing guaranty or guarantee of payment and not of collection, that such obligations
shall not be discharged until Full Payment of all Obligations, and that such obligations are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of (a) the genuineness, validity, regularity, enforceability, subordination or any future modification of, or
change in, any Obligations or Loan Document, or any other document, instrument or agreement to which any Obligor is or may become a party or be bound; (b) the absence of any action to enforce this Agreement (including this Section) or any other
Loan Document, or any waiver, consent or indulgence of any kind by any Secured Party with respect thereto; (c) the existence, value or condition of, or failure to perfect a Lien or to preserve rights against, any security or guaranty or
guarantee for the Obligations or any action, or the absence of any action, by any Secured Party in respect 

138 

thereof (including the release of any security or guaranty or guarantee); (d) the insolvency of any Obligor under the Requirements of Law of its jurisdiction; (e) any election by Agent
or any Lender in an Insolvency Proceeding for the application of Section 1111(b)(2) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or similar provision of other Debtor Relief Laws or other Requirements of Law; (f) any borrowing or grant of a Lien by any
other Obligor, as debtor-in-possession under Section 364 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, under other Debtor Relief Laws or other Requirements of Law or otherwise; (g) the disallowance of any claims of any Secured Party against any Obligor for
the repayment of any Obligations under Section 502 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, under other Debtor Relief Laws or other Requirements of Law or otherwise; (h) any Debtor Relief Law or other insolvency, debtor relief or debt adjustment law;
(i) any change in the ownership, control, name, objects, businesses, assets, capital structure or constitution of any Obligor or any other person; (j) any merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Obligor with any person or persons;
(k) the occurrence of any change in the laws, rules, regulations or ordinances of any jurisdiction or by any present or future action of any governmental body or court amending, varying, reducing or otherwise affecting, or purporting to amend,
vary, reduce or otherwise affect, any of the Obligations under the Loan Documents; (l) the existence of any claim, set-off, compensation or other rights which any Obligor may have at any time against any other Obligor or any other person, or
which any Obligor may have at any time against the Secured Parties, whether in connection with the Loan Documents or otherwise; or (m) any other action or circumstances that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense
of a surety or guarantor, except Full Payment of all Obligations. 

(b) Waivers. 

(i) Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor expressly waives all rights that it may have now or in the future under any statute, at common
law, in equity or otherwise, to compel Agent or Lenders to marshal assets or to proceed against any Obligor, other Person or security for the payment or performance of any Obligations before, or as a condition to, proceeding against such Obligor.
Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor waives all defenses available to a surety, guarantor or accommodation co-obligor other than Full Payment of all Obligations. It is agreed among each U.S. Domiciled Obligor, Agent and Lenders that the provisions of this
Section 5.11 are of the essence of the transaction contemplated by the Loan Documents and that, but for such provisions, Agent and Lenders would decline to make Loans and issue Letters of Credit. Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor acknowledges
that its guaranty pursuant to this Section is necessary to the conduct and promotion of its business, and can be expected to benefit such business. 

(ii) Agent and Lenders may, in their discretion, pursue such rights and remedies as they deem appropriate, including
realization upon Collateral (including any Real Estate owned by any Obligor) by judicial foreclosure or non-judicial sale or enforcement, without affecting any rights and remedies under this
Section 5.11. If, in taking any action in connection with the exercise of any rights or remedies, Agent or any Lender shall forfeit any other rights or remedies, including the right to enter a deficiency judgment against any U.S.
Domiciled Obligor or other Person, whether because of any Requirements of Law pertaining to election of remedies or otherwise, each U.S. Domiciled Obligor consents to such action and waives any claim based upon it, even if the action may
result in loss of any rights of subrogation that any U.S. Domiciled Obligor might otherwise have had. Any election of remedies that results in denial or impairment of the right of Agent or any Lender to seek a deficiency judgment against any U.S.
Domiciled Obligor shall not impair any other U.S. Domiciled Obligors obligation to pay the full amount of the Obligations. Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies, such as nonjudicial
foreclosure with respect to any security for the Obligations, even though that election of remedies destroys such U.S. Domiciled Obligors rights of subrogation against any other Person. Agent may bid all or a portion of the Obligations at any
foreclosure or trustees sale or at any private sale, and the amount of such bid need not be paid by Agent but shall 

139 

be credited against the Obligations. The amount of the successful bid at any such sale, whether Agent or any other Person is the successful bidder, shall be conclusively deemed to be the fair
market value of the Collateral, and the difference between such bid amount and the remaining balance of the applicable Obligations shall be conclusively deemed to be the amount of the applicable Obligations guaranteed under this
Section 5.11, notwithstanding that any present or future law or court decision may have the effect of reducing the amount of any deficiency claim to which Agent or any Lender might otherwise be entitled but for such bidding at any such
sale. 

(c) Extent of Liability; Contribution. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each U.S. Domiciled Obligors liability under this
Section 5.11 shall be limited to the greater of (i) all amounts for which such U.S. Domiciled Obligor is primarily liable, as described below, and (ii) such U.S. Domiciled Obligors Allocable Amount. 

(ii) If any U.S. Domiciled Obligor makes a payment under this Section 5.11 of any Obligations (other than amounts
for which such U.S. Domiciled Obligor is primarily liable) (a Guarantor Payment) that, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments previously or concurrently made by any other U.S. Domiciled Obligor, exceeds the amount that
such U.S. Domiciled Obligor would otherwise have paid if each U.S. Domiciled Obligor had paid the aggregate Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payments in the same proportion that such U.S. Domiciled Obligors Allocable Amount bore to the
total Allocable Amounts of all U.S. Domiciled Obligors, then such U.S. Domiciled Obligor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and to be reimbursed by, each other U.S. Domiciled Obligor for the amount of such
excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment. The Allocable Amount for any U.S. Domiciled Obligor shall be the maximum amount that could then be recovered
from such U.S. Domiciled Obligor under this Section 5.11 without rendering such payment voidable under Section 548 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or under any similar applicable fraudulent transfer or conveyance Requirements of Law, or
the Requirements of Law in Canada or any province or territory thereof, or in England or Germany. 

(iii) Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor that is a Qualified ECP when its guaranty of or grant of Lien as security for a Swap
Obligation becomes effective hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide funds or other support to each other U.S. Domiciled Obligor that is a Specified Obligor with respect to such Swap Obligation
as may be needed by such Specified Obligor from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred
without rendering such Qualified ECPs obligations and undertakings under this Section 5.11 voidable under any applicable fraudulent transfer or conveyance act). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP under this
Section shall remain in full force and effect until Full Payment of all Obligations. Each U.S. Domiciled Obligor intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a
keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of, each Obligor for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

140 

5.11.2. Guarantee by Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors.

(a) Joint and Several Liability. Subject
to Section 5.11.7 and to any Requirements of Law limitations with respect to the German Domiciled Obligors, each Canadian Domiciled Obligor,
GermanEach
Canadian Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to the Secured Parties the prompt
payment and performance of, all Canadian Facility Obligations, U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations, German Facility Obligations, and all agreements of each other Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German
Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor under the Loan Documents, except its Excluded Swap Obligations, and that it is a Canadian Facility Guarantor, a German Facility Guarantor and a U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor hereunder. Each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor agrees that its guaranty or guarantee
of obligations as a Canadian Facility Guarantor, a German Facility Guarantor and a U.K./Dutch Facility
Guarantor hereunder, as applicable, constitute a continuing guaranty or guarantee of payment and not of collection, that such obligations shall not be discharged until Full Payment of all Obligations, and that such obligations are absolute and
unconditional, irrespective of (a) the genuineness, validity, regularity, enforceability, subordination or any future modification of, or change in, any Obligations or Loan Document, or any other document, instrument or agreement to which any
Obligor is or may become a party or be bound; (b) the absence of any action to enforce this Agreement (including this Section) or any other Loan Document, or any waiver, consent or indulgence of any kind by any Secured Party with respect
thereto; (c) the existence, value or condition of, or failure to perfect a Lien or to preserve rights against, any security or guaranty or guarantee for the Obligations or any action, or the absence of any action, by any Secured Party in
respect thereof (including the release of any security or guaranty or guarantee); (d) the insolvency of any Obligor; (e) any election by Agent or any Lender in an Insolvency Proceeding for the application of Section 1111(b)(2) of the
U.S. Bankruptcy Code or similar provision of other Requirements of Law; (f) any borrowing or grant of a Lien by any other Obligor, as debtor-in-possession under Section 364 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, under other Requirements of Law or
otherwise; (g) the disallowance of any claims of any Secured Party against any Obligor for the repayment of any Obligations under Section 502 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, under other Requirements of Law or otherwise; (h) any other
insolvency, debtor relief or debt adjustment law (whether state, provincial, federal or foreign, including the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), and the Insolvency Act 1986 of England and
the Enterprise Act 2002 of England); (i) any change in the ownership, control, name, objects, businesses, assets, capital structure or constitution of any Obligor or any other person; (j) any merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any
Obligor with any person or persons; (k) the occurrence of any change in the laws, rules, regulations or ordinances of any jurisdiction or by any present or future action of any governmental body or court amending, varying, reducing or otherwise
affecting, or purporting to amend, vary, reduce or otherwise affect, any of the Obligations under the Loan Documents; (l) the existence of any claim, set-off, compensation or other rights which any Obligor may have at any time against any other
Obligor or any other person, or which any Obligor may have at any time against the Secured Parties, whether in connection with the Loan Documents or otherwise; or (m) any other action or circumstances that might otherwise constitute a legal or
equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor, except Full Payment of all Obligations. 

(b) Waivers. 

(i) Each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German
Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor expressly waives all rights that it may have now or in the future under any statute, at common law, in equity or otherwise, to compel Agent
or Lenders to marshal assets or to proceed against any Obligor, other Person or security for the payment or performance of any Obligations before, or as a condition to, proceeding against such Obligor. Each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor waives all defenses available to a surety, guarantor or
accommodation co-obligor other than Full Payment of all Obligations. It is agreed among each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor
and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor, Agent and Lenders that the provisions of this Section 5.11 are of the essence of the transaction contemplated by the Loan Documents and that, but
for such provisions, Agent and Lenders would decline to make Loans and issue Letters of Credit. Each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor
and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor acknowledges that its guaranty pursuant to this Section is necessary to the conduct and promotion of its business, and can be expected to benefit such
business. 

141 

(ii) Agent and Lenders may, in their discretion, pursue such rights and
remedies as they deem appropriate, including realization upon Collateral (including any Real Estate owned by any Obligor) by judicial foreclosure or non-judicial sale or enforcement, without affecting any
rights and remedies under this Section 5.11. If, in taking any action in connection with the exercise of any rights or remedies, Agent or any Lender shall forfeit any other rights or remedies, including the right to enter a deficiency
judgment against any Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor or
other Person, whether because of any Requirements of Law pertaining to election of remedies or otherwise, each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German
Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor consents to such action and waives any claim based upon it, even if the action may result in loss of any rights of subrogation that any
Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor might otherwise
have had. Any election of remedies that results in denial or impairment of the right of Agent or any Lender to seek a deficiency judgment against any Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor shall not impair any other Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors obligation to pay
the full amount of the Obligations it is jointly and severally liable for and has guaranteed under the Loan Documents. Each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German
Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies, such as nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to any security for the
Obligations, even though that election of remedies destroys such Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors rights of subrogation against any other Person. Agent may bid all or a portion of the Obligations at any foreclosure or trustees sale or at any private sale, and the
amount of such bid need not be paid by Agent but shall be credited against the Obligations. The amount of the successful bid at any such sale, whether Agent or any other Person is the successful bidder, shall be conclusively deemed to be the fair
market value of the Collateral, and the difference between such bid amount and the remaining balance of the applicable Obligations shall be conclusively deemed to be the amount of the applicable Obligations guaranteed under this
Section 5.11, notwithstanding that any present or future law or court decision may have the effect of reducing the amount of any deficiency claim to which Agent or any Lender might otherwise be entitled but for such bidding at any such
sale. 

(c) Extent of Liability; Contribution. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors liability under
this Section 5.11 shall be limited to the greater of (i) all amounts for which such Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor
or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor is primarily liable, as described below, and (ii) such Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors U.K./Canadian/German Allocable Amount. 

(ii) If any Canadian Domiciled Obligor,
German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor makes a payment under this Section 5.11 of any Obligations (other than amounts for which such Canadian Domiciled
Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor is primarily liable) (a
U.K./Canadian/German Guarantor Payment) that, taking
into account all other U.K./Canadian/German Guarantor Payments previously or concurrently made by any
other Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled 

142 

Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor, exceeds the amount that such Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German
Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor would otherwise have paid if each Canadian Domiciled
Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor had paid the aggregate Obligations
satisfied by such U.K./Canadian/German Guarantor Payments in the same proportion that such Canadian
Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors
U.K./Canadian/German Allocable Amount bore to the total U.K./Canadian/German Allocable Amounts of all Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors, then such Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor shall be entitled to receive
contribution and indemnification payments from, and to be reimbursed by, each other Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective U.K./Canadian/German
Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such U.K./Canadian/German Guarantor Payment. The U.K./Canadian/German Allocable Amount for any Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor shall be the maximum amount that could then be recovered from such Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor under this Section 5.11 without rendering
such payment voidable under Section 548 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or under any similar applicable fraudulent transfer or conveyance Requirements of Law, or the Requirements of Law in Canada, Germany or any province or territory thereof, or in England and with respect to the German Domiciled Obligors, subject to Section 5.11.7. 

(iii) Subject to Section 5.11.7
and to any Requirements of Law limitations with respect to the German Domiciled Obligors, each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, each
GermanEach Canadian Domiciled Obligor and each
U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor that is a Qualified ECP when its guaranty of or grant of Lien as security for a Swap Obligation becomes effective hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide funds or
other support to each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor and U.K./Dutch Domiciled
Obligor that is a Specified Obligor with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Obligor from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case,
only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECPs obligations and undertakings under this Section 5.11 voidable under any applicable fraudulent transfer or conveyance
act). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until Full Payment of all Obligations. Each Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor and each U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor intends this Section to constitute, and this
Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of, each Obligor for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

5.11.3. No Limitation. Nothing contained in this Section 5.11 shall limit the liability of any Obligor to pay Loans made
directly or indirectly to that Obligor (including Loans advanced to any other Obligor and then re-loaned or otherwise transferred to, or for the benefit of, such Obligor), LC Obligations relating to Letters of Credit issued to support such
Obligors business, and all accrued interest, fees, expenses and other related Obligations with respect thereto, for which such Obligor shall be primarily liable for all purposes hereunder. Agent and Lenders shall have the right, at any time in
their discretion, to condition Loans and Letters of Credit upon a separate calculation of borrowing availability for each Borrower and to restrict the disbursement and use of such Loans and Letters of Credit to such Borrower. 

143 

5.11.4. Joint Enterprise. Each Obligor has requested that Agent and Lenders make the
credit facilities available to the applicable Borrowers on a combined basis, in order to finance Borrowers business most efficiently and economically. Obligors business is a mutual and collective enterprise, and the successful operation
of each Obligor is dependent upon the successful performance of the integrated group. The Obligors believe that the credit facilities provided to the applicable Borrowers under this Agreement will enhance the borrowing power of each Borrower and
ease administration of such credit facilities, all to their mutual advantage. Obligors acknowledge that Agents and Lenders willingness to extend credit and to administer the Collateral as provided under the Loan Documents is done solely
as an accommodation to Obligors and at Obligors request. 

5.11.5. California Waivers. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents, each of the Obligors hereby understands
and acknowledges that if Agent forecloses judicially or nonjudicially against any Collateral consisting of Real Estate located in California for the Obligations, that foreclosure could impair or destroy any ability that the Obligors may have to seek
reimbursement, contribution, or indemnification from one another based on any right any Obligor may have of subrogation, reimbursement, contribution, or indemnification for any amounts paid by the Obligors under this Agreement. Each of the Obligors
further understands and acknowledges that in the absence of this paragraph, such potential impairment or destruction of the Obligors rights, if any, may entitle the Obligors to assert a defense to this Agreement based on Section 580d of
the California Code of Civil Procedure as interpreted in Union Bank v. Gradsky, 265 Cal. App. 2d 40 (1968). By executing this Agreement, each Obligor freely, irrevocably, and unconditionally: (i) waives and relinquishes that defense and
agrees that the Obligors will be fully liable under this Agreement even though Agent may foreclose, either by judicial foreclosure or by exercise of power of sale, any deed of trust securing the Obligations; (ii) agrees that the Obligors will
not assert that defense in any action or proceeding which Agent may commence to enforce this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iii) acknowledges and agrees that the rights and defenses waived by the Obligors in this Agreement include any
right or defense that the Obligors may have or be entitled to assert based upon or arising out of any one or more of Sections 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure or Section 2848 of the California Civil Code; and
(iv) acknowledges and agrees that Agent and the Lenders are relying on this waiver in creating the Obligations, and that this waiver is a material part of the consideration which Agent and the Lenders are receiving for creating the Obligations.

(b) Each of the Obligors waives all rights and defenses that each Obligor may have because of any of the Obligations is secured by Real
Estate. This means, among other things: (i) Agent may collect from the Obligors without first foreclosing on any real or personal property collateral pledged by the Obligors; and (ii) if Agent forecloses on any Collateral consisting of
Real Estate pledged by the Obligors: (A) the amount of the Obligations may be reduced only by the price for which that Collateral is sold at the foreclosure sale, even if the Collateral is worth more than the sale price, and (B) Agent may
collect from the Obligors even if Agent, by foreclosing on the Collateral consisting of Real Estate, has destroyed any right the Obligors may have to collect from one another. This is an unconditional and irrevocable waiver of any rights and
defenses the Obligors may have because any of the Obligations are secured by real property. These rights and defenses include, but are not limited to, any rights or defenses based upon Section 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the California Code of
Civil Procedure. 

(c) Each of the Obligors waives any right or defense it may have at law or equity, including California Code of Civil
Procedure Section 580a, to a fair market value hearing or action to determine a deficiency judgment after a foreclosure. 

144 

5.11.6. Subordination. Each Obligor hereby subordinates any claims, including any
rights at law or in equity to payment, subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, indemnification or set off, that it may have at any time against any other Obligor, howsoever arising, to the Full Payment of all Obligations. 

5.11.7.
[Reserved]. 

5.11.7. German Limitations. On the basis of the judgments LG Darmstadt, 25.4.2013 16 O 195/12, OLG Frankfurt a. M., 8.11.2013 24 U
80/13 A, BGH, 10.1.2017 II ZR 94/15 and BGH, 21.3.2017 II ZR 93/16 the respective directors (Geschftsfhrer) of each German Facility Obligor incorporated or established (as the case may be) in Germany (a
German Guarantor) have assessed the financing concept provided for in connection with this Agreement and are satisfied by its robustness. In the case that during the lifetime of this Agreement the directors of a
German Guarantor reasonably expect to suffer a personal liability in the case of an enforcement of this Section 5.11, the Secured Parties agree to the following limitations in order to avoid a personal liability of the
directors (Geschftsfhrer) or managing directors, respectively, of that German Guarantor (and/ or in the case of a GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, its general partners directors
(Geschftsfhrer)) as follows:

(a) To the extent a German Guarantor guarantees or indemnifies any obligations under this Section 5.11 or any other provision of the Loan
Documents of any of its Holding Companies or Affiliates (other than a Subsidiary of that German Guarantor) and that the German Guarantor is a GmbH, a GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, the enforcement of the respective
obligations of that German Guarantor under this Section 5.11 (or any other relevant provision of the Loan Documents) shall, subject to paragraphs (b) to (d) below, be limited to the amount that would not lead
to the situation, that (i) such German Guarantors net assets (for the purposes of this clause net assets means the assets (taking into consideration the assets listed under Section 266 paragraph 2 A, B, C, D and E of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)) less the aggregate of its liabilities (taking into consideration the liabilities listed under Section 266 paragraph 3 B, C, D and E of the German Commercial Code (HGB)) of the German Guarantor in each case
as calculated in accordance with the applicable law at that time fall below its (or in the case of a GmbH & Co. KG, its general partners) registered share capital (Stammkapital) or (ii), if its (or in the case of a
GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, its general partners) net assets are already below its (or in the case of a GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, its general partners) registered share
capital, the existing shortage in its (or in the case of a GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, its general partners) net assets would be further increased in each case in violation of Sections 30, 31 of the German
Limited Liability Companies Act (GmbHG).

(b) The limitations set out in paragraph (a) of this Section 5.11.7 only apply:

(i) if and to the extent that
the managing directors on behalf of such German Guarantor have evidenced (in reasonable detail) in writing to the Agent (a German Management Confirmation) within 15 Business Days of demand under this
Section 5.11 (or the respective other provision of the Loan Documents) the amount of the obligations under this Section 5.11 (or the respective other provision of the Loan Documents) which
cannot be met without causing the net assets of such German Guarantor (or, in the case of a GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, its general partner) to fall below its registered share capital or further reducing an
existing shortage of its net assets below its registered share capital; and

145 

(ii) in case a Lender raises an objection
against the German Management Confirmation and the Agent notifies the respective German Guarantor of such objection, if the Agent receives within 25 Business Days after such notification a written audit report prepared at the expense of the relevant
German Guarantor by a firm of auditors of international standard and reputation that has been appointed by the respective German Guarantor with a view to investigating to what extent the net assets of that German Guarantor (or in the case of a
GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, its general partner) exceeded its registered share capital.

(c) The limitations set out in
paragraph (a) of this Section 5.11.7 shall not apply to a guarantee in respect of loans made to the German Guarantor under
this Agreement to the extent they are on-lent to, or
letters of credit (or similar instruments under any Ancillary Facility) to the extent issued for the benefit of, that German Guarantor or its Subsidiaries (and/ or in the case of a GmbH & Co. KG or a GmbH & Co. KGaA, its
general partner and the general partners Subsidiaries) and such amount on-lent or benefit granted has not been returned prior to the
time of the intended enforcement.

(d) In any event the Secured Parties shall be
entitled to enforce the guarantee and indemnities up to the amount that is undisputed between them and the relevant German Guarantor and, in relation to the amount which is disputed, the Secured Parties shall be entitled to further pursue their
claims (if any) and the German Guarantor shall be entitled to provide evidence that the disputed amount is necessary for maintaining its or its general partners registered share capital or avoiding a further reduction of an existing shortage
of its net assets below its registered share capital.

(e) In any event the Secured Parties shall be entitled to enforce the guarantee and indemnities without any limitations if:

(i) a domination and/ or profit and loss
pooling agreement (Beherrschungs- und/ oder Gewinnabfhrungsvertrag) has been entered into with the German Guarantor as dominated party (beherrschtes Unternehmen); 

(ii) the German Guarantor has an
adequate counterclaim (vollwertiger Gegenanspruch) against its shareholder for the indemnification of any amount paid by it under the guarantee and indemnities;

(iii) insolvency proceedings have been
opened in relation to that German Guarantor;

(iv) by law, changes in applicable law or applicable court rulings of the Federal Supreme Court the limitations set out in this Section 5.11.7
are not deemed to be longer required to protect the management of the German Guarantor; or

(v) the German Guarantor has not complied
with its obligations under this Section 5.11.7. 

146 

(f) Subject to paragraphs (g) and
(h) below, any guarantee and/or indemnity granted under this Section 5.11 by a German Guarantor that is incorporated as a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) or a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien), including, for the avoidance of doubt, a GmbH & Co. KGaA, or any Subsidiary of such German Guarantor shall not secure
liabilities which are owed by direct or indirect shareholders of such German Guarantor or Subsidiaries of such shareholders (for the avoidance of doubt, such subsidiaries not to include the German Guarantor and its Subsidiaries) except if and for so
long as the German Guarantor is a party to a domination and/or profit and loss pooling agreement (Beherrschungs- und/oder Gewinnabfhrungsvertrag) within the meaning of section 291 of the German Stock Corporation Act
(Aktiengesetz) as the dominated party with a direct or indirect shareholder or any Subsidiary of such shareholder (for the avoidance of doubt, such Subsidiaries not to include the German Guarantor and its Subsidiaries) as the dominating
party.

(g) If a domination and/or profit and loss pooling agreement (Beherrschungs- und/oder Gewinnabfhrungsvertrag) within the meaning of section 291 of the German
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) is in force between the German Guarantor and a direct or indirect shareholder or any Subsidiary of such shareholder (for the avoidance of doubt, such Subsidiaries not to include the German Guarantor and
its Subsidiaries) with the direct or indirect shareholder or relevant Subsidiary as the dominating party, any guarantee and/or indemnity granted under this Section 5.11 by the German Guarantor or by any Subsidiary of
such German Guarantor shall be fully enforceable (vollstreckbar), except that it shall not be enforceable (vollstreckbar) if and to the extent that despite the existence of such circumstances there would be a violation of section 57
para. 1 sentence 1 or section 71a para. 1 sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz).

(h) Except if and to the extent that despite
the existence of the circumstances set out in paragraphs (i) to (iii) below there would be a violation of section 57 para. 1 sentence 1 or section 71a para. 1 sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), the
restrictions in paragraphs (f) and (g) above shall not apply to any amounts which:

(i) correspond to funds that have been
borrowed under this Agreement and have been on-lent to, or otherwise been passed on to, the German Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent that any such on-lent or passed-on funds are still outstanding at the date a demand
is made under any guarantee and/or indemnity granted under this Section 5.11 (in each case, the Demand Date);

(ii) correspond to letters of credit or bank
guarantees issued for the benefit of creditors of the German Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries by a Secured Party under the Loan Documents, in each case to the extent outstanding at the Demand Date; or

(iii) are covered (and to the extent they
are covered) by a fully recoverable indemnity claim or claim for refund (vollwertiger und durchsetzbarer Gegenleistungs- oder Rckgewhranspruch) of the German Guarantor against its shareholder that can be accounted for in the
balance sheet of the German Guarantor at full value (vollwertig),

147 

provided
that the Agent has waived with binding effect on the Secured Parties any restrictions otherwise applicable to the German Guarantor under the Loan Documents with respect to demanding, enforcing, setting off or otherwise claiming or discharging any of its recourse claims (if any) arising as a result of the enforcement of any guarantee and/or indemnity granted under this
Section 5.11 so that it shall be permitted for the German Guarantor to (1) set off its recourse claim (if any) against the loan obligation in respect of any amounts so on-lent to it, (2) otherwise use its
recourse claim (if any) to settle or discharge such loan obligation, or (3) to claim to be indemnified by another Obligor (including to bring legal or other proceedings against another Obligor in that regard).

(i) The restrictions set forth in
paragraph (a) or paragraph (f) of this Section 5.11.7 shall not imply any full or partial waiver of any amount owed under the guarantee and indemnity under this Section 5.11, but
shall impede only temporarily the enforcement of the guarantee and indemnity under this Section 5.11 to the extent the enforcement of the guarantee and indemnity under this Section 5.11 is limited by the
restrictions set forth in paragraph (a) or paragraph (f), respectively, of this Section 5.11.7.

5.11.8.
5.11.8U.K. Limitations. The guarantees under this Section 5.11 shall not apply
to any liability to the extent that it would result in this guarantee constituting unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of sections 678 or 679 of the Companies Act 2006 and, with respect to any U.K. Subsidiary, is subject to any
limitations set out in any Joinder Agreement applicable to such U.K. Subsidiary. 

5.12 Currency Matters. Dollars are
the currency of account and payment for each and every sum at any time due from Borrowers hereunder unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise agreed to by Agent. The parties hereto hereby agree as
follows: 

(a) Each repayment of a Loan or LC Obligation or a part thereof shall be made in the currency in which such Loan or LC Obligation
is denominated at the time of that repayment; 

(b) Each payment of interest shall be made in the currency in which the principal or other
sum in respect of which such interest is denominated; 

(c) Each payment of fees by any Borrower pursuant to Section 3.2 shall
be in Dollars; 

(d) Each payment in respect of Extraordinary Expenses and any other costs, expenses and indemnities shall be made in the
currency in which the same were incurred by the party to whom payment is to be made; 

(e) Any amount expressed to be payable in Canadian
Dollars shall be paid in Canadian Dollars; 

(f) Any amount expressed to be payable in British Pounds shall be paid in British Pounds; 

(g) Any amount expressed to be payable in Swiss Francs shall
be paid in Swiss Francs[Reserved]; and 

(h) Any amount expressed to be payable in Euros shall be paid in Euros. 

148 

No payment to any Credit Party (whether under any judgment or court order or otherwise) shall discharge the
obligation or liability of the Obligor in respect of which it was made unless and until such Credit Party shall have received Full Payment in the currency in which such obligation or liability is payable pursuant to the above provisions of this
Section 5.12. To the extent that the amount of any such payment shall, on actual conversion into such currency, be less than the full amount of such obligation or liability (actual or contingent) expressed in that currency, such Obligor
(together with the other Obligors who are liable thereunder or obligated therefor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless such Credit Party with respect to the amount of such deficiency, with such indemnity surviving the termination of this Agreement
and any legal proceeding, judgment or court order pursuant to which the original payment was made which resulted in such deficiency. To the extent that the amount of any such payment to a Credit Party shall, upon an actual conversion into such
currency, exceed such obligation or liability, actual or contingent, expressed in that currency, such Credit Party shall return such excess to the Borrower Agent. 

5.13 Currency Fluctuations. On each Business Day or such other date determined by Agent (the Calculation
Date), Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such date. The Exchange Rate so determined shall become effective on the first Business Day immediately following such determination (a Reset Date) and shall remain
effective until the next succeeding Reset Date. On each Reset Date, Agent shall determine the Dollar Equivalent of the Canadian Revolver Exposure, German Revolver
Exposure and the U.K./Dutch Revolver Exposure. If, on any Reset Date: (a) the Total Revolver Exposure exceeds the total amount of the Revolver Commitments on such date, (b) the
Canadian Revolver Exposure on such date exceeds the lesser of the Canadian Borrowing Base or the Canadian Revolver Commitments on such date, (c) the German
Revolver Exposure on such date exceeds the lesser of the German Borrowing Base or the German Revolver Commitments on such date,
or[reserved], (d) the U.K./Dutch Revolver
Exposure on such date exceeds the lesser of the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base or the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments on such date (in any case, the amount of any such excess referred to herein as the Excess Amount) then (i) Agent
shall give notice thereof to Borrower Agent and Lenders and (ii) within one (1) Business Day thereafter, Borrowers shall cause such excess to be eliminated, either by repayment of Revolver Loans or depositing of Cash Collateral with Agent
with respect to LC Obligations and until such Excess Amount is repaid, Lenders shall not have any obligation to make any Loans and the Issuing Banks shall not have any obligation to issue any Letters of Credit. 

SECTION 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

6.1 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness and Loans. In addition to the conditions set forth in Section 6.2, this
Agreement shall not become effective and Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall not be required to fund any requested Loans, issue any Letter of Credit for the benefit of the Borrowers or otherwise extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder,
until the date (Closing Date) that each of the following conditions has been satisfied: 

(a) Notes shall have been
executed by each Borrower and delivered to each Applicable Lender that requests issuance of a Note. Each other Loan Document to which any Obligor is a party shall have been duly executed and delivered to Agent by each of the signatories thereto, and
each such Obligor shall be in compliance with all terms thereof. 

(b) U.S. Borrowers shall have paid all fees and expenses to be paid to
Agent and Lenders on the Closing Date. 

(c) Agent shall have received certificates, in form and substance satisfactory to it, from a
knowledgeable Responsible Officer of each Obligor certifying that, after giving effect to the initial Loans and transactions hereunder, (i) such Obligor is Solvent; (ii) no Default or Event of Default exists; (iii) the representations
and warranties set forth in Section 9 are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by
materiality in the text thereof); and (iv) such Obligor has complied with all agreements and conditions to be satisfied by it under the Loan Documents to which such Obligor is a party. 

149 

(d) Agent shall have received a certificate of a duly authorized officer of each Obligor
certifying (i) that attached copies of such Obligors Organizational Documents (and for any Person organized under the laws of Germany, its extract from the
commercial register (Handelsregisterauszug)) are true and complete, and in full force and effect, without amendment except as shown; (ii) that an attached copy of resolutions
authorizing execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which such Obligor is a party is true and complete, and that such resolutions are in full force and effect, were duly adopted, have not been amended, modified or revoked, and constitute all
resolutions adopted with respect to this credit facility; and (iii) to the title, name and signature of each Person authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which such Obligor is a party. Agent may conclusively rely on this certificate until it
is otherwise notified by the applicable Obligor in writing. 

(e) Agent shall have received written opinions of (i) Latham
Watkins LLP, in its capacity as special New York, Delaware, Texas and California counsel for the Obligors, (ii) Dentons Durham Jones Pinegar P.C., in its capacity as special Utah counsel for the Obligors, (iii) McMillan LLP, in its
capacity as special Canadian counsel for the Obligors, and (iv) Norton Rose Fulbright LLP, in its capacity as special U.K.and Dutch and German counsel for Agent, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

(f) Agent shall have received good standing certificates for each Obligor (other than the U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligors and the German Domiciled Obligors), issued by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of such
Obligors jurisdiction of organization. 

(g) There shall exist no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding pending
or threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or governmental instrumentality that in Agents judgment (i) could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any Obligors business, assets, properties,
liabilities, operations, condition or prospects, or could materially impair any Obligors ability to perform its payment obligations satisfactorily under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; or (ii) could reasonably be expected to
materially and adversely affect this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(h) (i) all PPSA and other Lien filings or
recordations necessary to perfect Agents Liens on the Collateral of each signatory to the Canadian Security Agreement shall have been filed, and (ii) Agent shall have received PPSA and Lien searches and other evidence satisfactory to
Agent that such Liens are the only Liens upon the Collateral of each signatory to the Canadian Security Agreement (including estoppel letters), except Permitted Liens. 

(i) In respect of each company incorporated in the United Kingdom whose shares are the subject of a Lien in favor of the Agent (a
Charged Company), either (i) a certificate of an authorised signatory of U.K. Holdings certifying that (A) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have complied within the relevant timeframe with any notice they have
received pursuant to Part 21A of the Companies Act 2006 from a Charged Company; and (B) no warning notice or restrictions notice (in each case as defined in Schedule 1B of the Companies Act 2006) has been issued in
respect of those shares, together with a copy of the PSC register (within the meaning of section 790C(10) of the Companies Act 2006) of that Charged Company, which, is certified by an authorised signatory of U.K. Holdings to be correct,
complete and not amended or superseded as at a date no earlier than the date of this Agreement; or (ii) a certificate of an authorised signatory of U.K. Holdings certifying that such Charged Company is not required to comply with Part 21A of
the Companies Act 2006. 

(j) Each Obligor shall have provided, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, Issuing Banks and Lenders, all
documentation and other information as Agent or any Lender deems appropriate in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules
and 

150 

regulations, including the Patriot Act, Beneficial Ownership Regulation and the AML Legislation. If any Obligor qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation, it shall have provided a Beneficial Ownership Certification to Agent, Issuing Banks and Lenders in relation to such Obligor. 

(k) Refinancing. After giving effect to the Transactions, the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have outstanding no
indebtedness for borrowed money or preferred stock other than (a) the obligations under the Term Loan Documents, (b) the Obligations, (c) the Convertible Notes, (d) the Japan ABL Facility, (e) Topgolf Location Indebtedness
and (f) other indebtedness for borrowed money incurred in the ordinary course of business (including Capital Lease obligations, Specified Capital Lease Obligations, obligations in respect of any construction advance, operating lease liability,
any finance lease liability, any deemed landlord financing liability and/or any capitalized rent). 

(l) Perfection Certificate. The
Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of each U.S. Domiciled Obligor and Canadian Domiciled Obligor, together with all attachments contemplated
thereby. 

(m) German Law Security
Confirmation. Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to it, the German law security confirmation agreement in relation to the German Security Documents to be entered into by the German Domiciled Obligors and Agent
duly executed and delivered to Agent by each of the signatories thereto.

6.2 Conditions Precedent to All Credit Extensions. Agent, Issuing Banks and Lenders shall not be required to fund any Loans,
arrange for issuance of any Letters of Credit or grant any other accommodation to or for the benefit of Borrowers, unless the following conditions are satisfied: 

(a) No Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of, or result from, such funding, issuance or grant; 

(b) The representations and warranties of each Obligor in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that
such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on the date of, and upon giving effect to, such funding, issuance or grant (except
for representations and warranties that expressly relate to an earlier date); 

(c) All conditions precedent in any other Loan Document
shall be satisfied; and 

(d) With respect to issuance of a Letter of Credit, the LC Conditions shall be satisfied. 

Each request (or deemed request) by Borrower Agent or any Borrower for funding of a Loan, issuance of a Letter of Credit or grant of an
accommodation shall constitute a representation by Borrowers that the foregoing conditions are satisfied on the date of such request and on the date of such funding, issuance or grant. 

SECTION 7. COLLATERAL 

7.1
Grant of Security Interest. 

7.1.1. (a) To secure the prompt payment and performance of all Obligations (including, without
limitation, all Obligations of the Guarantors), each U.S. Domiciled Obligor hereby grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a continuing security interest in and Lien upon all Property of such

151 

Obligor, in which such Obligor has rights, or the power to transfer rights, including all of the following Property of such Obligor, whether now or in the future, and wherever located: 

(i) all Accounts; 

(ii) all Goods, including Inventory, Equipment and fixtures; 

(iii) all Deposit Accounts (including all cash, cash equivalents, financial assets, negotiable instruments and other evidence
of payment, and other funds on deposit therein or credited thereto); 

(iv) all securities accounts (including any and all
Investment Property held therein or credited thereto); 

(v) all General Intangibles, including Intellectual Property
(including the right to sue and recover for any and all past, present or future infringements of, violations of, dilution of or other damages or injuries to any Intellectual Property); 

(vi) all monies, whether or not in the possession or under the control of Agent, a Lender, or a bailee or Affiliate of Agent or
a Lender, and any Cash Collateral; 

(vii) all Supporting Obligations; 

(viii) all Instruments, Documents and Chattel Paper; 

(ix) all Investment Property 

(x) all Letters of Credit (as defined in the UCC) and Letter-of-Credit Rights; 

(xi) all Commercial Tort Claims, including those shown on Schedule 9.1.20; 

(xii) all accessions to, substitutions for, and all replacements, products, and cash and non-cash proceeds of the foregoing,
including proceeds of and unearned premiums with respect to insurance policies, and claims against any Person for loss, damage or destruction of any of the Property described in this Section 7.1.1(a) (the Proceeds);
and 

(xiii) all books and records (including customer lists, files, correspondence, tapes, computer programs, print-outs
and computer records) pertaining to any of the Property described in this Section 7.1.1(a). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in clauses (i) through (xiii) above, the security interest granted by the U.S. Domiciled Obligors pursuant to this Agreement shall not extend to, and the Collateral of the U.S. Domiciled Obligors shall not include,
any Excluded Property. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 7, no representation, warranty, covenant or other provision of this Section 7 shall apply to (nor shall be required to be satisfied with respect to) any Excluded
Property. 

(b) To secure the prompt payment and performance of all Canadian Facility Obligations (including, without limitation, all
Canadian Facility Obligations of each Canadian Facility Guarantor), each Canadian Domiciled Obligor hereby grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Canadian Facility
Secured Parties, the German Facility Secured Parties and the U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties 

152 

a continuing security interest in and Lien upon all of the following Property of such Obligor, in which such Obligor has rights, or the power to transfer rights, whether now or in the future, and
wherever located: 

(i) all Accounts; 

(ii) all Inventory; 

(iii) all Deposit Accounts (including all cash, cash equivalents, financial assets, negotiable instruments and other evidence
of payment, and other funds on deposit therein or credited thereto); 

(iv) all securities accounts (including any and all
Investment Property held therein or credited thereto); 

(v) all Intellectual Property (including the right to sue and
recover for any and all past, present or future infringements of, violations of, dilution of or other damages or injuries to any Intellectual Property); 

(vi) all monies, whether or not in the possession or under the control of Agent, a Lender, or a bailee or Affiliate of Agent or
a Lender that were derived from or consist of any of the Property described in this Section 7.1.1(b), and any Cash Collateral; 

(vii) all Supporting Obligations of any of the Property described in this Section 7.1.1(b); 

(viii) all Instruments, Documents and Chattel Paper, in each case only to the extent evidencing or governing any of the
Property described in this Section 7.1.1(b); 

(ix) all accessions to, substitutions for, and all replacements,
products, and cash and non-cash proceeds of the foregoing, including proceeds of and unearned premiums with respect to insurance policies, and claims against any Person for loss, damage or destruction of any of the Property described in this
Section 7.1.1(b) (the Proceeds); and 

(x) all books and records (including customer lists,
files, correspondence, tapes, computer programs, print-outs and computer records) pertaining to any of the Property described in this Section 7.1.1(b), and any General Intangibles to the extent evidencing or governing any of the Property
described in this Section 7.1.1(b). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in clauses (i) through (x) above, the
security interest granted by the Canadian Domiciled Obligors pursuant to this Agreement shall not extend to, and the Collateral of the Canadian Domiciled Obligors shall not include, any Excluded Property. 

7.2 Lien on Deposit Accounts; Cash Collateral. 

7.2.1. Deposit Accounts. To further secure the prompt payment and performance of: (i) all Obligations (including, without
limitation, all Obligations of the Guarantors), each U.S. Domiciled Obligor hereby grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and (ii) all Canadian Facility Obligations (including, without limitation, all Canadian Facility
Obligations of each Canadian Facility Guarantor), each Canadian Domiciled Obligor hereby grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Canadian Facility Secured Parties, the
German Facility Secured Parties and the U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), a continuing security interest in and Lien on all amounts credited to
any 

153 

Deposit Account of such Obligor, including any sums in any blocked or lockbox accounts or in any accounts into which such sums are swept (other than any Excluded Property). Each Obligor hereby
authorizes and directs each bank or other depository to deliver to Agent, upon request, all balances in any Deposit Account maintained by such Obligor (other than any Excluded Property), without inquiry into the authority or right of Agent to make
such request. 

7.2.2. Cash Collateral. 

(a) Any Cash Collateral may be invested, at Agents discretion (and with the consent of Borrowers, as long as no Event of Default exists),
but Agent shall have no duty to do so, regardless of any agreement or course of dealing with any Obligor, and shall have no responsibility for any investment or loss. To further secure the prompt payment and performance of all: (i) Obligations
(including, without limitation, all Obligations of the Guarantors), each U.S. Domiciled Obligor hereby grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (ii) Canadian Facility Obligations (including, without limitation, all Canadian
Facility Obligations of each Canadian Facility Guarantor), each Canadian Domiciled Obligor hereby grants to Agent, for the benefit of the Canadian Facility Secured
Parties, the German Facility Secured Parties and the U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties, (iii) German Facility Obligations (including, without limitation, all German Facility Obligations of each German Facility Guarantor), each German Domiciled Obligor hereby, subject
to Section 5.11.7 above, grants to Agent, for the benefit of the German Facility Secured Parties, the U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties and the Canadian Facility Secured Parties,[reserved], and (iv) U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations (including,
without limitation, all U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations of each U.K./Dutch Facility Guarantor), each U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor hereby grants to Agent, for the benefit of the U.K./Dutch Facility Secured Parties, the German Facility Secured Parties and the Canadian Facility Secured Parties, in each case of clauses
(i) through (iv), a continuing security interest in and Lien on all Cash Collateral held from time to time and all proceeds thereof, whether such Cash Collateral is held in a Cash Collateral Account or elsewhere. 

(b) Agent may apply Cash Collateral of a U.S. Domiciled Obligor to the payment of any Obligations, may apply Cash Collateral of a Canadian
Domiciled Obligor to the payment of any Canadian Facility Obligations, may apply Cash Collateral of a German Domiciled Obligor, subject to, and in accordance with,
Section 5.11.7 above, to the payment of any German Facility Obligations, and may apply Cash Collateral of a U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor to the payment of any U.K./Dutch Facility
Obligations, in each case, in such order as Agent may elect, as they become due and payable. Each Cash Collateral Account and all Cash Collateral shall be under the sole dominion and control of Agent. 

(c) No U.S. Domiciled Obligor or other Person claiming through or on behalf of any U.S. Domiciled Obligor shall have any right to any Cash
Collateral, until Full Payment of all Obligations. No Canadian Domiciled Obligor or other Person claiming through or on behalf of any Canadian Domiciled Obligor shall have any right to any Cash Collateral, until Full Payment of all Canadian Facility
Obligations. No German Domiciled Obligor or other Person claiming through or on behalf of any German Domiciled Obligor shall have any right to any Cash Collateral,
until Full Payment of all German Facility Obligations. No U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor or other Person claiming through or on behalf of any U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor shall have any right
to any Cash Collateral, until Full Payment of all U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

7.3 [Reserved]. 

7.4 Other Collateral. 

7.4.1. Commercial Tort Claims. U.S. Borrowers shall promptly notify Agent in writing if any U.S. Domiciled Obligor has a Commercial Tort
Claim (other than a Commercial Tort Claim for less than $10,000,000), shall promptly amend Schedule 9.1.20 to include such claim, and shall take such actions as Agent reasonably deems appropriate to subject such claim to a duly perfected,
first priority (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) Lien in favor of Agent. 

154 

7.4.2. Certain After-Acquired Collateral. In each case, subject to the Intercreditor
Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof, and excluding Excluded Property: 

(a) If after the Closing Date, any indebtedness for borrowed money from any person other than any Obligor to any Obligor shall be evidenced by
any Instrument (other than a check to be deposited) or Tangible Chattel Paper, in each case, constituting Collateral and having a face amount exceeding $10,000,000, the Obligor acquiring such Instrument or Tangible Chattel Paper shall promptly (but
in any event within the later of (x) thirty (30) days after receipt thereof or (y) the next date of delivery of financial statements pursuant to Sections 10.1.1(a) or (b), or such longer time as Agent shall permit in its
reasonable discretion) endorse, assign and deliver the same to Agent, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as Agent may from time to time specify. 

(b) If any Obligor is at any time a beneficiary under a Letter of Credit constituting Collateral now or hereafter issued, such Obligor shall
promptly notify Agent thereof and such Obligor shall, at the request of Agent, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, use commercially reasonable efforts to either (i) arrange for the issuer and any
confirmer of such Letter of Credit to consent to an assignment to Agent of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit or (ii) arrange for Agent to become the transferee beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, with Agent agreeing, in
each case, that, during the continuance of an Event of Default, the proceeds of any drawing under the Letter of Credit are to be applied as provided herein. The actions in the preceding sentence shall not be required to the extent that the amount of
any such Letter of Credit does not exceed $10,000,000. 

(c) If any Obligor shall at any time after the Closing Date obtain any interest in
Collateral consisting of Intellectual Property, the provisions hereof shall automatically apply thereto and any such Intellectual Property shall automatically constitute Collateral as if such Intellectual Property would have constituted Collateral
at the time of execution of this Agreement and be subject to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement without further action by any party. Such Obligor shall promptly (and in any event no later than the later of (x) ninety
(90) days or (y) the next date of delivery of financial statements pursuant to Sections 10.1.1(a) or (b) or such longer period as Agent may permit in its reasonable discretion) provide to Agent written notice of any of
the foregoing Collateral consisting of registrations of or applications for U.S. and Canadian Patents, Trademarks and/or Copyrights, and confirm the attachment of the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement to any such interest in
Intellectual Property constituting Collateral by execution of an instrument in form reasonably acceptable to Agent and the filing of any instruments or statements as shall be reasonably necessary to create, preserve, protect or perfect the
Agents security interest in such Collateral, including prompt recordals with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, and the Canadian Intellectual Property Office, as applicable. 

(d) In the event that any Collateral, including Proceeds, is evidenced by or consists of Investment Property having an aggregate value or face
amount of $10,000,000 or more for all such Investment Property, if and to the extent that perfection or priority of Agents security interest under the Loan Documents is dependent on or enhanced by possession, the applicable Obligor shall
(i) promptly (and in any event no later than the later of (x) ninety (90) days or (y) the next date of delivery of financial statements pursuant to Sections 10.1.1(a) or (b) or such longer period as Agent may permit in its
reasonable discretion) notify Agent thereof, and (ii) thereafter promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business Days (or such longer period as agreed to by Agent in writing in its reasonable discretion)) after request by

155 

Agent, shall execute such other documents and instruments as shall be requested by Agent or, if applicable, endorse and deliver physical possession of such Investment Property to Agent, together
with such undated powers (or other relevant document of transfer acceptable to Agent) endorsed in blank as shall be requested by Agent, and shall do such other acts or things deemed necessary or desirable by Agent to protect Agents security
interest therein. 

7.5 No Assumption of Liability. The Liens on the Collateral granted hereunder are given as security only
and shall not subject Agent or any Lender to, or in any way modify, any obligation or liability of any Obligor relating to any Collateral. In no event shall the grant of any Lien under any Loan Document secure an Excluded Swap Obligation of the
granting Obligor. 

7.6 Further Assurances. Promptly upon request, Obligors shall deliver such instruments, assignments, title
certificates, or other documents or agreements, and shall take such actions, as Agent reasonably deems appropriate under Requirements of Law to evidence or perfect its Lien on any Collateral, or otherwise to give effect to the intent of this
Agreement. Each Obligor authorizes Agent to file any financing statement that Agent reasonably deems desirable to preserve and perfect Agents security interest in the Collateral of such Obligor, and ratifies any action taken by Agent before
the Closing Date to effect or perfect its Lien on any Collateral. 

SECTION 8. COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATION 

8.1 Borrowing Base Certificates.

8.1.1. By the 30th day of each month, Borrower Agent shall deliver to Agent (and Agent shall promptly deliver same to Lenders) a U.S. Borrowing
Base Certificate, Canadian Borrowing Base Certificate, German Borrowing Base Certificate, and a U.K./Dutch
Borrowing Base Certificate, in each case, prepared as of the close of business of the previous month, and at such other times as Agent may reasonably request; provided that during any Reporting Trigger Period, Borrower Agent shall also be
required to deliver to Agent weekly U.S. Borrowing Base Certificates, Canadian Borrowing Base Certificates, German Borrowing Base Certificates, and U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base Certificates by the 3rd Business Day of each week which begins during such Reporting Trigger Period, in each case, prepared as of the close of business on the last Business Day of the
previous week (in the case of matters other than those related to Inventory) or of the close of business of the previous month (in the case of matters relating to Inventory). To the extent that any transaction (or series of related transactions)
pursuant to, described in, contemplated by, or permitted by Section 10.2.2, Section 10.2.4, Section 10.2.6, Section 10.2.7, or the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (in each case other
than the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business), in each case involves the Disposition of or would result in the ineligibility of assets included in the Borrowing Base with an aggregate fair market value in excess of an amount equal
to 5% of the Maximum Facility Amount, substantially concurrently with such transaction, Borrower Agent shall deliver to Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate after giving effect to such transaction. 

8.1.2. All calculations of U.S. Availability, Canadian Availability,
German Availability, or U.K./Dutch Availability in any Borrowing Base Certificate shall originally be made by
Borrower Agent and certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower Agent; provided, that Agent may from time to time review and adjust any such calculation in its Credit Judgment (a) to reflect its reasonable estimate of declines in value
of any Collateral, due to collections received in any Dominion Account or otherwise; (b) to adjust the U.S. Availability Reserve and/or the Canadian Availability Reserve and/or the U.K./Dutch Availability Reserve and/or the German Availability Reserve to reflect changes in dilution, quality, mix and other factors affecting
Collateral; and (c) to the extent the calculation is not made in accordance with this Agreement or does not accurately reflect the U.S. Availability Reserve and/or the Canadian Availability Reserve and/or the U.K./Dutch Availability
Reserve and/or the German Availability Reserve. 

156 

8.1.3. The U.S. Borrowing Base shall set forth the calculation of the U.S. Borrowing Base in
Dollars. The Canadian Borrowing Base shall set forth the calculation of the Canadian Borrowing Base in both Canadian Dollars and the Dollar Equivalent thereof along with the Exchange Rate used to determine such Dollar Equivalent. The U.K./Dutch
Borrowing Base shall set forth the calculation of the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base in each of British Pounds, Dollars and Euros and the Dollar Equivalent thereof along with the Exchange Rate used to determine such Dollar Equivalent. The German Borrowing Base shall set forth the calculation of the German Borrowing Base in each of British Pounds, Swiss Francs, Dollars and Euros and the Dollar Equivalent
thereof along with the Exchange Rate used to determine such Dollar Equivalent.

8.2 Administration of Accounts.

8.2.1. Records and Schedules of Accounts. Each Obligor shall keep accurate and complete records of its Accounts, including all payments
and collections thereon, and shall submit to Agent sales, collection, reconciliation and other reports in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent, on such periodic basis as Agent may reasonably request. Borrower Agent shall also provide to Agent, on
or before the 30th day of each month, a detailed aged trial balance of all Accounts of each Borrower as of the end of the preceding month, specifying each Accounts Account Debtor name and address, amount, invoice date and due date, showing any
discount, allowance, credit, authorized return or dispute, and including such proof of delivery, copies of invoices and invoice registers, copies of related documents, repayment histories, status reports and other information as Agent may reasonably
request. If Accounts or Credit Card Receivables of any Borrower Group in an aggregate face amount of $2,500,000 or more cease to be Eligible Accounts or Eligible Credit Card Receivables, Borrower Agent shall notify Agent of such occurrence promptly
(and in any event within one Business Day) after any Obligor has knowledge thereof. 

8.2.2. Taxes. If an Account of any Obligor
includes a charge for any Taxes, Agent is authorized, in its discretion, to pay the amount thereof to the proper taxing authority for the account of such Obligor and to charge the Borrowers of the applicable Borrower Group therefor; provided,
however, that neither Agent nor Lenders shall be liable for any Taxes that may be due from any Obligor or with respect to any Collateral. 

8.2.3. Account Verification. Whether or not a Default or Event of Default exists, Agent shall have the right at any time, in the name of
Agent, any designee of Agent or any Obligor, to verify the validity, amount or any other matter relating to any Accounts of Obligors by mail, telephone or otherwise. Obligors shall cooperate fully with Agent in an effort to facilitate and promptly
conclude any such verification process. 

8.2.4. Maintenance of Dominion Accounts. 

(a) U.S. Domiciled Obligors (other than Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf), Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors, Dutch Domiciled Obligors and commencing 90 days after the Closing Date (or
such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion), U.S. Domiciled Obligors which are Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf, shall maintain Dominion Accounts pursuant to lockbox or other arrangements reasonably acceptable to Agent. U.S.
Domiciled Obligors (other than Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf), Canadian Domiciled Obligors, German Domiciled Obligors, Dutch Domiciled Guarantors and commencing 90 days after the Closing Date (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion), U.S. Domiciled Obligors which are Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf,
shall obtain an agreement (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent) from each 

157 

lockbox servicer and Dominion Account bank, establishing Agents control over and Lien (governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Dominion Account is domiciled) in the lockbox
or Dominion Account, which may be exercised by Agent during any Dominion Trigger Period, requiring immediate deposit of all remittances received in any such lockbox to a Dominion Account, and waiving offset rights of such servicer or bank, except
for customary administrative charges. If a Dominion Account of a U.S. Domiciled Obligor, Canadian Domiciled Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or Dutch Domiciled Obligor is not maintained with Bank of America or Bank of America (Canada), as applicable, Agent may, during any Dominion Trigger Period, require immediate transfer of all funds in such account
to a Dominion Account maintained with Bank of America or Bank of America (Canada), as applicable. 

(b) U.K. Domiciled Obligors shall
maintain Dominion Accounts at all times pursuant to arrangements reasonably acceptable to Agent; provided that Subsidiaries of Topgolf that are U.K. Domiciled Obligors shall not be required to comply with the foregoing until the date
that is 90 days after the later of (i) the Closing Date and (ii) solely in the case of Subsidiaries of Topgolf in existence on the Closing Date, the date that such Subsidiary becomes an Obligor (or such longer period as agreed to by Agent
in its sole discretion). Subject to the proviso in the foregoing sentence, U.K. Domiciled Obligors shall obtain an agreement (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent) from each Dominion Account bank, establishing Agents control
over and Lien in the Dominion Account, which may be exercised by Agent during any Dominion Trigger Period, and waiving offset rights of such bank, except for customary administrative charges. If a Dominion Account of a U.K. Domiciled Obligor is not
maintained with Bank of America, N.A., London Branch, Agent may, during any Dominion Trigger Period, require immediate transfer of all funds in such account to a Dominion Account maintained with Bank of America, N.A., London Branch. During any
Dominion Trigger Period, on request by the Agent, each U.K. Domiciled Obligor shall deliver to the Agent (x) an English law fixed charge in respect of its Accounts, Dominion Accounts and any other Deposit Account into which any Accounts are
paid; and (y) to the extent any Account is paid into a Deposit Account that is not a Dominion Account, an agreement (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent) from the relevant account bank, establishing Agents control over
such Deposit Account at all times and waiving offset rights of such bank, except for customary administrative charges. 

(c) Agent and
Lenders assume no responsibility to any Obligor for any lockbox arrangement or Dominion Account, including any claim of accord and satisfaction or release with respect to any Payment Items accepted by any bank. 

8.2.5. Proceeds of Collateral. Obligors (other than Obligors which are Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf) shall request in writing and
otherwise take all necessary steps to ensure that all payments on Accounts or otherwise relating to ABL Collateral are made directly to a Dominion Account (or a lockbox relating to a Dominion Account). If any Obligor (other than Obligors which are
Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf) receives cash or Payment Items with respect to any ABL Collateral, it shall hold same in trust for Agent and promptly (not later than the next Business Day) deposit same into a Dominion Account. Commencing 90
days after the Closing Date (or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion), Obligors which are Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf shall request in writing and otherwise take all necessary steps to ensure that all payments on
Accounts or otherwise relating to ABL Collateral (other than Inventory of Topgolf and Subsidiaries of Topgolf that is not included in the Borrowing Base) are made directly to a Dominion Account (or a lockbox relating to a Dominion Account);
provided, however, the foregoing requirement shall not apply to amounts deposited in Deposit Accounts subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.5(a)(E) or Section 8.5(c). Commencing 90 days after the Closing Date (or such later
date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion), if any Obligor which is Topgolf or a Subsidiary of Topgolf receives cash or Payment Items with respect to any ABL Collateral (other than Inventory of Topgolf or Subsidiaries of Topgolf that is not
included in the Borrowing Base), it shall hold same in trust for Agent and promptly (not later than the next Business Day) deposit same into a Dominion Account; provided, however, the foregoing requirement shall not apply to amounts deposited in
Deposit Accounts subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.5(a)(E) or Section 8.5(c). 

158 

8.3 Administration of Inventory.

8.3.1. Records and Reports of Inventory. Each Obligor shall keep accurate and complete records in all material respects of its Inventory
(other than Inventory of Topgolf or any Subsidiaries of Topgolf that is not included in the Borrowing Base), including costs and daily withdrawals and additions, and shall submit to Agent inventory and reconciliation reports in form reasonably
satisfactory to Agent, on such periodic basis as Agent may reasonably request. Each relevant Obligor shall conduct periodic cycle counts (other than Inventory of Topgolf or any Subsidiaries of Topgolf that is not included in the Borrowing Base)
consistent with historical practices, and shall, upon reasonable request, provide to Agent a report based on each such count promptly upon completion thereof, together with such supporting information as Agent may reasonably request. 

8.3.2. Returns of Inventory. No Obligor shall return any Inventory (other than Inventory of Topgolf or any Subsidiaries of Topgolf that
is not included in the Borrowing Base) to a supplier, vendor or other Person, whether for cash, credit or otherwise, unless (a) such return is in the Ordinary Course of Business; (b) no Default, Event of Default or Overadvance exists or
would result therefrom; (c) Agent is promptly notified if the aggregate Value of all Inventory returned in any month exceeds $5,000,000; and (d) any payment with respect to Inventory received by an Obligor (other than Inventory of Topgolf
or any Subsidiaries of Topgolf that is not included in the Borrowing Base) for a return during any Dominion Trigger Period is promptly remitted to Agent for application to the Obligations. 

8.3.3. Acquisition, Sale and Maintenance. No Obligor shall acquire or accept any Inventory that is included in the Borrowing Base on
consignment or approval, and each Obligor shall take all commercially reasonable steps to assure that all such Inventory is produced in all material respects in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, including, if applicable, the FLSA (it
being understood that Inventory not produced in accordance with the applicable requirements of the FLSA shall not constitute Eligible Inventory). Except to the extent permitted by Section 10.2.5 in the case of consignments, no Obligor
shall sell any Inventory included in the Borrowing Base on consignment or approval or any other basis under which the customer may return or require an Obligor to repurchase such Inventory. Each Obligor shall use, store and maintain all Inventory
with reasonable care and caution, in all material respects in accordance with applicable standards of any insurance and in all material respects in conformity with all Requirements of Law, and, except (i) in cases of good faith disputes or
(ii) where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, shall make current rent payments (within applicable grace and cure periods provided for in leases) at all locations where any Collateral is
located. 

8.4 Intentionally Omitted.

8.5 Administration of Deposit Accounts. Subject to any applicable time period prescribed in Section 8.2.4, each
Obligor shall take all actions necessary to establish Agents control of all Deposit Accounts (including Dominion Accounts) and securities accounts maintained by such Obligor; provided, however, that such control shall not be
required for the following (collectively, the Excluded Deposit Accounts): (a) (A) accounts exclusively used for payroll, healthcare and other employee wage and benefit accounts, (B) accounts exclusively used as tax
accounts, including, without limitation, sales tax (or similar assessments) accounts, (C) escrow, trust, defeasance and redemption or impound accounts permitted by this Agreement, (D) fiduciary or trust accounts permitted by this
Agreement, and (E) disbursement and zero balance accounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, accounts that are swept on a daily basis to one or more Dominion Accounts), (b) an account held by a German Domiciled Obligor and used exclusively to collect funds from promotional voucher schemes which that such German Domiciled Obligor holds on trust

159 

for the participants of such promotional voucher scheme,[reserved], and (c) an account containing not more than $250,000,
provided, that the aggregate amounts contained in all such accounts referred to in this clause (c) for which Agent does not have control at any time shall not exceed $1,000,000, and (d) an account of a German Domiciled Obligor which is not maintained with a German domiciled bank and which contains not more than 500,000, provided, that
the aggregate amounts contained in all such accounts referred to in this clause (d) for which Agent does not have control at any time shall not exceed 2,000,000. In each case,
other than with respect to any Excluded Deposit Account, the applicable Obligor shall be the sole account holder of each Deposit Account or securities account and shall not allow any other Person (other than Agent) to have control over a Deposit
Account, securities account or any Property deposited therein. Each of the Obligors shall promptly notify Agent in writing of any opening or closing of a Deposit Account or securities account (other than an Excluded Deposit Account) and,
concurrently with the opening thereof, shall ensure that such account (except an Excluded Deposit Account) is subject to a fully executed Deposit Account Control Agreement or, in the case of a securities account, similar control agreement in favor
of Agent and reasonably acceptable to Agent. 

8.6 General Provisions.

8.6.1. Location of Collateral. All tangible items of Collateral included in the Borrowing Base, other than Inventory in transit
(including in transit to or from a manufacturing facility), shall at all times be kept by Obligors at the business locations for such Obligors set forth in Schedule 8.6.1, except that Obligors may (a) make sales or other dispositions of
Collateral in accordance with Section 10.2.5; and (b) move such Collateral to another location in the United States or, in the case of: (i) a Canadian Domiciled Obligor, in Canada, (ii) a German Domiciled Obligor, in Germany or, with the consent of the Agent, the United Kingdom,[reserved], (iii) a U.K. Domiciled Obligor, in the United Kingdom
or, with the consent of the Agent, Germany, (iv) a Dutch Domiciled Obligor, in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom or, with the consent of the Agent, Germany, or (v) a U.S. Domiciled Obligor, the United Kingdom (subject, in each case, to
Agent being granted a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) if none has been previously granted in such province or territory), in each case, upon 15 Business Days prior written notice to Agent; provided that, for the avoidance of
doubt, this Section 8.6.1 shall not apply to any Toptracer Bays. 

8.6.2. Insurance of Collateral; Condemnation Proceeds.

(a) Each Obligor shall maintain insurance with respect to the ABL Collateral, covering casualty, hazard, theft, malicious mischief, flood
and other risks, in amounts and with endorsements satisfactory to Agent in its Credit Judgment, and with insurers (with a Bests Financial Strength Rating of at least A_ VII, unless otherwise
approved by Agent in its Credit Judgment). From time to time upon reasonable request, Borrower Agent shall deliver to Agent the originals or certified copies of its insurance policies and updated flood plain searches. Unless Agent shall agree
otherwise, each property policy with respect to ABL Collateral shall include satisfactory endorsements including (i) showing Agent as lender first loss payee; and (ii) requiring at least 30 days prior written notice (or 10 days in the case
of non-payment) to Agent in the event of cancellation of the policy for any reason whatsoever. If any Obligor fails to provide and pay for any insurance, Agent may, at its option, but shall not be required to, procure the insurance and charge
Borrowers therefor. Each Obligor agrees to deliver to Agent, promptly as rendered, copies of all reports made to insurance companies. While no Event of Default exists, Obligors may settle, adjust or compromise any insurance claim, as long as the
proceeds are delivered to Agent in accordance with Section 8.6.2(b). If an Event of Default exists, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, only Agent shall be authorized to settle, adjust and compromise any claims involving any
Collateral. 

(b) Any proceeds of insurance relating to the ABL Collateral and any awards arising from condemnation of any ABL Collateral
shall be paid to the Dominion Account of the applicable Obligor. 

160 

8.6.3. Protection of Collateral. All expenses of protecting, storing, warehousing,
insuring, handling, maintaining and shipping any Collateral, all Taxes payable with respect to any Collateral (including any sale thereof), and all other payments required to be made by Agent to any Person to realize upon any Collateral, shall be
borne and paid by Borrowers. Agent shall not be liable or responsible in any way for the safekeeping of any Collateral, for any loss or damage thereto (except for reasonable care in its custody while Collateral is in Agents actual possession),
for any diminution in the value thereof, or for any act or default of any warehouseman, carrier, forwarding agency or other Person whatsoever, but the same shall be at Obligors sole risk. 

8.6.4. Defense of Title to Collateral. Each Obligor shall at all times defend its title to Collateral and Agents Liens therein
against all Persons, claims and demands whatsoever, except Permitted Liens. 

8.7 Power of Attorney. Each Obligor hereby
irrevocably constitutes and appoints Agent (and all Persons designated by Agent) as such Obligors true and lawful attorney (and agent-in-fact), coupled with an interest, for the purposes provided in this Section. Agent, or Agents
designee, may, without notice and in either its or an Obligors name, but at the cost and expense of the Borrowers, and in each case subject to the Intercreditor Agreement: 

(a) Endorse an Obligors name on any Payment Item or other proceeds of Collateral (including proceeds of insurance) that come into
Agents possession or control; and 

(b) During an Event of Default, (i) notify any Account Debtors of the assignment or charging
of their Accounts, demand and enforce payment of Accounts, by legal proceedings or otherwise, and generally exercise any rights and remedies with respect to Accounts; (ii) settle, adjust, modify, compromise, discharge or release any Accounts or
other Collateral, or any legal proceedings brought to collect Accounts or Collateral; (iii) sell or assign any Accounts and other Collateral upon such terms, for such amounts and at such times as Agent deems advisable; (iv) collect,
liquidate and receive balances in Deposit Accounts or securities accounts, and take control, in any manner, of any proceeds of Collateral; (v) prepare, file and sign an Obligors name to a proof of claim or other document in a bankruptcy
or other Insolvency Proceeding of an Account Debtor, or to any notice, assignment or satisfaction of Lien or similar document; (vi) receive, open and dispose of mail addressed to an Obligor where the addressor is any Account Debtor or where the
addressor is not identifiable with certainty, and notify postal authorities to deliver any such mail to an address designated by Agent; (vii) endorse any Chattel Paper, Document, Instrument, invoice, freight bill, bill of lading, or other
document or agreement relating to any Accounts, Inventory or other Collateral; (viii) use an Obligors stationery and sign its name to verifications of Accounts and notices to Account Debtors; (ix) use the information recorded on or
contained in any data processing, electronic or information systems relating to any Collateral; (x) make and adjust claims under insurance policies; (xi) take any action as may be necessary or appropriate to obtain payment under any letter
of credit, bankers acceptance or other instrument for which an Obligor is a beneficiary; (xii) exercise any voting or other rights under or with respect to any Investment Property; and (xiii) take all other actions as Agent
reasonably deems appropriate to fulfill any Obligors obligations under the Loan Documents. 

161 

SECTION 9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

9.1 General Representations and Warranties. To induce Agent and Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make available the
Commitments, Loans and Letters of Credit, each Obligor represents and warrants that: 

9.1.1. Organization; Powers. Parent and each
of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is (i) duly organized and validly existing and (ii) in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Requirements of Law of its jurisdiction of organization
or incorporation, (b) has all requisite organizational power and authority to own its assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists
in the relevant jurisdiction) in, every jurisdiction where the ownership, lease or operation of its properties or conduct of its business requires such qualification, except, in each case referred to in this Section 9.1.1 (other than
clause (a)(i) and clause (b), in each case, with respect to the Borrowers) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.1.2. Authorization; Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance by each Obligor of each Loan Document to which such
Obligor is a party are within such Obligors corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Obligor. Each Loan Document to which any Obligor is a party has
been duly executed and delivered by such Obligor and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 

9.1.3. Governmental Authorization; No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of each Loan Document by each Obligor party thereto and the
performance by such Obligor thereof (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and
effect, (ii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements and (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, (b) will not violate any (i) of such Obligors Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirement of Law applicable to such Obligor which violation, in the case of this clause (b)(ii), would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material Contractual Obligation (including the Loan Documents (as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement)) to which such Obligor is a party which
violation, in the case of this clause (c), would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.1.4. Financial
Condition; No Material Adverse Effect. 

(a) The financial statements most recently provided pursuant to the Fourth Amended and Restated
Loan Agreement and Section 10.1.1(a) or (b), as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Parent on a consolidated basis as of such dates and for
such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject, in the case of financial statements provided pursuant to Section 10.1.1(a) and Section 10.1.1(a) of the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, to the absence of footnotes
and changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. 

(b) Since the Closing Date, there have been no events, developments or
circumstances that have had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.1.5.
Properties. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) The Parent and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries have good and valid fee simple title to or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold
interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all of their respective Real Estate and have good title to their personal property and assets, in each case, except (i) for defects in title that do not materially interfere
with their ability to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes or (ii) where the failure to have such title would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. All such properties and assets are free and clear of Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 

162 

(c) The Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries own or otherwise have a license or right to
use Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and other rights in works of authorship (including all copyrights embodied in software) and all other Intellectual Property used in the conduct of their respective businesses as presently conducted without
infringing, violating or misappropriating of the Intellectual Property of third parties, except where any such infringement, violation or misappropriation would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. All registrations
of Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights and all applications therefor owned by the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries are subsisting, and to the knowledge of the Parent, valid and enforceable, except where any failure would not have, individually,
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No claim, proceeding or litigation regarding any Intellectual Property is pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against the Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries that would have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.1.6. Litigation and Environmental Matters. 

(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of
the Parent, threatened in writing against or affecting the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) neither the Parent nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability and (ii) neither the Parent nor any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (A) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law or (B) has become subject to any Environmental
Liability. 

(c) Neither the Parent nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or disposed of Hazardous
Materials at or from any currently or formerly operated real estate or facility relating to its business in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.1.7. Compliance with Laws. Each of the Parent and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law
applicable to it or its property, except, in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; it being understood and agreed that this
Section 9.1.7 shall not apply to the Requirements of Law covered by Section 9.1.17 below. The undertakings and covenants provided in this Section 9.1.7 shall (i) only be made by and apply to the Dutch Borrower to the extent that giving of and complying with such
representations and warranties / undertakings does not result in a violation of or conflict with or does not expose any Obligor to any liability under the Council Regulation (EC) 2271/96 or any similar anti-boycott laws or regulations and (ii) be provided only insofar as they do not result, in relation to a German Relevant Party, in a violation of or conflict with section 7 German Foreign Trade
Regulation (Auenwirtschaftsverordnung) or any provision of Council Regulation (EC) 2271/1996 or any similar anti-boycott laws or
regulations..

9.1.8. Investment Company Status. No Obligor is an investment company as defined in, or is required to be registered under,
the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

163 

9.1.9. Taxes. Each of Parent and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed
or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it that are due and payable, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which the Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.1.10. ERISA; Compliance with Canadian Pension
Plans and Foreign Plans. 

(a) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code and
all other applicable Requirements of Law, except where any failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) In the five-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, no ERISA Event has occurred and is
continuing or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) No Canadian Borrower or any Canadian Subsidiary provides benefits to retired Canadian Employees or to beneficiaries or dependents of
retired Canadian Employees. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Canadian Borrower and each Canadian Subsidiary is in compliance with all Requirements of Law and all Canadian Employee Benefits
Legislation and health and safety, workers compensation, employment standards, labor relations, health insurance, employment insurance, protection of personal information, human rights laws and any Canadian federal, provincial or local counterparts
or equivalents in each case, as applicable to the Canadian Employees and as amended from time to time. 

(d) The Canadian Borrower and
Canadian Subsidiaries are in compliance with the requirements of the PBA and other federal, provincial or state laws with respect to each Canadian Pension Plan, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. No fact or situation that may reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect exists in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan. Neither the Canadian Borrower nor any Canadian Subsidiary has any material
withdrawal liability in connection with a Canadian Pension Plan. No Termination Event has occurred. Each Canadian Pension Plan has no solvency deficiency and is fully funded as required under the most recent actuarial valuation filed with the
applicable Governmental Authority pursuant to generally accepted actuarial practices and principles. No fact or circumstance exists that could adversely affect the tax-exempt status of a Canadian Pension Plan. No Lien has arisen, choate or inchoate,
in respect of the Canadian Borrower or Canadian Subsidiaries or their property in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan (save for contribution amounts not yet due). No Canadian Pension Plan provides benefits on a defined benefit basis. 

(e) With respect to any Foreign Plan, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) all employer and
employee contributions required by law or by the terms of the Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices; (ii) the fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the
liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance, or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations with
respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles; and
(iii) it has been registered as required and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities. 

164 

(f) No U.K. Domiciled Obligor nor any of its U.K. Subsidiaries is nor has at any time been:
(i) an employer (for the purposes of Sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004 of the United Kingdom) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (as those terms are defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993 of the
United Kingdom); or (ii) connected with or an associate of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which is such an employer (as those terms are used in Sections 38 and 43 of the Pensions Act 2004 of the United
Kingdom) in relation to an occupational pension scheme in the United Kingdom which is not a money purchase scheme.

9.1.11.
Disclosure. 

(a) As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of the Parent, all written information (other than financial projections,
financial estimates, other forward-looking information and/or projected information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) concerning the Parent and its subsidiaries that was included in the Information Memorandum or
otherwise prepared by or on behalf of the Parent or its subsidiaries or their respective representatives and made available to any Lender, any arranger or the Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby on or before the Closing
Date (the Information), when taken as a whole, did not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially
misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 

(b) As of the Closing Date, the Projections have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Parent to be reasonable at
the time furnished (it being recognized that such Projections are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies many of which are beyond the Parents control, that no assurance can be given that any
particular financial projections will be realized, that actual results may differ from projected results and that such differences may be material). 

9.1.12. Solvency. As of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby and the incurrence of the
Indebtedness and obligations being incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (i) the sum of the debt (including contingent liabilities) of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not exceed the
fair value of the assets of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the present fair saleable value of the assets (on a going concern basis) of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not less
than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on their debts as they become absolute and matured in accordance with their terms; (iii) the capital of the
Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, contemplated as of the Closing Date; (iv) the Parent and its
Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to incur, or believe that they will incur, debts (including current obligations and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debt as they mature in accordance with their terms.
For the purposes hereof, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become
an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liability meets the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5), (v) no Canadian Domiciled Obligor is an insolvent person
as defined in the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), and (vi) each U.K. Borrower and the German Borrower is Solvent. 

165 

9.1.13. Capitalization and Subsidiaries. Schedule 9.1.13 sets forth, in each
case as of the Closing Date, (a) a correct and complete list of the name of each subsidiary of the Parent and the ownership interest therein held by the Parent or its applicable subsidiary, and (b) the type of entity of the Parent and each
of its subsidiaries. 

9.1.14. Security Interest in Collateral. Subject to the Legal Reservations, the Perfection Requirements and
the provisions, limitations and/or exceptions set forth in this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document, the Security Documents create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on all of the Collateral in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of itself and
the other applicable Secured Parties, and upon the satisfaction of the applicable Perfection Requirements, such Liens constitute perfected Liens (with the priority that such Liens are expressed to have under the relevant Security Documents, unless
otherwise permitted hereunder or under any Security Document or any applicable intercreditor agreement) on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens are then required to be perfected under the terms of the Loan Documents) securing the applicable
Obligations, in each case as and to the extent set forth therein. 

For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything herein or in any
other Loan Document to the contrary, neither the Parent nor any other Obligor makes any representation or warranty as to (A) the enforcement of any security interest, or right or remedy with respect to any Collateral that may be limited or
restricted by, or require any consent, authorization approval or license under, any Requirement of Law or (B) at any time, the pledge or creation of any security interest, or the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or
enforceability of any pledge or security interest to the extent the same is not required at such time in accordance with the terms hereof. 

9.1.15. Labor Disputes. Except as individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:
(a) there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened and (b) the hours worked by and payments
made to employees of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters. 

9.1.16. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether
immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation U or X. 

9.1.17.
Anti-Terrorism Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(a) None of the Parent, any of its subsidiaries, any of their respective directors and
officers or, to the knowledge of the Parent or such subsidiary, their respective agents, employees, Affiliates or representatives thereof, is a Sanctioned Person. The Borrowers maintain processes and procedures designed to promote and achieve
compliance by the Borrowers, their respective subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 

(b) To the extent applicable, each Borrower, its subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and, to the knowledge of any
Borrower, its employees and agents are in compliance and have conducted their business in compliance, in all material respects, with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 

(c) No Borrowing or use of proceeds by the Borrowers and/or any subsidiary will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. 

166 

(d) As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, the information included in
the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Lender (if any) in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 

No Obligor is a person whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to (A) Section 1 of
Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (B) the United Nations Act (Canada), the Special
Economic Measures Act (Canada), the Export and Import Permits Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), the Criminal Code (Canada), the Defence Production Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime Act, the Anti-terrorism
Act (Canada) or the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) (together with and all regulations and orders made thereunder, collectively, Canadian Sanctions Laws), or (C) the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, the
Counter-Terrorism Act 2008 and Export Control Order 2008, the Export Control Act 2002, the Export Control (Al-Qaida and Taliban Sanctions) Regulations 2011, the Terrorist Asset-Freezing etc. Act 2010 and the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions
Targets administered by HM Treasury through the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementations, EU Council Regulation 2580/2001 and all supplementary instruments thereto including Implementing Resolution 1169/2012 and EU (EC) Regulation 881/2002,
(EU) 753/2011, (EU) 754/2011 and (EU) 2017/1411 (collectively, the U.K. Sanctions Laws), (iii) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by (A) Section 2 of such executive order, (B) Canadian Sanctions
Laws or (C) U.K. Sanctions Laws, or is otherwise associated with any such person in any manner violative of Section 2 of such executive order or by Canadian Sanctions Laws or U.K. Sanctions Laws, or (iv) is a person (A) on the
list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or subject to the limitations or prohibitions under any other OFAC regulation or executive order, (B) on the list of names subject to the Regulations Establishing a List of Entities
made under subsection 83.05(1) of the Criminal Code, and/or the Regulations Implementing the United Nations Resolutions on the Suppression of Terrorism (RIUNRST) and/or United Nations Al-Qaida and Taliban
Regulations (UNAQTR), or (C) is a person included on the UKs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets. The representations and warranties provided in this Section 9.1.17 shall (i) only be made by and apply to the Dutch Borrower to the extent that giving of and complying with such
representations and warranties / undertakings does not result in a violation of or conflict with or does not expose any Obligor to any liability under the Council Regulation (EC) 2271/96 or any similar anti-boycott laws or regulations and (ii) be provided only in so far as they do not result, in relation to any German Relevant Party, in a violation of, or conflict with, section 7 German Foreign Trade
Regulation (Auenwirtschaftsverordnung) or any provision of Council Regulation (EC) 2271/1996 or any similar anti-boycott laws or
regulations..

The representations and warranties set forth in Sections 9.1.17(a), (b) and (c) above made by or on behalf
of any Foreign Subsidiary are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary; it being understood and agreed that to the extent that any Foreign Subsidiary is unable to make any such representation or warranty
set forth in Sections 9.1.17(a), (b) and (c) as a result of the application of this sentence, such Foreign Subsidiary shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is in compliance, in all material
respects, with any equivalent Requirement of Law relating to anti-terrorism, anti-corruption or anti-money laundering that is applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction of organization. 

9.1.18. Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. To the best knowledge of Obligors, or except as could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, Borrowers and Restricted Subsidiaries own, or possess the lawful right to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business, without conflict with the rights of any other Person. To the best knowledge
of Obligors, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary infringes upon any valid, proprietary rights held by any other Person that
could result in a claim, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material 

167 

Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Obligors, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower Agent has disclosed on Schedule 9.1.18 all Royalties or other compensation paid by any Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary to any Person with respect to the Company Trademark or
any Intellectual Property affecting any Eligible Inventory. 

9.1.19. Accounts. Agent may rely, in determining which Accounts are
Eligible Accounts and which Credit Card Receivables are Eligible Credit Card Receivables, on all statements and representations made by Borrowers with respect thereto. Borrowers warrant, with respect to each Account and Credit Card Receivable at the
time it is shown as an Eligible Account or Eligible Credit Card Receivable in a Borrowing Base Certificate, that: 

(a) it is genuine and in
all respects what it purports to be, and is not evidenced by a judgment; 

(b) it arises out of a completed, bona fide sale and delivery of
goods (or, solely with respect to the Toptracer Bays, the lease or license thereof) or rendition of services in the Ordinary Course of Business, and substantially in accordance with any purchase order, contract or other document relating thereto;

(c) it is for a sum certain, maturing as stated in the invoice covering such sale or rendition of services, a copy of which has been
furnished or is available to Agent on request; 

(d) it is not subject to any offset, Lien (other than Agents Lien and Liens
subordinate to the Lien of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement entered into in accordance with the terms hereof), deduction, defense, dispute, counterclaim or other adverse condition except as arising in
the Ordinary Course of Business and disclosed to Agent; and it is absolutely owing by the Account Debtor, without contingency in any respect; 

(e) no purchase order, agreement, document or Requirements of Law restricts assignment of the Account or Credit Card Receivable to Agent
(regardless of whether, under the UCC or PPSA, the restriction is ineffective), and the applicable Borrower or Guarantor is the sole payee or remittance party shown on the invoice; 

(f) no extension, compromise, settlement, modification, credit, deduction or return has been authorized with respect to the Account, except
discounts or allowances granted in the Ordinary Course of Business for prompt payment that are reflected on the face of the invoice related thereto and in the reports submitted to Agent hereunder; and 

(g) to the best of Borrowers knowledge, (i) there are no facts or circumstances that are reasonably likely to impair the
enforceability or collectibility of such Account or Credit Card Receivable; (ii) the Account Debtor had the capacity to contract when the Account arose, continues to meet the applicable Borrowers customary credit standards, is Solvent, is
not contemplating or subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, and has not failed, or suspended or ceased doing business; and (iii) there are no proceedings or actions threatened or pending against any Account Debtor that could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Account Debtors financial condition. 

9.1.20. Commercial Tort Claims. Except
as shown on Schedule 9.1.20, as of the Closing Date, no U.S. Domiciled Obligor has a Commercial Tort Claim (other than a Commercial Tort Claim for less than $10,000,000). 

168 

9.1.21. Centre of Main Interests and Establishments. Each Obligors centre of
main interest (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation (EU) 2015/848) of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the EU Regulation) is situated in its jurisdiction of incorporation and it has no
establishment (as that term is used in Article 2(10) of the EU Regulation) in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION 10. COVENANTS AND
CONTINUING AGREEMENTS 

10.1 Affirmative Covenants. As long as any Commitments or Obligations are outstanding, each
Obligor hereby covenants and agrees that: 

10.1.1. Financial Statements and Other Reports. The Parent will deliver to the Agent for
delivery by the Agent (with sufficient copes for each Lender): 

(a) Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any
event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on or about March 31, 2023, the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent as at the end of such Fiscal
Quarter and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows of the Parent for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and setting forth, in
reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, together with a Responsible Officer Certification (which may be included in the applicable
Compliance Certificate) with respect thereto, which shall be accompanied by managements discussion and analysis prepared by the Parent with respect to the performance of the Parent and its subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter; 

(b) Annual Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year ending after
the Closing Date, (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Parent for such Fiscal Year and setting
forth, in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year, (ii) with respect to such consolidated financial statements, a report thereon of an independent certified public accountant of recognized
national standing (which report shall be unqualified as to scope of audit and shall not be subject to a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement (except as resulting from (A) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness
within the 12-month period following the relevant audit date and/or (B) any breach or anticipated breach of any financial covenant under any Indebtedness)), and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Parent as at the dates indicated and its income and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP and (iii) managements discussion and analysis prepared by the
Parent with respect to the performance of the Parent and its subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year; 

(c) Compliance Certificate.
Together with each delivery of financial statements of the Parent pursuant to Sections 10.1.1(a) and (b), (i) a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate and (ii) solely to the extent that the Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) exceeds 5.0% of the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, in each case, as of the last day of the applicable Test Period, an unaudited summary of the pro forma adjustments
necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such financial statements; 

(d) [Reserved]; 

169 

(e) Notice of Default; Notice of Material Adverse Effect. Promptly upon any
Responsible Officer of an Obligor obtaining knowledge of (i) any Default or Event of Default or (ii) the occurrence of any event or change that has caused or evidences or would reasonably be expected to cause or evidence, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, a reasonably-detailed notice specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change and what action the Obligors have taken, are taking and propose to take with
respect thereto; 

(f) Notice of Litigation. Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of an Obligor obtaining knowledge of (i) the
institution of, or threat of, any Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by the Parent to the Agent, or (ii) any material development in any Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either of clauses (i) or
(ii), would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof from the Parent; 

(g) ERISA.
Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of an Obligor becoming aware of the occurrence of any ERISA Event or Termination Event that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a written notice specifying the nature thereof; 

(h) [Reserved];

(i)
Information Regarding Collateral. Written notice within 60 days (or by such later date to which the Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) following any change (or prior to or contemporaneously with any change with respect to the
Canadian Domiciled Obligors (or by such later date to which the Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)) (i) in any Obligors legal name, (ii) in any Obligors type of organization, (iii) in any Obligors
jurisdiction of organization or location of its registered office or chief executive office (by jurisdiction, such as by province or territory of Canada) or (iv) in any Obligors organizational identification number, in each case to the
extent such information is necessary to enable the Agent to perfect or maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in the Collateral of the relevant Obligor; 

(j) Certain Reports. Promptly upon their becoming available and without duplication of any obligations with respect to any such
information that is otherwise required to be delivered under the provisions of any Loan Document, copies of all financial statements, reports, notices and proxy statements sent or made available generally by Parent to its security holders acting in
such capacity; 

(k) Certain Regulatory Information; Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Promptly following a request by the Agent, or
any Lender, information or documentation reasonably required by the Agent or such Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act, the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation and the Proceeds of Crime Act; 

(l) Projections. Not later than 60 days after the end of each Fiscal
Year, projections of Parents consolidated balance sheets, results of operations, cash flow, U.S. Availability, Canadian Availability, and U.K./Dutch
Availability and German Availability for the next Fiscal Year, month by month and in form materially
consistent with those provided prior to the Closing Date; 

(m) Trade Payables. At Agents reasonable request (which
shall be limited to one request in any fiscal quarter, except during any Reporting Trigger Period that is continuing), a listing of each Obligors trade payables, specifying the trade creditor and balance due, and a detailed trade payable
aging, all in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent; 

170 

(n) Royalties. Within 45 days of the end of each fiscal quarter of Parent, or more
frequently if requested by Agent when a Default or Event of Default exists: (i) all Royalties or other compensation (to the extent not previously disclosed to Agent in writing) paid by any Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary to any Person with
respect to the Company Trademark or any Intellectual Property affecting Eligible Inventory, and (ii) all Intellectual Property (to the extent not previously disclosed to Agent in writing (including in any Perfection Certificate previously
delivered to Agent)) owned, used or licensed by, or otherwise subject to any interests of, any Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary (in each case other than the German
Domiciled Obligors), to the extent of a type required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 11 of the Perfection Certificate; 

(o) Intellectual Property. Promptly upon the Agents
reasonable request, a disclosure of all Intellectual Property registrations, filings and applications for registration owned by the German Domiciled Obligors; 

(o)
[Reserved];

(p) Collateral Locations. Prior to including any Eligible
Inventory in the Borrowing Base located at a newly opened office or place of business (or such later date as may be agreed by Agent), a notice of such new office or place of business; and 

(q) Other Information. Such other information (financial or otherwise) as the Agent may reasonably request from time to time regarding
the financial condition or business of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that none of the Parent nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (a) that
constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of any Person, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives) is prohibited by applicable Requirements
of Law, (c) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (d) in respect of which the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party
(provided that such confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements of this Section 10.1.1(p)). 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 10.1.1 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be
deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Parent (or a representative thereof) (x) posts such documents or (y) provides a link thereto at the website address listed on Schedule 10.1.1; provided that,
other than with respect to items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 10.1.1(k) above, the Parent shall promptly notify (which notice may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Agent of the posting of any such documents at the
website address listed on Schedule 10.1.1 and provide to the Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents; (ii) on which such documents are delivered by the Parent to the Agent for posting on
behalf of the Parent on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or another relevant website (the Platform), if any, to which each Lender and the Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Agent);
(iii) on which such documents are faxed to the Agent (or electronically mailed to an address provided by the Agent); or (iv) in respect of the items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 10.1.1(j) above in respect of
information filed by the Parent with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities (other than Form 10-Q Reports and Form 10-K reports
described in Sections 10.1.1(a) and (b), respectively), on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous governmental or private regulatory authority or securities exchange. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 10.1.1 may instead be satisfied
with respect to any financial statements and managements discussion and analysis of the Parent by furnishing the Parents Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC or any securities exchange, in each case, within the time
periods specified in such paragraphs and without any requirement to provide notice of such filing to the Agent or any Lender. 

171 

No financial statement required to be delivered pursuant to Section 10.1.1(a) or
(b) shall be required to include acquisition accounting adjustments relating to the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial
statement. 

10.1.2. Existence. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 10.2.7, the Parent will, and will cause each of its
Restricted Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business, in each case except, other than with respect to the preservation of the
existence of the Borrowers, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that neither the Parent nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any
such existence (other than with respect to the preservation of existence of the Borrowers), right, franchise, license or permit if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Persons board of directors (or similar governing body) determines
that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to the Lenders. 

10.1.3. Payment of Taxes. The Parent will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any
of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income or businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrues thereon; provided that no such Tax need be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as (i) adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions, as are required in conformity with GAAP, have been made therefor and (ii) in the case of a Tax which has resulted or may result
in the creation of a Lien on any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or (b) failure to pay or discharge the same could not reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

10.1.4. Maintenance of Properties. The Parent
will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all property reasonably necessary to the
normal conduct of business of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof, in each case except as expressly permitted by this
Agreement or where the failure to maintain such properties or make such repairs, renewals or replacements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

10.1.5. Insurance. Parent will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, (a) except where
the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, such insurance coverage with respect to liability, loss or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Parent and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in Similar Businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering
such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons and (b) flood insurance with respect to each Flood Hazard Property, in each case in compliance with Flood Insurance Laws. Subject to
Section 8.6.2(a) with respect to property insurance covering the ABL Collateral, each such policy of insurance shall (i) name the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties as an additional insured (with respect to liability insurance)
and (ii) (A) to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier in the case of each casualty insurance policy (excluding any business interruption insurance policy), contain a mortgagee/lenders loss payable clause or
endorsement that names the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as the mortgagee/lenders loss payee thereunder as its interests may appear and (B) to the extent available, provide for at least 30 days prior written notice to the
Agent of any modification or cancellation of such policy (or 10 days prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premiums thereunder). 

172 

10.1.6. [Reserved]. 

10.1.7. Maintenance of Books and Records. The Parent will, and will cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of
record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and permit the
preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 

10.1.8. Compliance with Laws. The Parent will comply, and
will cause each of its subsidiaries to comply, with (a) all applicable Requirements of Law (including applicable ERISA, PBA and Environmental Laws and except for applicable Sanctions, the PATRIOT Act, the Proceeds of Crime Act and
Anti-Corruption Laws), except to the extent the failure of the Parent or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) all applicable Sanctions, the PATRIOT Act, the
Proceeds of Crime Act and Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects; provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 10.1.8, as they pertain to compliance by any Foreign Subsidiary with applicable Sanctions, the PATRIOT ACT and
other Anti-Terrorism Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction. The Parent will maintain processes and procedures designed to promote
and achieve compliance by the Parent, its subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 

10.1.9. Environmental. 

(a) Environmental Disclosure. The Borrower Agent will deliver to the Agent: 

(i) as soon as practicable following receipt thereof, copies of all environmental audits, investigations, analyses and reports
of any kind or character, whether prepared by personnel of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or by independent consultants, governmental authorities or any other Persons, with respect to significant environmental matters at any
Borrowers real property or with respect to any Environmental Claims that, in each case might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(ii) promptly upon the occurrence thereof, written notice describing in reasonable detail (A) any Release required to be
reported by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory agency under any applicable Environmental Laws that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (B) any
remedial action taken by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Person of which the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has knowledge in response to (1) any Hazardous Materials Activity the existence of which
would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (2) any Environmental Claim that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or
(C) discovery by any Borrower of any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of any Facility that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(iii) as soon as practicable following the transmission or receipt thereof by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries,
a copy of any and all written communications with respect to (A) any Environmental Claim that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (B) any Release required to be reported by the
Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal, local or foreign governmental or regulatory agency that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (C) any request
made to the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for information from any governmental agency that suggests such agency is investigating whether the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may be potentially responsible for any
Hazardous Materials Activity that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

173 

(iv) prompt written notice describing in reasonable detail (A) any
proposed acquisition of stock, assets, or property by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to expose the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, or result in, Environmental Claims that would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (B) any proposed action to be taken by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to modify current operations in a manner that would subject
the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any additional obligations or requirements under any Environmental Law that are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(v) with reasonable promptness, such other documents and information as from time to time may be reasonably requested by the
Agent in relation to any matters disclosed pursuant to this Section 10.1.9(a). 

(b) Hazardous Materials Activities, Etc. The
Parent shall promptly take, and shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries promptly to take, any and all actions necessary to (i) cure any violation of applicable Environmental Laws by the Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries, and address
with appropriate corrective or remedial action any Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials at or from any Facility, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) make an appropriate
response to any Environmental Claim against the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder, in each case, where failure to do so would reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

10.1.10. Designation of Subsidiaries. The Borrower Agent may at any time after the
Closing Date designate (or redesignate) any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Event of Default exists
(including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary) and (ii) as of the date of the designation thereof, no
Unrestricted Subsidiary owns any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent or holds any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries (unless the Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary is
permitted to incur such Indebtedness or grant such Lien in favor of such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Sections 10.2.1 and 10.2.2 and the relevant transaction with such Person is permitted pursuant to Section 10.2.9). The designation of
any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Parent (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of
such subsidiary attributable to the Parents (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiarys) equity interest therein as estimated by the Parent in good faith (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is
permitted under Section 10.2.6). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the making, incurrence or granting, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment,
Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable; provided that upon a re-designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Parent shall be deemed to continue to have an Investment in the resulting
Restricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Parents Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation, less (b) the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of
such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Parents equity therein at the time of such re-designation. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Borrower be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary
without the consent of the Required Lenders. 

174 

10.1.11. Use of Proceeds. The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the Loans on and
after the Closing Date to finance the Transactions and the working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Parent and its subsidiaries (including for capital expenditures, acquisitions, working capital and/or purchase price
adjustments, the payment of transaction fees and expenses, Investments, Restricted Payments, Restricted Debt Payments and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether
directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would entail a violation of Regulation U or X. The Borrowers will not directly or, to their knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds (x) in
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, (y) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating
the activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, except to the extent permitted in compliance with applicable Sanctions or (z) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanction applicable to any party
hereto. 

10.1.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security. 

(a) Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary),
(ii) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not otherwise an Obligor (other than a Restricted Subsidiary that otherwise
constitutes an Excluded Subsidiary) ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary or (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary that was an Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary, (x) if the event giving rise to the obligation under this
Section 10.1.12(a) occurs during the first three Fiscal Quarters of any Fiscal Year, on or before the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 10.1.1(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in
which the relevant formation, acquisition, designation or cessation occurred or (y) if the event giving rise to the obligation under this Section 10.1.12(a) occurs during the fourth Fiscal Quarter of any Fiscal Year, on or before
the date that is 60 days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter (or, in the cases of clauses (x) and (y), such longer period as the Agent may reasonably agree), the Parent shall (A) cause such Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded
Subsidiary) to comply with the requirements set forth in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (B) upon the reasonable request of the Agent, cause such Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary)
to deliver to the Agent a signed copy of a customary opinion of counsel for such Restricted Subsidiary, addressed to the Agent and the other relevant Secured Parties. 

(b) Any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor, or that is required to be become an Obligor in accordance with clause (a) above may, at
the request of the Borrower Agent, and subject to the consent of the Agent, (i) become a U.S. Borrower if such Restricted Subsidiary is a U.S. Subsidiary, (ii) become a Canadian Borrower if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Canadian
Subsidiary, and (iii) become a U.K./Dutch Borrower if such
Restricted Subsidiary is a U.K. Subsidiary or a Dutch Subsidiary, and (iv) become a German Borrower if such Restricted Subsidiary is a German
Subsidiary, in each case, subject to: (x) receipt by each Lender of all documentation and other information regarding such Restricted Subsidiary as may be required to comply with the
applicable know your customer rules and regulations under each applicable Requirement of Law; and (y) satisfactory completion by Agent of diligence (including field exams and/or appraisals) deemed necessary by Agent. Agent and
Borrower Agent shall be permitted to make such technical amendments to this Agreement as shall be necessary to reflect the accession of any such additional Borrowers without the consent of any Lender or any other Person. This clause shall supersede
any provisions in Section 14.1 to the contrary. 

(c)
At the request of Agent at any time, Borrowers shall cause the holders of all Capital Stock of the German Borrower to execute and deliver such documents, instruments
and agreements and to take such other actions as Agent shall require to evidence and perfect a Lien in favor of Agent on all such Capital Stock of the
German Borrower, including delivery of legal opinions, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, as it shall deem
appropriate.[Reserved].

175 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, it is
understood and agreed that: 

(i) the Agent may grant extensions of time (including, after the expiration of any relevant
period, which apply retroactively) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of any legal opinion, insurance or other deliverable with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Loan Guaranty by any Restricted
Subsidiary, and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time; 

(ii) any Lien required to be granted or
perfected from time to time pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and/or any action requested in connection therewith shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth in the Security Documents and
any applicable intercreditor agreement; 

(iii) [reserved]; 

(iv) [reserved]; 

(v) [reserved]; 

(vi) in no event will (A) the Collateral include any Excluded Property (other than in respect of any English law governed
floating charge granted by a U.K. Domiciled Obligor under a U.K. Security Agreement) or (B) any Excluded Subsidiary be required to become an Obligor; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parent may, with the consent of the
Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), elect to cause any Restricted Subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary to provide a Loan Guaranty with respect to any or all of the Obligations by causing such Restricted Subsidiary to execute a
Joinder Agreement (and in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary to grant perfected liens on substantially all of its assets (other than Excluded Property (except for in respect of any English law governed floating charge granted by a U.K. Domiciled
Obligor under a U.K. Security Agreement)) to the Agent pursuant to documentation reasonably agreed between the Agent and the Parent), and any such Restricted Subsidiary shall be an Obligor with respect to the applicable Obligations for all purposes
hereunder; it being understood and agreed that Parent may elect to join any Restricted Subsidiary that is not required to be or become an Obligor as an Obligor solely because such Restricted Subsidiary is an Immaterial Subsidiary without
(x) the consent of the Agent or (y) delivery of a customary opinion of counsel; 

(vii) no action shall be
required to perfect any Lien with respect to (A) any vehicle or other asset subject to a certificate of title, and any retention of title, extended retention of title right, or similar right, (B) any Letter-of-Credit Right or (C) the
Capital Stock of any Immaterial Subsidiary, in each case to the extent that a security interest therein cannot be perfected by filing a Form UCC-1 or PPSA (or similar) financing statement; 

(viii) no action shall be required to perfect a Lien in any asset in respect of which the perfection of a security interest
therein would (A) be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions set forth in any contract that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and, other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and
similar financings and restrictions on cash deposits, is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof, (B) violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted

176 

or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and, other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and similar financings and restrictions on cash deposits, is binding on
such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof, in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC, the PPSA or other applicable Requirements of Law or (C) trigger
termination of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and, other than in the case of capital leases, purchase money and similar financings and restrictions on cash deposits,
is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof pursuant to any change of control or similar provision, it being understood that the Collateral shall include any proceeds and/or
receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause to the extent the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed effective under the UCC, the PPSA or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant
prohibition, violation or termination right; 

(ix) no Obligor shall be required to perfect a security interest in any asset
to the extent the perfection of a security interest in such asset would be prohibited under any applicable Requirement of Law; 

(x) any joinder or supplement to any Loan Guaranty, any Security Document and/or any other Loan Document executed by any
Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become an Obligor pursuant to Section 10.1.12(a) above (including any Joinder Agreement) may, with the consent of the Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), include such schedules
(or updates to schedules) as may be necessary to qualify any representation or warranty set forth in any Loan Document to the extent necessary to ensure that such representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by
the terms of any other Loan Document; 

(xi) the Agent shall not require the taking of a Lien on, or require the perfection
of any Lien granted in, any asset as to which the cost of obtaining or perfecting such Lien (including any mortgage, stamp, recording, intangibles or other tax or expenses relating to such Lien) outweighs the benefit to the Lenders of the security
afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Parent and the Agent; and 

(xii) the Agent and the Parent may execute
and/or consent to such easements, covenants, subdivisions, rights of way or similar instruments (and Agent may agree to subordinate the lien of any mortgage to any such easement, covenant, subdivision, right of way or similar instrument or record or
may agree to recognize any tenant pursuant to an agreement in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent), as are reasonable or necessary in connection with any project or transactions otherwise permitted hereunder. 

10.1.13. Post-Closing Covenants. Except as otherwise agreed by the Agent in its reasonable discretion, the Parent shall, and shall cause
each of the other Obligors to, deliver each of the documents, instruments and agreements and take each of the actions set forth on Schedule 10.1.13, if any, within the time periods set forth therein (or such longer time periods as determined
by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

10.1.14. Further Assurances. Promptly upon request of the Agent and subject to the
limitations described in Section 10.1.12: 

(a) The Parent will, and will cause each other Obligor to, execute any and all further
documents, financing statements, agreements, instruments, notices and acknowledgments and take all such further actions (including the filing and recordation of financing statements, fixture filings, Mortgages and/or amendments thereto and other
documents), in each case that may be required under any applicable law and which the Agent may reasonably request to ensure the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Security Documents (but subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 10.1.12 and the Security Documents), all at the expense of the relevant Obligors. 

177 

(b) The Parent will, and will cause each other applicable Obligor to, (i) correct any
material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Security Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record,
re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts (including notices to third parties), deeds, assurances and other instruments, in each case as the Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to ensure the
creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Security Documents (but subject to the limitations set forth in Section 10.1.12 and the Security Documents). 

10.1.15. [Reserved].

10.1.16. [Reserved].

10.1.17. Inspections; Appraisals. 

(a) Permit Agent from time to time, subject (except when a Default or Event of Default exists) to reasonable notice and normal business hours,
to visit and inspect the Properties of any Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary, inspect, audit and make extracts from any Borrowers or Restricted Subsidiarys books and records, and discuss with its officers, employees, agents, advisors and
independent accountants such Borrowers or Restricted Subsidiarys business, financial condition, assets, prospects and results of operations. Lenders may participate in any such visit or inspection, at their own expense. Neither Agent nor
any Lender shall have any duty to any Borrower to make any inspection, nor to share any results of any inspection, appraisal or report with any Borrower. Borrowers acknowledge that all inspections, appraisals and reports are prepared by Agent and
Lenders for their purposes, and Borrowers shall not be entitled to rely upon them. 

(b) Reimburse Agent for all reasonable and documented
charges, costs and expenses of Agent in connection with (i) examinations of any Obligors books and records or any other financial or Collateral matters as Agent deems appropriate, up to one time per calendar year (or up to two times
during such calendar year if Availability on any day during such year is less than, at any time, an amount equal to 15% of the Maximum Facility Amount); (ii) appraisals of Inventory, up to one time per calendar year (or up to two times during
such calendar year if Availability on any day during such year is less than, at any time, an amount equal to 15% of the Maximum Facility Amount); (iii) appraisals of Intellectual Property (other than Excluded Intellectual Property), up to one
time per calendar year (or up to two times during such calendar year if Availability on any day during such year is less than, at any time, an amount equal to 15% of the Maximum Facility Amount); (iv) appraisals of Toptracer Bays, up to one
time per calendar year (or up to two times during such calendar year if Availability on any day during such year is less than, at any time, an amount equal to 15% of the Maximum Facility Amount); and (v) appraisals of the Real Estate located at
2180 Rutherford Road, Carlsbad, CA 92008, up to one time per calendar year; provided, however, that if an examination or appraisal is initiated during a Default or Event of Default, all reasonable and documented charges, costs and
expenses therefor shall be reimbursed by Borrowers without regard to such limits. Borrowers agree to pay Agents then standard charges for examination activities, including the standard charges of Agents internal examination and appraisal
groups, as well as the charges of any third party used for such purposes. 

178 

10.1.18. Landlord and Storage Agreements. Upon request, provide Agent with copies of
all existing agreements, and promptly after execution thereof provide Agent with copies of all future agreements, between an Obligor and any landlord, warehouseman, processor, shipper, bailee or other Person that owns any premises at which any
Collateral may be kept or that otherwise may possess or handle any Collateral. 

10.1.19. Licenses. (a) Keep each License
affecting any Collateral (including the manufacture, distribution or disposition of Inventory) or any other material Property of Borrowers and Restricted Subsidiaries in full force and effect except to the extent that failure to do so could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) pay all Royalties when due except as would not materially adversely affect the value of the Collateral; and (c) notify Agent of any default or breach asserted by any Person to
have occurred under any License which breach would materially adversely affect the value of the Collateral. 

10.1.20. U.K. Pension
Plans. Each U.K. Domiciled Obligor shall ensure that it is not and will not be and none of its U.K. subsidiaries will be at any time: (i) an employer (for the purposes of Sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004 of the United Kingdom) of
an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (as those terms are defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993 of the United Kingdom); or (ii) connected with or an associate of the Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries which is an employer (as those terms are used in Sections 38 or 43 of the Pensions Act 2004 of the United Kingdom) in relation to an occupational pension scheme in the United Kingdom which is not a money purchase scheme.

10.1.21. People with Significant Control Regime. Parent and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall (a) within the relevant
timeframe, comply with any notice it receives pursuant to Part 21A of the Companies Act 2006 from any company incorporated in the United Kingdom whose shares are the subject of a Lien in favor of the Agent, and (b) promptly provide the Agent
with a copy of such notice. 

10.2 Negative Covenants. As long as any Commitments or Obligations are outstanding, each Obligor
shall not, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary not to: 

10.2.1. Indebtedness. The Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except: 

(a)
the Obligations; 

(b) Indebtedness of Parent to any Restricted Subsidiary and/or of any Restricted Subsidiary to Parent or any other
Restricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of (i) any Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor owing to any Obligor, such Indebtedness shall be permitted as an Investment by Section 10.2.6 and/or (ii) any
Indebtedness of any Obligor owing to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor must be expressly subordinated to the Obligations of such Obligor on terms that are reasonably acceptable to the Agent; 

(c) Topgolf Location Indebtedness consisting of: 

(i) mortgage financings, in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of $155,000,000 and 27.5% of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(ii) Specified Capital Lease Obligations; and/or 

179 

(iii) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, operating lease liabilities,
finance lease liabilities and deemed landlord financing liabilities; 

(d) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for
indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, deferred purchase price or similar obligations (including contingent earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition or other Investment permitted
hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Capital Stock, and Indebtedness arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the
performance of the Parent or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement; 

(e) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any
Restricted Subsidiary (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items; 

(f) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Bank Products and incentive, supplier finance or similar
programs; 

(g) (i) guaranties by the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers, landlords and
licensees in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or
progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (iii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar
facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) Contingent Obligations by the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of
Indebtedness or other obligations of the Parent, any Restricted Subsidiary and/or any joint venture with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 10.2.1 or other obligations not prohibited by this
Agreement; provided that in the case of any Contingent Obligation by any Obligor of the obligations of any non-Obligor, the related Investment is permitted under Section 10.2.6; 

(i) (A) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date;
provided that any such Indebtedness or commitment having an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of $10,000,000 on the Closing Date is described on Schedule 10.2.1 and (B) intercompany Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date; 

(j) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Obligors; provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such
Indebtedness shall not exceed the greater of $115,000,000 and 20% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(k) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, service, license or
similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and/or (iii) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in
connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business; 

180 

(m) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Capital
Leases and purchase money Indebtedness (other than Specified Capital Lease Obligations) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of $115,000,000 and 20% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(n) Indebtedness that has been Discharged and/or Escrowed
Indebtedness; 

(o) Indebtedness issued by the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary to any stockholder of Parent or any current or former
director, officer, employee, member of management, manager or consultant of Parent or any subsidiary (or their respective Immediate Family Members) to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock of Parent permitted by Section 10.2.4(a);

(p) Indebtedness refinancing, refunding or replacing any Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c), (i), (j), (m), (q), (r), (t), (u), (v),
(w), (x), (y) and/or (z) of this Section 10.2.1 (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness) and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect
thereof; provided that 

(i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of the
Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus underwriting discounts, other reasonable and customary fees,
commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, refunding or replacement and the related refinancing transaction, (B) an amount equal to
any existing commitment unutilized thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 10.2.1 (provided that (1) any additional amount incurred in reliance on this clause
(C) shall constitute a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Indebtedness satisfies the
applicable requirements of Section 10.2.2), 

(ii) other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness
(x) with respect to clauses (c), (i), (j), (m), (r), (u), (v) and/or (y) or (y) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Maturity Limitation Excluded Amount,
(A) such Indebtedness has a final maturity on or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) the final maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or
replaced and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced; provided
that this clause (ii) shall not apply to Customary Bridge Loans, 

(iii) the terms of any Refinancing
Indebtedness (other than Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clauses (c), (i), (j), (m), (r), (u), (v) and/or (y)) with an original principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount
(excluding, to the extent applicable, pricing (including any MFN provision), fees, premiums, rate floors, optional prepayment, redemption terms or subordination terms and, with respect to Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of
Indebtedness permitted under clause (t) below, security), are not, taken as a whole (as determined by the Borrower Agent in good faith), materially more favorable to the lenders providing such

181 

Indebtedness than those applicable to the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (other than (A) any covenant or other provision applicable only to periods after the applicable
maturity date of the debt then-being refinanced as of such date, (B) any covenant or provision which is, in the good faith determination of the Borrower Agent, a then-current market term for the applicable type of Indebtedness, (C) solely
in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness that is unsecured, any terms that reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) for issuances of high yield securities at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower
Agent in good faith) or (D) any covenant or other provision applicable under the documentation governing any Topgolf Location Indebtedness), 

(iv) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c), (j),
(m), (q) (solely as it relates to Indebtedness incurred in reliance on the Fixed Incremental Amount as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date hereof), (r), (u),
(v) and (z) (solely as it relates to Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred in reliance on clause (a) of the definition of Incremental Cap in the Term Loan Facility Agreement) of this
Section 10.2.1, the incurrence thereof shall be without duplication of any amount outstanding in reliance on the relevant clause, 

(v) except in the case of Replacement Debt, (A) such Indebtedness, if secured, is secured only by Permitted Liens at the
time of such refinancing, refunding or replacement (it being understood that secured Indebtedness may be refinanced with unsecured Indebtedness), and if the Liens securing such Indebtedness were originally contractually subordinated to the Liens on
the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Liens securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations on terms not materially less favorable (as determined by the Borrower Agent in good faith), taken
as a whole, to the Lenders than those (x) applicable to the Liens securing the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, taken as a whole, or (y) set forth in any applicable agreement, (B) such Indebtedness is incurred by
the obligor or obligors in respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 10.2.1 (it being understood that any entity that was a guarantor in respect of
the relevant refinanced Indebtedness may be the primary obligor in respect of the refinancing Indebtedness, and any entity that was the primary obligor in respect of the relevant refinanced Indebtedness may be a guarantor in respect of the
refinancing Indebtedness and any Obligor may guaranty the obligations of any other Obligor), and (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced was expressly contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment,
(x) such Indebtedness is contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, or (y) if not contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, the purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment,
refinancing or other acquisition or retirement of such Indebtedness is permitted under Section 10.2.4(b) (other than Section 10.2.4(b)(i)), and 

(vi) in the case of Replacement Debt, (A) such Indebtedness is pari passu or junior in right of payment and, if
secured, is secured on a senior, pari passu or junior basis on the Term Loan Collateral and/or a junior basis on the ABL Collateral; provided that any such Indebtedness that is secured shall be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, (B) if the
Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is secured, it is not secured by any asset of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the Collateral (as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement), and (C) if the
Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced is guaranteed, it shall not be guaranteed by any Restricted Subsidiary other than one or more Obligors; 

182 

(q) additional Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that is permitted
under Section 6.01(q) of the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date hereof (or, in the case of a refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facility Agreement, under and in accordance with comparable successor provisions of the
documentation governing the replacement indebtedness so long as such provisions do not permit a greater amount of Indebtedness to be incurred and such provisions are otherwise not disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect as compared to
the predecessor provisions included in the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date hereof (as reasonably determined by Parent in good faith in consultation with Agent)); provided, that (i) to the extent any such Indebtedness that
is incurred (but not assumed) is secured by a Lien on the ABL Collateral, such Liens on the ABL Collateral shall be junior to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to
Agent and (ii) such Indebtedness may be secured by Liens on the Term Loan Collateral that are senior to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to Agent; 

(r) Indebtedness pursuant to equipment financing and/or leases entered into by one or more of the Obligors, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed the greater of $55,000,000 and 10% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding; 

(s) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction not entered into for speculative purposes;

(t) (i) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Term Loan Facility Agreement and the related credit documents in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed $1,250,000,000, plus (ii) Indebtedness in respect of any Incremental Loans (as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement) made in accordance with the terms of the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date
hereof in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap (as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date hereof) (or, in the case of a refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension of the Term Loan
Facility Agreement, under and in accordance with comparable successor provisions of the documentation governing the replacement indebtedness so long as such provisions do not permit a greater amount of Indebtedness to be incurred (except as
increased by an amount equal to accrued interest and fees, a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred) and such provisions are otherwise not disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect
as compared to the predecessor provisions included in the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date hereof (as reasonably determined by Parent in good faith in consultation with Agent)); 

(u) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of
$185,000,000 and 33% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) Indebtedness consisting of intercompany current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the cash
management, tax and accounting operations of the Parent and its subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $20,000,000 in any fiscal year of the Parent when combined with any Investments made pursuant to Section 10.2.6(p) during
such fiscal year; 

(w) additional Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that is permitted under Section 6.01(w)
of the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date hereof (or, in the case of a refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facility Agreement, under and in accordance with comparable successor provisions of the documentation governing the
replacement indebtedness so long as such provisions do not permit a greater amount of Indebtedness to be incurred and such provisions are otherwise not disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect as compared to the predecessor provisions
included in the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in effect on the date hereof (as reasonably 

183 

determined by Parent in good faith in consultation with Agent)); provided that (i) to the extent any such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the ABL Collateral, such Liens on the ABL
Collateral shall be junior to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to Agent and (ii) such Indebtedness may be secured by Liens on the Term Loan Collateral that are
senior to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to Agent; 

(x) Indebtedness in respect of the Convertible Notes of the Parent in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed in the aggregate $275,000,000
and guarantees thereof by the Obligors; 

(y) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with any
Sale and Lease-Back Transaction permitted pursuant to Section 10.2.8 (other than any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction consummated in reliance on Section 10.2.8(b)(iii)); 

(z) Incremental Equivalent Debt in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap (as defined in the Term Loan Facility Agreement as in
effect on the date hereof) (or, in the case of a refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facility Agreement, under and in accordance with comparable successor provisions of the documentation governing the replacement indebtedness so long as such
provisions do not permit a greater amount of Indebtedness to be incurred and such provisions are otherwise not disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect as compared to the predecessor provisions included in the Term Loan Facility
Agreement as in effect on the date hereof (as reasonably determined by Parent in good faith in consultation with Agent)); provided that (i) to the extent any such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the ABL Collateral, such Liens on the ABL
Collateral shall be junior to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to Agent and (ii) such Indebtedness may be secured by Liens on the Term Loan Collateral that are
senior to the Liens of Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or another intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable to Agent; 

(aa) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances, surety bonds, performance
bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment, property, casualty or liability insurance (including premiums related
thereto) or self-insurance, other reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay or health, disability or other employee benefits; 

(bb) Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (i) deferred compensation to directors, officers, employees,
members of management, managers, and consultants of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or any
other Investment permitted hereby; 

(cc) [reserved]; 

(dd) Indebtedness of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any letter of credit, bank guarantee or similar instrument permitted
by this Section 10.2.1; 

(ee) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the
Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default under Section 11.1(i); 

184 

(ff) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest
(including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; and 

(gg) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the
ordinary course of business. 

10.2.2. Liens. The Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to,
create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property of any kind owned by it, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except: 

(a) Liens securing the Obligations created pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(b) Liens for Taxes which (i) are not then due, (ii) if due, are not at such time required to be paid pursuant to
Section 10.1.3 or (iii) are being contested in accordance with Section 10.1.3; 

(c) statutory Liens (and
rights of set-off) of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by applicable Requirements of Law (and in case of supply agreements governed by German law, also contractually agreed
(but not resulting from a breach of obligation or default under any provisions of such contract)), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than 30 days, (ii) for amounts that are
overdue by more than 30 days and that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to
which the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(d) Liens incurred (i) in the
ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security laws and regulations, (ii) in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory
obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds, completion guarantees and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of
Borrowed Money), (iii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of Cash or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business securing (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property,
casualty, liability or other insurance to the Parent and its subsidiaries or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety
bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above; 

(e) Liens consisting of survey exceptions, easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, covenants, conditions, declarations, encroachments, zoning
restrictions and other defects or irregularities in title or environmental deed restrictions, in each case, which do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Parent and/or its Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of any owner, lessor or sub-lessor under any lease
of real estate permitted hereunder, (ii) landlord lien permitted by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such owner, lessor or sub-lessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of
the interest of the owner, lessee or sub-lessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii); 

185 

(g) Liens (i) solely on any Cash earnest money or certain funds deposits
(including as part of any escrow arrangement) made by the Parent and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent, offer, or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment permitted hereunder and
(ii) consisting of (A) an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 10.2.7 and/or (B) the pledge of Cash as part of an escrow arrangement required in any Disposition permitted
under Section 10.2.7; 

(h) (i) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC or PPSA financing statements or similar
financing statements under applicable Requirements of Law relating solely to operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) Liens arising from precautionary UCC or PPSA financing
statements or similar filings; 

(i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of
customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 

(j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building, environmental or similar
Requirement of Law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of, or any dimensions of real property or the structure thereon, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain
proceeding or compulsory purchase order; 

(k) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 10.2.1(p) (solely with
respect to the permitted refinancing of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 10.2.1(c), (i), (j), (m), (q), (r), (t), (u), (v), (w), (y) and (z));
provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any asset not covered by the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is being refinanced (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Sections 10.2.1(c),
(m) and/or (r) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates), after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by
such Lien and proceeds and products thereof, replacements thereof, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon and (ii) if the Lien securing the Indebtedness being refinanced was subject to intercreditor arrangements, then
(A) the Lien securing any refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof shall be subject to intercreditor arrangements that are not materially less favorable to the Secured Parties, taken as a whole, than the intercreditor arrangements governing
the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is refinanced or (B) the intercreditor arrangements governing the Lien securing the relevant refinancing Indebtedness shall be set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement; 

(l) Liens existing on the Closing Date (provided that any such Lien securing Indebtedness or other obligations having an aggregate
outstanding principal amount in excess of $10,000,000 on the Closing Date are described on Schedule 10.2.2) and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) no such Lien extends to
any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 10.2.1 and (B) proceeds and products
thereof, replacements thereof, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Sections 10.2.1(c), (m) and/or (r) provided by
any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates) and (ii) any such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such
Liens, if constituting Indebtedness, is permitted by Section 10.2.1; 

(m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions
permitted under Section 10.2.8; 

186 

(n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 10.2.1(m);
provided that any such Lien shall encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that
individual financings of the types permitted under Sections 10.2.1(c), (m) and/or (r) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates); 

(o) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 10.2.1(t); provided that (x) with respect to Term Loan
Collateral only, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, such Liens may be senior to the Liens in favor of the Agent (and if such Liens are senior to the Liens in favor of the Agent with respect to Term Loan Collateral, then such Liens must be
junior to the Liens in favor of the Agent with respect to Collateral not constituting Term Loan Collateral) and (y) such Indebtedness shall be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or another customary intercreditor agreement reasonably
acceptable to the Agent; 

(p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or netting relating to (A) the establishment of
depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in
the ordinary course of business of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and
(D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit
Accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of law or under customary
general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions general
terms and conditions and/or (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness
pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction (including, without limitation, any Lien arising by entering into standard banking arrangements (AGB-Banken oder AGB-Sparkassen) in Germany); 

(q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Obligors (including Capital Stock owned by such Persons) securing
Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Obligors permitted pursuant to Section 10.2.1; 

(r) Liens securing
obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Parent and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(s) Liens disclosed in any mortgage policy delivered pursuant to Section 5.12 of the Term Loan Facility Agreement (or, in the case
of a refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facility Agreement, under and in accordance with comparable successor provisions of the documentation governing the replacement Indebtedness) with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset (as defined
in the Term Loan Facility Agreement) (or, in the case of a refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facility Agreement, under and in accordance with comparable successor provisions of the documentation governing the

187 

replacement Indebtedness) and any replacement, extension or renewal of any such Lien; provided that (i) no such replacement, extension or renewal Lien shall cover any property other
than the property that was subject to such Lien prior to such replacement, extension or renewal (and additions thereto, improvements thereon and the proceeds thereof) and (ii) such Liens do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the
ordinary conduct of the business of the Parent and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the use of the affected property for its intended purpose; 

(t) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on, and subject to the provisions set forth in, Section 10.2.1(q),
(w) and/or (z); 

(u) Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any time
outstanding not to exceed the greater of $185,000,000 and 33% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided, that any Lien on ABL Collateral that is
granted in reliance on this clause (u) (other than, in the case of any Lien securing any Topgolf Location Indebtedness and/or Indebtedness of the type described in Section 10.2.1(m)) shall be junior to the Liens of Agent on the ABL
Collateral pursuant to an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to Agent; 

(v) (i) Liens on assets securing judgments,
awards, attachments and/or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation being contested in good faith not constituting an Event of Default under Section 11.1(h) and (ii) any pledge and/or deposit
securing any settlement of litigation; 

(w) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business
which do not secure any Indebtedness; 

(x) Liens on Securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments
permitted under Section 10.2.6 arising out of such repurchase transaction; 

(y) Liens securing obligations in respect of
letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 10.2.1(d), (e), (g), (aa) and (dd); 

(z) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any asset in the
ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or similar Requirement of Law under any jurisdiction); 

(aa) Liens (i) in favor of any Obligor and/or (ii) granted by any non-Obligor in favor of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an
Obligor, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), securing intercompany Indebtedness permitted (or not restricted) under Section 10.2.1; 

(bb) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 

(cc) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Persons obligations in respect of
documentary letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods; 

(dd) Liens securing (i) obligations of the type described in Section 10.2.1(f) and/or (ii) obligations of the type
described in Section 10.2.1(s); 

188 

(ee) (i) Liens on Capital Stock of joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing
capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons and (ii) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; 

(ff) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, Discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; 

(gg) Liens arising under any Specified Facility Lease; 

(hh) Liens securing obligations of the type described in Section 10.2.1(c) to the extent such Liens are limited to the Topgolf
location (and the assets related to such Topgolf location, including, if applicable, any Core Property) related to such Topgolf Location Indebtedness or such other obligations; 

(ii) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 10.2.1(r); provided that such Liens do not at any time encumber any
property other than the property financed or leased by such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the types permitted
under Sections 10.2.1(c), (m) and/or (r) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates); 

(jj) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof or existing on any property or asset of any Person that
becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person
becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by
such Lien and proceeds and products thereof, replacements thereof, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date
such Person becomes Restricted Subsidiary; 

(kk)
[reserved];

(ll) [reserved]; and

(kk) with respect to German Domiciled Obligors, any Liens
created in respect of section 8a of the German Old Age Employees Part Time Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) or section 7e of the Fourth Book of the German Social Code (Sozialgesetzbuch IV); 

(ll) with
respect to German Domiciled Obligors, any Lien arising by operation of law for the benefit of a landlord of any Obligor or Subsidiary of any Obligor in respect of any properties rented by it (Vermieterpfandrecht); and

(mm) any Lien arising under the general terms and conditions (Allgemeine
Geschftsbedingungen der Banken und Sparkassen) in relation to bank accounts held in Germany. 

189 

10.2.3. [Reserved]. 

10.2.4. Restricted Payments; Restricted Debt Payment. 

(a) The Parent shall not pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that: 

(i) [reserved]; 

(ii) the Parent may repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value its Capital Stock or the Capital Stock
of the Parent held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, consultant or independent contractor (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of the Parent or any subsidiary: 

(A) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, with Cash and Cash Equivalents (and including, to the
extent constituting a Restricted Payment, amounts paid in respect of promissory notes issued to evidence any obligation to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Capital Stock of the Parent held by any future,
present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, consultant or independent contractor (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of the Parent) in an amount not to exceed in any Fiscal Year the greater of
$30,000,000 and 5% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, which, if not used in such Fiscal Year, shall be carried forward to the immediately
succeeding Fiscal Year (any amount so carried forward shall be deemed to be used last in such succeeding Fiscal Year); 

(B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of, or any capital contribution in respect of, the Capital Stock of the Parent;
or 

(C) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policy; 

(iii) [reserved]; 

(iv) the Parent may make Restricted Payments (i) to make Cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in
connection with any dividend, split or combination thereof in connection with any Investment permitted hereunder or the exercise or vesting of warrants, options, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of the Parent or otherwise to honor a conversion requested by a holder thereof or (ii) consisting of (A) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any
future, present or former officers, directors, employees, members of management, managers, consultants or independent contractors of the Parent, any subsidiary of the Parent or any of their respective Immediate Family Members or Affiliates,
(B) payments or other adjustments to outstanding Capital Stock in accordance with any management equity plan, stock option plan or any other similar employee benefit or incentive plan, agreement or arrangement in connection with any Restricted
Payment and/or (C) repurchases of Capital Stock in consideration of the payments described in clauses (A) and/or (B) above, including demand repurchases, in the case of each of clauses (A), (B) and (C), in connection with the
granting, exercise or vesting of stock options, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests; 

190 

(v) the Parent may repurchase or withhold Capital Stock upon the granting,
exercise, vesting or settlement of warrants, options, restricted stock units, performance stock units or similar incentive interests, or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock if such Capital Stock represents all or a
portion of the exercise price of, or tax withholdings with respect to, such warrants, options, restricted stock units, performance stock units or similar incentive interests, or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock;

(vi) [reserved]; 

(vii) so long as no Event of Default exists, the Parent may make Restricted Payments in an annual amount not to exceed
$50,000,0000; 

(viii) the Parent may make Restricted Payments to (i) redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire
any Capital Stock (Treasury Capital Stock) of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) of,
Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (Refunding Capital Stock) and
(ii) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock; 

(ix) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the Parent may consummate any transaction permitted by
Section 10.2.6 (other than Sections 10.2.6(j) and (t)), Section 10.2.7 (other than Section 10.2.7(g)) and Section 10.2.9 (other than Sections 10.2.9(d) and (j)); 

(x) the Parent may make additional Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of
(x) $115,000,000 and (y) 20% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period less any amounts previously utilized under the General Restricted Debt
Payment Basket (the General RP Basket) so long as no Event of Default under Sections 11.1(a), (f) or (g) shall be continuing after giving effect to such Restricted Payment; 

(xi) the Parent may pay any dividend or consummate any redemption within 60 days after the date of the declaration thereof or
the provision of a redemption notice with respect thereto, as the case may be, if at the date of such declaration or notice, the dividend or redemption notice would have complied with the provisions hereof; 

(xii) the Parent may make Restricted Payments constituting any part of a Permitted Reorganization; 

(xiii) the Parent may make additional Restricted Payments; provided that (i) no Event of Default exists and
(ii) either: (A) (1) on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, Net Excess Availability has been greater than an amount equal to the Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount at all times during the
thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the making of such Restricted Payment, (2) Net Excess Availability is greater than an amount equal to the Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such
Restricted Payment, and (3) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment (calculated on a trailing twelve month basis recomputed for the most recent month for which financial statements
have been delivered) is not less than 1.0 to 1.0; or (B) (1) average daily Net Excess Availability, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, has been greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility
Amount for the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the making of such Restricted Payment and (2) Net Excess Availability is greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such Restricted
Payment; and 

191 

(xiv) the Parent may make Restricted Payments consisting of the
distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of shares of Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to, the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary by, any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

(b) the Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any prepayment, redemption or repurchase in Cash in respect of
principal of or interest on any Junior Indebtedness (such Indebtedness, the Restricted Debt), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or
termination of any Restricted Debt, in each case, more than 180 days prior to the scheduled maturity date thereof (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments), except: 

(i) any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment or other acquisition or retirement of any Restricted Debt made
by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 10.2.1; 

(ii) as part of a
customary catch-up payment to the extent necessary to avoid any Restricted Debt from constituting an applicable high yield discount obligation; 

(iii) payments of regularly scheduled principal or regularly scheduled interest (including any penalty interest, if applicable)
and payments of fees, expenses and indemnification obligations as and when due (other than payments with respect to Junior Indebtedness that are prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof); 

(iv) Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $115,000,000 and (y) 20% of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period less any amounts previously utilized under the General RP Basket (the General Restricted Debt Payment
Basket); 

(v) (A) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified
Capital Stock of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Qualified Capital Stock issued or sold to the Parent and/or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent or an employee stock ownership plan or to a trust established by the Parent or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for the benefit of their employees) and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the
conversion of all or any portion of any Restricted Debt into Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary and (C) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any
Restricted Debt that is permitted under Section 10.2.1; 

(vi) [reserved]; and 

(vii) additional Restricted Debt Payments; provided that (i) no Event of Default exists and (ii) either:
(A) (1) on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment, Net Excess Availability has been greater than an amount equal to the Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount at all times during the thirty
(30) day period immediately prior to the making of such Restricted Debt Payment, (2) Net Excess Availability is 

192 

greater than an amount equal to the Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment, and (3) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a Pro
Forma Basis after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment (calculated on a trailing twelve month basis recomputed for the most recent month for which financial statements have been delivered) is not less than 1.0 to 1.0; or
(B) (1) average daily Net Excess Availability, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment, has been greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount for the thirty (30) day period
immediately prior to the making of such Restricted Debt Payment and (2) Net Excess Availability is greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment. 

10.2.5. Burdensome Agreements. Except as provided herein or in any other Loan Document, any Term Loan Document, any document with
respect to any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined herein) and/or in any agreement with respect to any refinancing, renewal or replacement of such Indebtedness that is permitted by Section 10.2.1, the Parent shall not, nor shall
it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or cause to exist any agreement restricting the ability of (x) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent that is not an Obligor to pay dividends or other distributions to the Parent or
any Obligor, (y) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor to make cash loans or advances to the Parent or any Obligor or (z) any Obligor to create, permit or grant a Lien on any of its properties or assets to secure the
Obligations, except: 

(a) set forth in any agreement governing (i) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor
permitted by Section 10.2.1, (ii) Indebtedness permitted by Section 10.2.1 that is secured by a Permitted Lien if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or
the assets intended to secure such Indebtedness and (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses (c), (j), (m), (p) (as it relates to Indebtedness in respect of clauses (a), (c), (i)(A), (m), (q), (r), (u), (w), (x) and/or
(y) of Section 10.2.1), (q), (r), (t), (u), (w) and/or (y) of Section 10.2.1; 

(b) arising under customary
provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of
business; 

(c) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or
right with respect to any assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; 

(d) that are assumed in connection with
any acquisition of property or the Capital Stock of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons) and/or property so
acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; 

(e) (i) set forth in any agreement for any
Disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such
Disposition and/or (ii) provisions limiting the Disposition or distribution of assets or property in sale-leaseback agreements, sale agreements and similar agreements, which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of
such agreements (or the Persons the Capital Stock of which is the subject of such agreement); 

193 

(f) set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of
dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; 

(g)
imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements, including provisions limiting the Disposition or distribution of assets
or property in joint venture agreements that are applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such agreements (or the Capital Stock of which is the subject of such agreement); 

(h) on Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course
of business or for whose benefit such Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist; 

(i) set forth in documents which
exist on the Closing Date and were not created specifically in contemplation thereof; 

(j) arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument
relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, taken as a whole (as
determined in good faith by the Borrower Agent); 

(k) arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any
license, authorization, concession or permit; 

(l) arising in any Hedging Agreement and/or any agreement relating to any Bank Product Debt
(and/or any other obligation of the type described in Section 10.2.1(f)); 

(m) arising in any Specified Facility Lease and/or any
other document or agreement relating to any Topgolf Location Indebtedness and/or any obligation not constituting Indebtedness relating to the financing of Topgolf locations; 

(n) customary subordination and/or subrogation provisions set forth in documentation related to obligations of the type permitted by Sections
10.2.1(e), (g), (h), (k), (aa) and/or (dd) (not relating to Indebtedness for Borrowed Money) or other obligations not constituting Indebtedness, in each case that are entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(o) set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to Dispose
of or encumber the assets subject thereto; and/or 

(p) imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement,
refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement
or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower Agent, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement,
refunding, replacement or refinancing. 

194 

10.2.6. Investments. The Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, make or own any Investment in any other Person except: 

(a) Cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents at the time
made; 

(b) 

(i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in any subsidiary and/or any Existing Joint Venture, 

(ii) Investments by: (A) a U.S. Domiciled Obligor in another U.S. Domiciled Obligor; and (B) any Canadian Domiciled
Obligor, German Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor in a U.S. Domiciled Obligor,
Canadian Domiciled Obligor or U.K./Dutch Domiciled Obligor; 

(iii) Investments made after the Closing Date
(A) by any Obligor in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor or (B) by any Obligor in any other Obligor that is not permitted by clause (ii) above, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of $225,000,000
and 40% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, 

(iv) Investments made by any Obligor and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor in the form of any contribution or
Disposition of the Capital Stock of any Person that is not an Obligor, and 

(v) Investments made by any Restricted
Subsidiary that is not an Obligor in any Obligor and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor; 

(c) Investments
(i) constituting deposits, prepayments and/or other credits to distributors, suppliers, licensors and landlords, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and/or (iii) in the form of
advances made to distributors, suppliers, landlords, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or, in the case of clause (iii), to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies and services to the
Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(d) [reserved]; 

(e) (i) Permitted Acquisitions and (ii) any Investment in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor in an amount required to
permit such Restricted Subsidiary to consummate a Permitted Acquisition, or make an Investment in any other Restricted Subsidiary to consummate, a Permitted Acquisition; 

(f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date and, to the extent the amount of
any such Investment exceeds $10,000,000 on the Closing Date, described on Schedule 10.2.6 and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, renewal
or extension increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 10.2.6; 

(g) Investments received in lieu of Cash in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 10.2.7 or any other disposition of assets
not constituting a Disposition; 

195 

(h) loans or advances to present or former employees, directors, members of management,
officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Parent, its subsidiaries and/or any joint venture to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in connection with such
Persons purchase of Capital Stock of the Parent, either (i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any one time outstanding or (ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially
contemporaneously contributed to the Parent for the purchase of such Capital Stock; 

(i) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in
the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business; 

(j)
Investments consisting of (or resulting from) Indebtedness permitted under Section 10.2.1 (other than Indebtedness permitted under Sections 10.2.1(b) and (h)), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 10.2.4 (other than
Section 10.2.4(a)(ix)), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 10.2.4 and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by Section 10.2.7 (other than
Section 10.2.7(a) (if made in reliance on subclause (ii)(B) of the proviso thereto), Section 10.2.7(b) (if made in reliance on clause (ii) therein), Section 10.2.7(c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and
Section 10.2.7(g)); 

(k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and
customary trade arrangements with customers; 

(l) Investments (including debt obligations and Capital Stock) received (i) in
connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) upon
foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and/or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes; 

(m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers,
managers, consultants or independent directors of the Parent and/or any subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Investments to
the extent that payment therefor is made with Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control; provided that the portion of any such consideration not consisting of
Qualified Capital Stock of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary is permitted under another provision of this Section 10.2.6; 

(o)
(i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person acquired by, or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part
of an Investment otherwise permitted by this Section 10.2.6 to the extent that such acquired Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on
the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this Section 10.2.6(o) so long as no such
modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the original amount of such Investment except as otherwise permitted by this Section 10.2.6; 

196 

(p) Investments consisting of intercompany current liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business in connection with the cash management, tax and accounting operations of the Parent and its subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $20,000,000 in any fiscal year of the Parent when combined with any Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to Section 10.2.1(v) during such fiscal year; 

(q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Parent and/or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed: 

(i) (A) the greater of
$365,000,000 and 65% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, plus (B) at the election of the Borrower Agent, the amount of Restricted Payments then
permitted to be made by the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 10.2.4(a)(x) (it being understood that any amount utilized under this clause (B) to make an Investment shall result in a reduction in availability under
Section 10.2.4(a)(x)), plus (C) at the election of the Borrower Agent, the amount of Restricted Debt Payments then permitted to be made by the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 10.2.4(b)(iv) (it being
understood that any amount utilized under this clause (C) to make an Investment shall result in a reduction in availability under Section 10.2.4(b)(iv)), plus 

(ii) in the event that (A) the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes any Investment after the Closing Date in
any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to 100.0% of the fair market value of such Investment as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted
Subsidiary; 

(r) [reserved]; 

(s) (i) Guarantees of leases (other than Capital Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness and (ii) Guarantees of
the lease obligations of suppliers, landlords, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Parent and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; 

(t) Investments pursuant to any facility development agreements among the Parent and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries and a Person that
is a real estate investment trust and/or any other third party financing provider relating to the development of one or more TopGolf locations and completion guarantees; 

(u) Investments made in a Similar Business, including joint ventures and Unrestricted Subsidiaries, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to
exceed the greater of $170,000,000 and 30% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) Investments in subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Reorganization; 

(w) Investments under any Derivative Transaction of the type permitted under Section 10.2.1(s); 

(x) Investments received by the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction otherwise permitted under this Agreement
in exchange for which the recipient of the relevant Investment does not pay any consideration; 

197 

(y) Investments made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, customary
buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(z) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that they are permitted to remain unfunded
under applicable law; 

(aa) Investments in the Parent, any Restricted Subsidiary and/or joint venture in connection with intercompany cash
management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business; 

(bb) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments (other than an Acquisition) made after the Closing Date; provided, however, that either: (i) (A) on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Investment, Net Excess
Availability has been greater than an amount equal to the Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount at all times during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the consummation of such Investment, (B) Net Excess
Availability is greater than an amount equal to the Threshold Percentage of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such Investment, and (C) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Investment
(calculated on a trailing twelve month basis recomputed for the most recent month for which financial statements have been delivered) is not less than 1.0 to 1.0; or (ii) (A) average daily Net Excess Availability, on a Pro Forma Basis
after giving effect to such Investment, has been greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount for the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the consummation of such Investment and (B) Net Excess Availability
is greater than an amount equal to 17.5% of the Maximum Facility Amount after giving effect to such Investment; 

(cc) any Investment made
by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a
Restricted Subsidiary; and

(dd) Investments consisting of the non-exclusive licensing, sublicensing or contribution of Intellectual Property, including pursuant to joint
marketing and/or joint development arrangements with other Persons in the ordinary course of business; and.

(ee) Investments among German Domiciled Obligors so long as
all German Domiciled Obligors (other than Callaway Germany Holdco GmbH) making and/or receiving Investments are each subject to a profit and loss pooling agreement, domination agreement or a combination thereof.

10.2.7. Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets. The Parent shall not, nor shall it
permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or make any Disposition, in a single
transaction or in a series of related transactions, except: 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with
or into the Parent or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that (i) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into a Borrower, (A) a Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person (and in the
case of a U.S. Borrower, a U.S. Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person), or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not a Borrower (any such Person, the Successor
Borrower), (x) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the law of the same country where the Borrower being succeeded was 

198 

organized, (y) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the applicable Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and (z) except as the Agent may
otherwise agree, each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan
Documents; it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses (x) through (z) are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the applicable Borrower under this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents, and (ii) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into any Obligor that is not a Borrower, either (A) the Obligor shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the continuing or surviving
Person (or, in the case of an amalgamation, the Person formed as a result thereof) shall expressly assume the obligations of such Obligor in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent or (B) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an
Investment and shall comply with Section 10.2.6; 

(b) Dispositions (including of Capital Stock) among the Parent and/or any Restricted
Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); provided that any such Disposition made by: (x) any Obligor to any Person that is not an Obligor, or (y) any U.S. Domiciled Obligor to any Canadian Domiciled Obligor, or
U.K./DuchDutch Domiciled Obligor or German Domiciled Obligor, in
each case, outside the ordinary course of business for working capital, administrative and/or other similar purposes shall be (i) for fair market value (as determined by the Borrower Agent in good faith) with at least 75% of the consideration
for such Disposition consisting of Cash or Cash Equivalents (including deferred consideration payable in Cash or Cash Equivalents) at the time of such Disposition or (ii) treated as an Investment and otherwise made in compliance with
Section 10.2.6 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof); 

(c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any
Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower Agent determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrowers, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders (taken as a whole) and the Parent or any Restricted
Subsidiary receives the assets (if any) of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of any liquidation or dissolution of any Obligor that results in a distribution or other transfer of assets to any
Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Obligor, such distribution shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 10.2.6 (other than Section 10.2.6(j)); (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or
consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition otherwise permitted under this Section 10.2.7 (other than clause (a), clause (b) or this clause (c)) or (B) any Investment permitted under Section 10.2.6;
and (iii) the conversion of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary into another form of entity, so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or Collateral, if any; 

(d) (i) Dispositions of inventory or equipment or immaterial (in the good faith determination of the Borrower Agent) assets in the
ordinary course of business (including on an intercompany basis) and (ii) the leasing or subleasing of real property in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, used or worn out property or other property that, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower Agent, is
(i) no longer useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Parent) or (ii) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain; 

(f) Dispositions of Cash and/or Cash Equivalents and/or other assets that were Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made;

(g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute (i) Investments permitted pursuant to
Section 10.2.6 (other than Section 10.2.6(j)), (ii) Permitted Liens, (iii) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 10.2.4(a) (other than Section 10.2.4(a)(ix)) and (iv) Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted
by Section 10.2.8; 

199 

(h) Dispositions for fair market value; provided that with respect to any such Disposition
with a purchase price in excess of the greater of $55,000,000 and 10% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, at least 75% of the consideration for such
Disposition shall consist of Cash or Cash Equivalents (including deferred consideration payable in Cash or Cash Equivalents) (provided that for purposes of the 75% Cash consideration requirement, (i) the amount of any Indebtedness or other
liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Persons most recent
balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto)) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Parent and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant
creditors in writing, (ii) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (iii) any Security received by the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary from
such transferee that is converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (iv) any Designated Non-Cash
Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (iv) and Section 10.2.8(b)(i)(z) that is at that
time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of $115,000,000 and 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, shall be deemed to be
Cash); provided, further, that immediately prior to and after giving effect to such Disposition, as determined on the date on which the agreement governing such Disposition is executed, no Event of Default exists; 

(i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar or replacement property or
(ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such similar or replacement property; 

(j)
Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangements between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and/or similar binding arrangements;

(k) Dispositions, discounting or forgiveness of notes receivable or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including to
insurers which have provided insurance as to the collection thereof) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof (includes sales to factors); 

(l) Dispositions and/or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source
license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the business of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) which relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product line; 

(m) (i) any termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any replacement of the Master Facility Lease with one
or more leases between the Parent and/or its applicable subsidiary, on the one hand, and 30 West Pershing LLC or its applicable Affiliate, on the other hand, (iii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property
and (iv) any Disposition, termination, surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any
similar proceeding); 

200 

(o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including
leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed; 

(p)
Dispositions constituting any part of any Permitted Reorganization; 

(q) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in connection with any
acquisition permitted hereunder and sales of Real Estate acquired in any acquisition permitted hereunder which, within 90 days of the date of such acquisition, are designated in writing to the Agent as being held for sale and not for the continued
operation of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses; provided that no Event of Default exists on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed; 

(r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions qualifying for tax free treatment under Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable
provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (in the good faith determination of the Borrower Agent) for like assets; provided that upon the consummation of any such exchange or swap
by any Obligor, to the extent the assets received do not constitute Excluded Property, the Agent has a perfected Lien with the same priority as the Lien held on the assets so exchanged or swapped; 

(s) [reserved]; 

(t)
(i) non-exclusive licensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property or Intellectual Property of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Dispositions,
abandonments, cancellations or lapses of Intellectual Property, or issuances or registrations, or applications for issuances or registrations, of Intellectual Property, which, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Borrower Agent, are not
material to the conduct of the business as presently conducted of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as whole; 

(u)
terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions; 

(v) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other Securities of,
Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 

(w) Dispositions of Real Estate and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with
relocation activities for directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Parent and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any Governmental Authority or any applicable Requirement of Law; 

(y) any merger, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic
Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and/or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction; 

(z) any sale
of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter; and 

(aa)
Dispositions involving assets having a fair market value (as determined by the Borrower Agent in good faith at the time of the relevant Disposition) of not more than the greater of $55,000,000 and 10% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent
and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period in any Fiscal Year, which, if not used in such Fiscal Year, shall be carried forward to the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year (any amount so carried forward
shall be deemed to be used last in such succeeding Fiscal Year). 

201 

To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this
Section 10.2.7 to any Person other than an Obligor, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition; it being
understood and agreed that the Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take, any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing in accordance with Section 12 hereof. 

10.2.8. Sale and Lease-Back Transactions. The Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to become or
remain liable as lessee or as a guarantor or other surety with respect to any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, which the Parent or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (I) has sold
or transferred or is to sell or to transfer to any other Person (other than the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and (II) intends to use for substantially the same purpose as the property which has been or is to be sold or transferred
by the Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary to any Person (other than the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) in connection with such lease (such a transaction, a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction); provided that any Sale
and Lease-Back Transaction shall be permitted so long as: 

(a) the relevant Sale and Lease-Back Transaction is consummated in exchange for
Cash and Cash Equivalent consideration (including deferred consideration payable in Cash or Cash Equivalents) and/or rent concessions (provided that for purposes of the foregoing cash consideration requirement, (w) the amount of any
Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such
Persons most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Parent and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly
released by all relevant creditors in writing, (x) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (y) any Securities received by the Parent or any
Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (z) any
Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of the relevant Sale and Lease-Back Transaction having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause
(z) and Section 10.2.7(h)(iv) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of $115,000,000 and 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently
ended Test Period, in each case, shall be deemed to be Cash); and 

(b) either: 

(i) the aggregate fair market value of the assets sold subject to all Sale and Lease-Back Transactions under this
Section 10.2.8 (other than Sale and Lease-Back Transactions of the type described in clauses (ii) and (iii) below) does not exceed the greater of $85,000,000 and 15% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, 

(ii) such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction
constitutes a Specified Sale and Lease-Back Transaction; or 

202 

(iii) such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction constitutes an Equipment Sale and
Lease-Back Transaction. 

10.2.9. Transactions with Affiliates. The Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) involving payment in excess of $15,000,000 in any individual transaction or series of related transactions
with any of their respective Affiliates on terms, taken as a whole, that are materially less favorable (taken as a whole) to the Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (as determined by the Borrower Agent in good faith), than those
that might be obtained at the time in a comparable arms-length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 

(a) any transaction between or among the Parent and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries and/or joint ventures (or any entity that becomes a
Restricted Subsidiary or joint venture as a result of such transaction) to the extent permitted or not restricted by this Agreement; 

(b)
any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options, stock ownership plans and other equity and equity-based
compensation plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) (or pursuant to a delegation thereby) of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(c) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into
by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar
agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) any
transaction pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any separation or severance arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members
of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement; 

(d)
(i) transactions permitted by Sections 10.2.1(d), (o), (bb) and (ee), 10.2.4, 10.2.6, 10.2.7 or 10.2.8 and (ii) issuances of Capital Stock, equity contributions and issuances and incurrences of Indebtedness not restricted by this
Agreement; 

(e) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such
amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date; 

(f) the pledge of Capital Stock of a joint venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such
Persons; 

(g) the Transactions, including the payment of Transaction Costs; 

(h) customary compensation to, and reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of, Affiliates in connection with financial advisory,
financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) or a
majority of the disinterested members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Parent in good faith; 

203 

(i) Contingent Obligations permitted by Section 10.2.1 or Section 10.2.6; 

(j) transactions among the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are otherwise permitted (or not restricted) under this
Section 10.2; 

(k) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members
of the board of directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Parent and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, landlords, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of
employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are (i) fair to the Parent and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the
Parent or the senior management thereof or (ii) on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably be obtained from a Person other than an Affiliate; 

(m) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities provided to
shareholders under any shareholder agreement; 

(n) (i) any purchase of the Capital Stock of (or contribution to the equity capital of)
the Parent and (ii) any intercompany loan made to the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary; and 

(o) any transaction (or series of
related transactions) in respect of which the Parent delivers to the Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Parent from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized
standing stating that such transaction or transactions, as applicable, is or are on terms that, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Parent and/or, if applicable, one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, individually or
taken as a whole, as the context may require, than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arms length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate. 

10.2.10. Conduct of Business. From and after the Closing Date, the Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than the businesses engaged in by the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and reasonable extensions thereof and similar, incidental, complementary, ancillary or
related businesses. 

10.2.11. Amendments or Waivers of Certain Documents. The Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any other
Obligor to, amend or modify their respective Organizational Documents, in each case in a manner that is materially adverse to the Lenders (in their capacities as such), taken as a whole; provided that, for purposes of clarity, it is understood and
agreed that the Parent and/or any other Obligor may effect a change to its organizational form and/or consummate any other transaction that is permitted under Section 10.2.7. 

10.2.12. Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt. The Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, amend or otherwise modify (a) the subordination terms of any Restricted Debt (or the subordination terms set forth in the documentation governing any Restricted Debt) if the effect of such amendment or modification, together
with all other amendments or modifications made, is materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such) or (b)

204 

the terms of any Restricted Debt in violation of any applicable intercreditor agreement or the subordination terms set forth in the definitive documentation governing any Restricted Debt;
provided that, for purposes of clarity, it is understood and agreed that the foregoing limitation shall not otherwise prohibit any Refinancing Indebtedness or any other replacement, refinancing, amendment, supplement, modification, extension,
renewal, restatement or refunding of any Restricted Debt, in each case, that is permitted under this Agreement in respect thereof (including to the extent that such Indebtedness would be permitted to be incurred under this Agreement at the time of
such replacement, refinancing, amendment, supplement, modification, extension, renewal, restatement or refunding, after giving effect thereto). 

10.2.13. Fiscal Year. The Parent shall not change its Fiscal Year-end; provided that the Parent may, upon written notice to the Agent,
change the Fiscal Year-end of the Parent to another date, in which case the Parent and the Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 

10.2.14. IP Separation and Relicense Transactions. Neither the Parent nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall consummate any IP Separation
and Relicense Transaction. 

10.2.15. Canadian Pension Plans. Without the prior written consent of Agent, no Obligor shall establish,
or otherwise incur any obligations or liabilities under or in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan that provides benefits on a defined benefit basis. 

10.2.16. Capital Stock of the German
Borrower. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien over the Capital Stock in (a) the German Borrower or (b) in each direct or indirect holder of such Capital Stock, in each case, other than such Liens in favor of the Agent and, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement, Liens granted to Term Loan Collateral Agent pursuant to the Term Loan Documents. 

10.3 Financial Covenants. As long as any Commitments or Obligations are outstanding, Borrowers shall maintain a Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, measured on a Fiscal Quarter-end basis, of at least 1.0 to 1.0 as of (a) the end of the last Fiscal Quarter immediately preceding the occurrence of any Covenant Trigger Period for which financial statements have most recently
been delivered pursuant to Section 10.1.1, and (b) the end of each Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are delivered pursuant to Section 10.1.1 during any Covenant Trigger Period. 

10.4 Company Trademark. The Obligors shall maintain, defend and preserve the Company Trademark and its value, usefulness,
merchantability and marketability in a manner consistent with past practices, and shall not sell, assign, transfer, encumber or license the Company Trademark to any Person (other than Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents and Liens that, if
consensual, are subordinated to the Agents Liens pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreements entered into as contemplated hereunder) to the extent that doing so would cause the amount specified in clause
(a) of the definition of U.S. Trademark Formula Amount to be less than the amount specified in clause (b) of the definition of U.S. Trademark Formula Amount without the prior written consent of the U.S. Required
Lenders. 

205 

SECTION 11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES ON DEFAULT 

11.1 Events of Default. Each of the following shall be an Event of Default hereunder, if the same shall occur
for any reason whatsoever, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise: 

(a) Failure To Make Payments When
Due. Failure by the Borrowers to pay (i) any installment of principal of any Loan when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise; or (ii) any interest on
any Loan or any fee or any other amount due hereunder within five Business Days after the date due; or 

(b) Default in Other
Agreements. Any of the following: 

(i) failure by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay when due any
principal of or interest on or any other amount payable in respect of one or more items of Indebtedness (other than (A) Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above and (B) Indebtedness among the Parent and/or its Restricted
Subsidiaries) with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor, or 

(ii) breach or default by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any term not referenced in clause
(i) above of (A) one or more items of Indebtedness (other than (x) Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above, (y) Indebtedness among the Parent and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (z) Topgolf Location Indebtedness
and/or Capital Leases) (such Indebtedness, other than the items described in clauses (x) through (z) above, the Specified Indebtedness) with an aggregate outstanding principal amount, together with the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of any Topgolf Location Indebtedness and/or Capital Lease with respect to which a breach or default of the type (and resulting in the effect) described in clause (iii) below has occurred and is continuing, exceeding
the Threshold Amount or (B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Specified Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Specified Indebtedness consisting of Hedging
Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Obligor or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case beyond the grace period, if any,
provided therefor, if the effect of such breach or default is to cause or to permit the holder or holders of such Specified Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause (with the giving of notice, if required)
such Specified Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be, or 

(iii) breach or default by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any term not referenced in clause
(i) above of (A) one or more items of Topgolf Location Indebtedness and/or one or more Capital Leases with an aggregate outstanding principal amount for all such Topgolf Location Indebtedness and Capital Leases, together with the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of any Specified Indebtedness with respect to which a breach or default of the type (and resulting in the effect) described in clause (ii) above has occurred and is continuing, exceeding the Threshold Amount or
(B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such Topgolf Location Indebtedness and/or Capital Leases, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor, if the effect of such breach or default is
that the holder or holders of such Topgolf Location Indebtedness or Capital Lease obligation (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) have caused (with the giving of notice, if required) such Topgolf Location Indebtedness or
Capital Lease obligation to become or be declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its stated maturity; 

206 

provided, that (1) [reserved], (2) any conversion of, or trigger of conversion
rights with respect to, any convertible debt securities of the Parent otherwise permitted to be incurred under this Agreement (whether or not such conversion is to be settled in cash or capital stock or a combination thereof) unless such conversion
results from any event of default thereunder or a change of control, fundamental change or similar occurrence thereunder, shall not constitute an Event of Default, (3) clauses (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph
(b) shall not apply to any secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder, (4) any failure described under
clauses (i) through (iii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness or the relevant lease counterparty, as applicable, prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to
Section 11 and (5) it is understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that the occurrence of any event described in clauses (i) through (iii) above that would, prior to the expiration of any applicable grace period, permit
the holder or holders of the relevant Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause (with the giving of notice, if required) such Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its
stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be will not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement prior to the expiration of such grace period; or 

(c) Breach of Certain Covenants. Failure of any Obligor, as required by the relevant provision, to perform or comply with any term or
condition contained in Section 10.1.1(e)(i), Section 10.1.2 (as it applies to the preservation of the existence of the Borrowers), Section 10.1.11 or Section 10.2; or 

(d) Breach of Representations, Etc. Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by any Obligor in any Loan
Document or in any certificate required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Perfection Certificate) being untrue in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made; or 

(e) Other Defaults Under Loan Documents. Default by any Obligor in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or
any of the other Loan Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other Section of this Section 11.1, which default has not been remedied or waived within 30 days after receipt by the Borrower Agent of written notice thereof from the
Agent; or 

(f) Involuntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (i) The entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a
decree or order for relief in respect of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in an involuntary case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, which decree or order is
not stayed; or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal, state, provincial, territorial, local or foreign Requirements of Law, which relief is not stayed; or (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case or
proceeding against the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) under any Debtor Relief Law; the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver,
interim receiver, receiver and manager, (preliminary) insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, monitor, custodian, administrator, or other officer having similar powers over the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than
any Immaterial Subsidiary), or over all or a material part of its property; or the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee, monitor, administrator or other custodian of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any
Immaterial Subsidiary) for all or a material part of its property, which remains, in any case under this clause (f), in the case of an Obligor (other than a U.K. Domiciled Obligor) undismissed, unvacated, unbounded or unstayed pending appeal for 60
consecutive days or, in the case of a U.K. Domiciled Obligor, such petition is a winding up petition which is not frivolous or vexatious and is not discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement; or 

207 

(g) Voluntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc. (i) The entry against
the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of an order for relief, the commencement by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a voluntary case or
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or proceeding or to the conversion of an
involuntary case or proceeding to a voluntary case or proceeding, under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the appointment of or taking possession by a
receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, trustee, monitor, administrator or other custodian for all or a material part of its property; (ii) the making by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial
Subsidiary) of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (iii) the admission by the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in writing of their inability to pay their respective debts as
such debts become due; or 

(h) Judgments and Attachments. The entry or filing of one or more final money judgments, writs or
warrants of attachment or similar process against the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets involving in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (in either case to the extent not
adequately covered by indemnity from a third party, or indemnifying party as to which the relevant indemnifying party has been notified and not denied its indemnification obligations, as applicable, by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance
and/or an indemnification provision as to which the relevant third party insurance company has been notified and not denied coverage), which judgment, writ, warrant or similar process remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed
pending appeal for a period of 60 consecutive days; or 

(i) Employee Benefit Plans. The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events,
which individually or in the aggregate result in liability of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(j) Change of Control. The occurrence of a Change of Control; or 

(k) Guaranties, Security Documents and Other Loan Documents. At any time after the execution and delivery thereof, (i) any material
Loan Guaranty for any reason ceasing to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms or as a result of the occurrence of Full Payment) or being declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be null and void or the
repudiation in writing by any Guarantor of its obligations thereunder (in each case, other than as a result of the discharge of such Guarantor in accordance with the terms thereof), (ii) this Agreement or any material Security Document ceasing
to be in full force and effect or ceasing to create a valid and perfected (with the priority specified in such Security Document and subject to Permitted Liens and any applicable intercreditor agreement) Lien on Collateral purported to be covered
thereby (other than by reason of a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or the occurrence of Full Payment or any other termination of such Security Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or being declared null
and void or (iii) other than in any bona fide, good faith dispute as to the scope of Collateral or whether any Lien has been, or is required to be released, the contesting by any Obligor of the validity or enforceability of any material
provision of any Loan Document in writing or denial by any Obligor in writing that it has any further liability (other than by reason of the occurrence of Full Payment or any other termination of any other Loan Document in accordance with the terms
thereof), including with respect to future advances by the Lenders, under any Loan Document to which it is a party; it being understood and agreed that the mere failure of the Agent to maintain possession of any physical Collateral with respect to a
Lien that otherwise was or would have been perfected shall not result in an Event of Default under this Section 11.1(k) or any other provision of any Loan Document; or 

208 

(l) Subordination. The Obligations ceasing or the assertion in writing by any Obligor
that the Obligations cease to constitute senior indebtedness under the subordination provisions of any document or instrument evidencing any Junior Lien Indebtedness or any such subordination provision being invalidated by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final non-appealable order, or otherwise ceasing, for any reason, to be valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the parties thereto; or 

(m) The occurrence of one or more of the following, which individually or in the aggregate result in liability of the Parent or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (A) a Termination Event shall occur or any Canadian Multi-Employer Plan shall be terminated, in each case, in
circumstances which would result or could reasonably be expected to result in a Canadian Facility Obligor required to make a contribution to or in respect of a Canadian Pension Plan or a Canadian Multi-Employer Plan or results in the appointment of
an administrator to wind up a Canadian Pension Plan; (B) any Canadian Domiciled Obligor is in default with respect to any required contributions to a Canadian Pension Plan or fails to eliminate a solvency deficiency or keep such plan fully
funded; or (C) any Lien arises (save for contribution amounts not yet due) in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan. 

11.2
Remedies upon Default. If an Event of Default described in Section 11.1(f) or Section 11.1(g) occurs with respect to any Borrower, then to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, all Obligations (other than
Secured Bank Product Obligations) shall become automatically due and payable and all Commitments shall terminate, without any action by Agent or notice of any kind. In addition, if any other Event of Default exists, Agent may in its discretion (and
shall upon written direction of Required Lenders) do any one or more of the following from time to time: 

(a) declare any Obligations
(other than Secured Bank Product Obligations) immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall be due and payable without diligence, presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by Borrowers to the fullest
extent permitted by law; 

(b) terminate, reduce or condition any Commitment, or make any adjustment to the Borrowing Base; 

(c) require Obligors to Cash Collateralize LC Obligations, Secured Bank Product Obligations and other Obligations that are contingent or not
yet due and payable; and 

(d) exercise any other rights or remedies afforded under any agreement, by law, at equity or otherwise, including
the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC and the PPSA. Such rights and remedies include the rights to (i) take possession of any Collateral; (ii) require Obligors to assemble Collateral, at Obligors expense, and make
it available to Agent at a place designated by Agent; (iii) enter any premises where Collateral is located and store Collateral on such premises until sold (and if the premises are owned or leased by an Obligor, Obligors agree not to charge for
such storage); and (iv) sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral in its then condition, or after any further manufacturing or processing thereof, at public or private sale, with such notice as may be required by Requirements of Law, in lots
or in bulk, at such locations, all as Agent, in its discretion, deems advisable. Each Obligor agrees that 10 days notice of any proposed sale or other disposition of Collateral by Agent shall be reasonable. Agent shall have the right to
conduct such sales on any Obligors premises, without charge, and such sales may be adjourned from time to time in accordance with Requirements of Law. Agent shall have the right to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any Collateral for cash,
credit or any combination thereof, and Agent may purchase any Collateral at public or, if permitted by law, private sale and, in lieu of actual payment of the purchase price, may credit bid and set off the amount of such price against the
Obligations. 

209 

11.3 License. Agent is hereby granted an irrevocable, non-exclusive license or
other right to use, license or sub-license (without payment of royalty or other compensation to any Person), exercisable at any time following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, any or all Intellectual Property of
Obligors, computer hardware and software, trade secrets, brochures, customer lists, promotional and advertising materials, labels, packaging materials and other Property, in advertising for sale, marketing, selling, collecting, completing
manufacture of, or otherwise exercising any rights or remedies with respect to, any Collateral. Each Obligors rights and interests under Intellectual Property shall inure to Agents benefit. 

11.4 Setoff. At any time during an Event of Default, Agent, Issuing Banks, Lenders, and any of their Affiliates are authorized,
to the fullest extent permitted by Requirements of Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) (other than exclusively third party funds) at any time held and other
obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by Agent, such Issuing Bank, such Lender or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of an Obligor against any Obligations, irrespective of whether or not Agent, such Issuing Bank, such
Lender or such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of Agent, such Issuing Bank, such Lender or such
Affiliate different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Lender and each such Affiliate under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies
(including other rights of setoff) that such Person may have. 

11.5 Remedies Cumulative; No Waiver. 

11.5.1. Cumulative Rights. All agreements, warranties, guaranties, indemnities and other undertakings of Obligors under the Loan
Documents are cumulative and not in derogation of each other. The rights and remedies of Agent and Lenders are cumulative, may be exercised at any time and from time to time, concurrently or in any order, and are not exclusive of any other rights or
remedies available by agreement, by law, at equity or otherwise. All such rights and remedies shall continue in full force and effect until Full Payment of all Obligations. 

11.5.2. Waivers. No waiver or course of dealing shall be established by (a) the failure or delay of Agent or any Lender to require
strict performance by Obligors with any terms of the Loan Documents, or to exercise any rights or remedies with respect to Collateral or otherwise; (b) the making of any Loan or issuance of any Letter of Credit during a Default, Event of
Default or other failure to satisfy any conditions precedent; or (c) acceptance by Agent or any Lender of any payment or performance by an Obligor under any Loan Documents in a manner other than that specified therein. It is expressly
acknowledged by Obligors that any failure to satisfy a financial covenant on a measurement date shall not be cured or remedied by satisfaction of such covenant on a subsequent date. 

11.6 Judgment Currency. If, for purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum from the currency
provided under a Loan Document (Agreement Currency) into another currency, the Spot Rate shall be used as the rate of exchange. Notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (Judgment Currency) other than the
Agreement Currency, an Obligor shall discharge its obligation in respect of any sum due under a Loan Document only if, on the Business Day following receipt by Agent or any Secured Party of payment in the Judgment Currency, Agent or such Secured
Party can use the amount paid to purchase the sum originally due in the Agreement Currency. If the purchased amount is less than the sum originally due, such Obligor agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to
indemnify Agent and Secured Parties against such loss. If the purchased amount is greater than the sum originally due, Agent or such Secured Party shall return the excess amount to such Obligor (or to the Person legally entitled thereto). 

210 

SECTION 12. AGENT 

12.1 Appointment, Authority and Duties of Agent. 

12.1.1. Appointment and Authority. 

(a) Each Secured Party appoints and designates Bank of America as Agent under all Loan Documents. Agent may, and each Secured Party authorizes
Agent to, enter into all Loan Documents to which Agent is intended to be a party and accept all Security Documents, for the benefit of Secured Parties. Each Secured Party agrees that any action taken by Agent, Required Lenders, U.S. Required
Lenders, Canadian Required Lenders, German Required Lenders, or U.K./Dutch Required Lenders in accordance
with the provisions of the Loan Documents, and the exercise by Agent or Required Lenders of any rights or remedies set forth therein, together with all other powers reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized by and binding upon all Secured
Parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive authority to (a) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for Lenders with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection with
the Loan Documents; (b) execute and deliver as Agent each Loan Document, including any intercreditor or subordination agreement, and accept delivery of each Loan Document from any Obligor or other Person; (c) act as collateral agent for
Secured Parties for purposes of perfecting and administering Liens under the Loan Documents, and for all other purposes stated therein; (d) manage, supervise or otherwise deal with Collateral; and (e) take any Enforcement Action or
otherwise exercise any rights or remedies with respect to any Collateral under the Loan Documents, Requirements of Law or otherwise. The duties of Agent shall be ministerial and administrative in nature, and Agent shall not have a fiduciary
relationship with any Secured Party, Participant or other Person, by reason of any Loan Document or any transaction relating thereto. Agent alone shall be authorized to determine whether any Accounts, Credit Card Receivables, Toptracer Bays or
Inventory constitute Eligible Accounts, Eligible Credit Card Receivables, Eligible Toptracer Bays, Eligible Inventory or Eligible In-Transit Inventory, whether to impose or release any reserve, or whether any conditions to funding or to issuance of
a Letter of Credit have been satisfied, which determinations and judgments, if exercised in good faith, shall exonerate Agent from liability to any Lender or other Person for any error in judgment. 

(b) For the purposes of creating a solidarit active in accordance with Article 1541 of the Civil Code of Quebec between each Secured
Party, taken individually, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, each Obligor and each such Secured Party acknowledge and agree with the Agent that such Secured Party and the Agent are hereby conferred the legal status of solidary
creditors of each such Obligor in respect of all Obligations owed by each such Obligor to the Agent and such Secured Party hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Solidary Claim) and that, accordingly,
but subject (for the avoidance of doubt) to Article 1542 of the Civil Code of Quebec, each such Obligor is irrevocably bound towards the Agent and each Secured Party in respect of the entire Solidary Claim of the Agent and such Secured Party.
As a result of the foregoing, the parties hereto acknowledge that the Agent and each Secured Party shall at all times have a valid and effective right of action for the entire Solidary Claim of the Agent and such Secured Party and the right to give
full acquittance for it. Accordingly, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent, as solidary creditor with each Secured Party, shall at all times have a valid and effective right of action in respect of the Solidary Claim and
the right to give a full acquittance for same. By its execution of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, each such Obligor not a party hereto shall also be deemed to have accepted the stipulations hereinabove provided. The parties further
agree and acknowledge that such Liens (hypothecs) under the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents shall be granted to the Agent, for its own benefit and for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as solidary creditor as hereinabove set forth.

211 

(c) Without limiting the foregoing or any powers of Agent, for the purposes of holding any
hypothec granted to the Attorney (as defined below) pursuant to the laws of the Province of Qubec to secure the prompt payment and performance of any and all Obligations by any Obligor, each of the Secured Parties hereby irrevocably appoints
and authorizes Agent and, to the extent necessary, ratifies the appointment and authorization of Agent, to act as the hypothecary representative of the present and future creditors as contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code (in such
capacity, the Attorney), and to enter into, to take and to hold on their behalf, and for their benefit, any hypothec, and to exercise such powers and duties that are conferred upon the Attorney under any related deed of hypothec.
The Attorney shall: (i) have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise, except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and remedies given to the Attorney pursuant to any such deed of hypothec and
applicable law, and (ii) benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to Agent mutatis mutandis, including, without limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by
the Secured Parties and Obligors. Any person who becomes a Secured Party shall, by its execution of an Assignment and Acceptance, be deemed to have consented to and confirmed the Attorney as the person acting as hypothecary representative holding
the aforesaid hypothecs as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Secured Party, all actions taken by the Attorney in such capacity. The substitution of Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Section 12 also constitutes
the substitution of the Attorney. 

12.1.2. Duties. Agent shall not have any duties except those expressly set forth in the Loan
Documents. The conferral upon Agent of any right shall not imply a duty to exercise such right, unless instructed to do so by Lenders in accordance with this Agreement. 

12.1.3. Agent Professionals. Agent may perform its duties through agents and employees. Agent may consult with and employ Agent
Professionals, and shall be entitled to act upon, and shall be fully protected in any action taken in good faith reliance upon, any advice given by an Agent Professional. Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents,
employees or Agent Professionals selected by it with reasonable care. 

12.1.4. Instructions of Required Lenders. The rights and
remedies conferred upon Agent under the Loan Documents may be exercised without the necessity of joinder of any other party, unless required by Requirements of Law. Agent may request instructions from Required Lenders or other Secured Parties with
respect to any act (including the failure to act) in connection with any Loan Documents, and may seek assurances to its satisfaction from Secured Parties of their indemnification obligations against all Claims that could be incurred by Agent in
connection with any act. Agent shall be entitled to refrain from any act until it has received such instructions or assurances, and Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Instructions of Required Lenders shall be
binding upon all Secured Parties, and no Secured Party shall have any right of action whatsoever against Agent as a result of Agent acting or refraining from acting in accordance with the instructions of Required Lenders. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, instructions by and consent of specific parties shall be required to the extent provided in Section 14.1.1. In no event shall Agent be required to take any action that, in its opinion, is contrary to Requirements of Law or any
Loan Documents or could subject any Agent Indemnitee to personal liability. 

12.1.5. Agent as Security Trustee. In this Agreement
and the U.K. Security Agreements, any rights and remedies exercisable by, any documents to be delivered to, or any other indemnities or obligations in favor of Agent shall be, as the case may be, exercisable by, delivered to, or be indemnities or
other obligations in favor of, Agent (or any other Person acting in such capacity) in its capacity as security trustee of Secured Parties to the extent that the rights, deliveries, indemnities or other obligations relate to the U.K. Security
Agreements or the security thereby created. Any obligations of Agent (or any other Person acting in such capacity) in this Agreement and U.K. Security Agreements shall be obligations of 

212 

Agent in its capacity as security trustee of Secured Parties to the extent that the obligations relate to the U.K. Security Agreements or the security thereby created. Additionally, in its
capacity as security trustee of Secured Parties Agent (or any other Person acting in such capacity) shall have (i) all the rights, remedies and benefits in favor of Agent contained in the provisions of the whole of this Section 12;
(ii) all the powers of an absolute owner of the security constituted by the U.K. Security Agreements and (iii) all the rights, remedies and powers granted to it and be subject to all the obligations and duties owed by it under the U.K.
Security Agreements and/or any of the Loan Documents. 

12.1.6. Appointment of Agent as Security Trustee. Each Secured Party hereby
appoints Agent to act as its trustee under and in relation to the U.K. Security Agreements and to hold the assets subject to the security thereby created as trustee for Secured Parties on the trusts and other terms contained in the U.K. Security
Agreements and each Secured Party hereby irrevocably authorizes Agent in its capacity as security trustee of Secured Parties to exercise such rights, remedies, powers and discretions as are specifically delegated to Agent as security trustee of
Secured Parties by the terms of the U.K. Security Agreements together with all such rights, remedies, powers and discretions as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

12.1.7. Liens. Any reference in this Agreement to Liens stated to be in favor of Agent shall be construed so as to include a reference
to Liens granted in favor of Agent in its capacity as security trustee of Secured Parties. 

12.1.8. Successors. Secured Parties
agree that, if at any time that the Person acting as security trustee of Secured Parties in respect of the U.K. Security Agreements shall be a Person other than Agent, such other Person shall have the rights, remedies, benefits and powers granted to
Agent in its capacity as security trustee of Secured Parties under this Agreement and the U.K. Security Agreements. 

12.1.9.
Capacity. Nothing in Sections 12.1.5 to 12.1.8 shall require Agent in its capacity as security trustee of Secured Parties under the U.K. Security Agreements to act as a trustee at common law or to be holding any property on
trust, in any jurisdiction outside the U.K. which may not operate under principles of trust or where such trust would not be recognized or its effects would not be enforceable. 

12.2 Agreements Regarding Collateral and Field Examination Reports. 

12.2.1. Lien Releases; Care of Collateral. 

(a) Secured Parties irrevocably authorize and instruct Agent to, and Agent shall, release any Lien with respect to any Collateral (A) upon
Full Payment of the Obligations; (B) that is the subject of a Disposition permitted hereunder to a Person which is not an Obligor so long as, if reasonably requested by Agent, Borrower Agent certifies in writing to Agent that such Disposition
is permitted hereunder (and Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate without further inquiry); (C) that constitutes Excluded Property; (D) that is owned by an Obligor upon the release of such Obligor in accordance with the terms
hereof; or (E) with the written consent of the Required Lenders (or all Lenders to the extent required by Section 14.1.1(d)(v). 

(b) Subject to Section 14.26, Secured Parties irrevocably authorize and instruct Agent to, and Agent shall: release any Obligor
(other than a Borrower, but including the German
BorrowerJW Germany upon the consummation of the JW
Sale; provided that (x) any outstanding German Revolver Loans and any amounts owing by the German BorrowerJW Germany for any drawings under German Letters of Credit shall have
been repaid, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, and (y) any issued but undrawn German Letters of Credit shall have been terminated (or otherwise backstopped or cash collateralized in a manner satisfactory to the applicable
German Issuing Bank)) from its obligations under 

213 

the Loan Documents (including its Loan Guaranty) if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or is or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of
related transactions permitted hereunder and the Parent has requested that such Obligor cease to be an Obligor); provided, that the release of any Obligor from its obligations under the Loan Documents if such Obligor becomes an Excluded
Subsidiary of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof shall only be permitted if such Obligor did not become an Excluded Subsidiary of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof as a result of
(A) a transfer of its equity interests to any Affiliate of the Parent for a non-bona fide business purpose for less than fair market value or (B) a non-bona fide transaction the primary purpose of which was to cause such entity to become a
non-wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent in order to release it from the Loan Documents (or its Loan Guaranty). 

(c) Secured Parties
authorize Agent to release its Lien over any Collateral subject to a Lien permitted under Section 10.2.2(n) and subordinate its Liens to any Lien permitted under Section 10.2.2(c), (d), (e), (f), (g)(i), (k) (with
respect to a refinancing of any other Lien referred to in this clause (c)), (l) (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement with respect to the Term Loan Facility Agreement), (m), (n), (o), (q), (r), (s),
(u) (to the extent such Lien is of a type with respect to which subordination is otherwise permitted under this clause (c) (other than with respect to 10.2.2(l))), (y), (bb), (cc), (dd),
(ee), (ff), (gg), (hh), (ii), and/or (jj) (and any Lien securing any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under
Section 10.2.2(k)). 

(d) Agent shall have no obligation to assure that any Collateral exists or is owned by a Borrower,
or is cared for, protected, insured or encumbered, nor to assure that Agents Liens have been properly created, perfected or enforced, or are entitled to any particular priority, nor to exercise any duty of care with respect to any Collateral.

(e) Upon the request of Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing Agents authority to release or subordinate its
interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Obligor from its obligations under the Loan Documents or its Lien on any Collateral pursuant to this Article 12. In each case as specified in this Article 12, Agent will
(and each Lender hereby authorizes Agent to), at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Obligor such documents as such Obligor may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment
and security interest granted under the Security Documents, to subordinate its interest therein, or to release such Obligor from its obligations under any Loan Guaranty or as a Borrower, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan
Documents and this Article 12. 

12.2.2. Possession of Collateral. Agent and Secured Parties appoint each Lender as agent (for
the benefit of Secured Parties) for the purpose of perfecting Liens in any Collateral held or controlled by such Lender, to the extent such Liens are perfected by possession or control. If any Lender obtains possession or control of any Collateral,
it shall notify Agent thereof and, promptly upon Agents request, deliver such Collateral to Agent or otherwise deal with it in accordance with Agents instructions. 

12.2.3. Reports. Agent shall promptly forward to each Lender, when complete, copies of any field audit, examination or appraisal report
prepared by or for Agent with respect to any Obligor or Collateral (Report). Each Lender agrees (a) that neither Bank of America nor Agent makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of any Report,
and shall not be liable for any information contained in or omitted from any Report; (b) that the Reports are not intended to be comprehensive audits or examinations, and that Agent or any other Person performing any audit or examination will
inspect only specific information regarding Obligations or the Collateral and will rely significantly upon the applicable Obligors books and records as well as upon representations of the applicable Obligors officers and employees; and
(c) to keep all Reports confidential and strictly for such Lenders internal use, and not to distribute any Report (or the contents thereof) to any Person (except: (i)

214 

to such Lenders Participants, attorneys and accountants (provided such Persons are informed of the confidential nature of the Information and instructed to keep it confidential),
(ii) to the extent requested by any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it or its Affiliates (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by
bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to the extent permitted by law, (x) inform the Parent promptly in advance thereof and (y) use
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), or (iii) to the extent required by Requirements of Law or by any subpoena or other legal process (in which case such Person shall
(x) to the extent permitted by law, inform the Parent promptly in advance thereof and (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment)) or use any Report in any
manner other than administration of the Loans and other Obligations. Each Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless Agent and any other Person preparing a Report from any action such Lender may take as a result of or any conclusion it may draw from
any Report, as well as from any Claims arising as a direct or indirect result of Agent furnishing a Report to such Lender. 

12.3
Reliance By Agent. Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any certification, notice or other communication (including those by telephone, telex, telegram, telecopy or e-mail) believed by it to be
genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and upon the advice and statements of Agent Professionals. Agent shall have a reasonable and practicable amount of time to act upon any instruction, notice or other
communication under any Loan Document, and shall not be liable for any delay in acting. 

12.4 Action Upon Default. Agent
shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default, or of any failure to satisfy any conditions in Section 6, unless it has received written notice from a Borrower or Required Lenders specifying the occurrence and
nature thereof. If any Lender acquires knowledge of a Default, Event of Default or failure of such conditions, it shall promptly notify Agent and the other Lenders thereof in writing. Each Secured Party agrees that, except as otherwise provided in
any Loan Documents or with the written consent of Agent and Required Lenders, it will not take any Enforcement Action, accelerate Obligations (other than Secured Bank Product Obligations), or exercise any right that it might otherwise have under
Requirements of Law to credit bid at foreclosure sales, UCC or PPSA sales or other similar dispositions of Collateral or to assert any rights relating to any Collateral. 

12.5 Ratable Sharing. No Lender shall set off against any Dominion Account without the prior written consent of Agent. If any
Lender shall obtain any payment or reduction of any Obligation, whether through set-off or otherwise, in excess of its share of such Obligation, determined on a Pro Rata basis or in accordance with Section 5.6.1, as applicable, such
Lender shall forthwith purchase from Agent, the U.S. Issuing Banks (if such Obligation is a U.S. Facility Obligation), the Canadian Issuing Bank (if such Obligation is a Canadian Facility Obligation), the German Issuing Bank (if such Obligation is a German Facility Obligation), the U.K./Dutch Issuing Bank (if such
Obligation is a U.K./Dutch Facility Obligation), and the other Lenders such participations in the affected Obligation as are necessary to cause the purchasing Lender to share the excess payment or reduction on a Pro Rata basis or in accordance with
Section 5.6.1, as applicable. If any of such payment or reduction is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender, the purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Defaulting Lender obtains a payment or reduction of any Obligation, it shall immediately turn over the amount thereof to Agent for application under Section 4.2.2 and it shall provide a written
statement to Agent describing the Obligation affected by such payment or reduction. 

215 

12.6 Indemnification. EACH LENDER SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS AGENT
INDEMNITEES AND ISSUING BANK INDEMNITEES, TO THE EXTENT NOT REIMBURSED BY OBLIGORS, ON A PRO RATA BASIS, AGAINST ALL CLAIMS THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY SUCH INDEMNITEE (OTHER THAN CLAIMS THAT ARE CAUSED BY THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF SUCH INDEMNITEE), PROVIDED THAT ANY CLAIM AGAINST AN AGENT INDEMNITEE RELATES TO OR ARISES FROM ITS ACTING AS OR FOR AGENT (IN THE CAPACITY OF AGENT). In Agents discretion, it may reserve for any Claims made against
an Agent Indemnitee or Issuing Bank Indemnitee, and may satisfy any judgment, order or settlement relating thereto, from proceeds of Collateral prior to making any distribution of Collateral proceeds to Secured Parties. If Agent is sued by any
Creditor Representative, debtor-in-possession or other Person for any alleged preference or fraudulent transfer, then any monies paid by Agent in settlement or satisfaction of such proceeding, together with all interest, costs and expenses
(including attorneys fees) incurred in the defense of same, shall be promptly reimbursed to Agent by each Lender to the extent of its Pro Rata share. 

12.7 Limitation on Responsibilities of Agent. Agent shall not be liable to any Secured Party for any action taken or omitted to
be taken under the Loan Documents, except for losses directly and solely caused by Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct. Agent does not assume any responsibility for any failure or delay in performance or any breach by any Obligor,
Lender or other Secured Party of any obligations under the Loan Documents. Agent does not make any express or implied representation, warranty or guarantee to Secured Parties with respect to any Obligations, Collateral, Loan Documents or Obligor. No
Agent Indemnitee shall be responsible to Secured Parties for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties contained in any Loan Documents; the execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or enforceability of any Loan
Documents; the genuineness, enforceability, collectability, value, sufficiency, location or existence of any Collateral, or the validity, extent, perfection or priority of any Lien therein; the validity, enforceability or collectability of any
Obligations; or the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, business, creditworthiness or legal status of any Obligor or Account Debtor. No Agent Indemnitee shall have any obligation to any Secured Party to ascertain or
inquire into the existence of any Default or Event of Default, the observance or performance by any Obligor of any terms of the Loan Documents, or the satisfaction of any conditions precedent contained in any Loan Documents. 

12.8 Successor Agent and Co-Agents. 

12.8.1. Resignation; Successor Agent. Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Agent as provided below, Agent may resign
at any time by giving at least 30 days written notice thereof to Lenders and Borrower Agent. Upon receipt of such notice, Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent which shall be (a) a U.S. Lender or an Affiliate of a
U.S. Lender; or (b) a commercial bank that is organized under the laws of the United States or any state or district thereof, has a combined capital surplus of at least $200,000,000 and (provided no Event of Default exists) is reasonably
acceptable to Borrower Agent. If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of Agent, then Agent may appoint a successor agent from among Lenders or, if no Lender accepts such role, Agent may appoint Required
Lenders as successor Agent. Upon acceptance by a successor Agent of an appointment to serve as Agent hereunder, or upon appointment of Required Lenders as successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all
the powers and duties of the retiring Agent (including as security trustee of Secured Parties under the U.K. Security Agreements) without further act, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder but shall
continue to have the benefits of the indemnification set forth in Sections 12.6 and 14.2. Notwithstanding any Agents resignation, the provisions of this Section 12 shall continue in effect for its benefit with respect
to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while Agent. Any successor to Bank of America by merger or acquisition of stock shall continue to be Agent (including as security trustee of Secured Parties under the U.K. Security Agreements)
hereunder without further act on the part of the parties hereto, unless such successor resigns as provided above. 

216 

12.8.2. Separate Collateral Agent. It is the intent of the parties that there shall
be no violation of any Requirements of Law denying or restricting the right of financial institutions to transact business in any jurisdiction. If Agent believes that it may be limited in the exercise of any rights or remedies under the Loan
Documents due to any Requirements of Law, Agent may appoint an additional Person who is not so limited, as a separate collateral agent or co-collateral agent. If Agent so appoints a collateral agent or co-collateral agent, each right and remedy
intended to be available to Agent under the Loan Documents shall also be vested in such separate agent. Secured Parties shall execute and deliver such documents as Agent deems appropriate to vest any rights or remedies in such agent. If any
collateral agent or co-collateral agent shall die or dissolve, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, then all the rights and remedies of such agent, to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, shall vest in and be exercised by Agent
until appointment of a new agent. 

12.9 Due Diligence and Non-Reliance. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that it has,
independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lenders, and based upon such documents, information and analyses as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of each Obligor and its own decision to enter into this Agreement
and to fund Loans and participate in LC Obligations hereunder. Each Secured Party has made such inquiries as it feels necessary concerning the Loan Documents, Collateral and Obligors. Each Secured Party acknowledges and agrees that the other Secured
Parties have made no representations or warranties concerning any Obligor, any Collateral or the legality, validity, sufficiency or enforceability of any Loan Documents or Obligations. Each Secured Party will, independently and without reliance upon
any other Secured Party, and based upon such financial statements, documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make and rely upon its own credit decisions in making Loans and participating in LC Obligations, and in
taking or refraining from any action under any Loan Documents. Except for notices, reports and other information expressly requested by a Lender, Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to provide any Secured Party with any notices, reports or
certificates furnished to Agent by any Obligor or any credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition, business or Properties of any Obligor (or any of its Affiliates) which may come into possession of Agent or its
Affiliates. 

12.10 Remittance of Payments and Collections. 

12.10.1. Remittances Generally. All payments by any Lender to Agent shall be made by the time and on the day set forth in this
Agreement, in immediately available funds. If no time for payment is specified or if payment is due on demand by Agent and request for payment is made by Agent by 11:00 a.m. (Applicable Time Zone) on a Business Day, payment shall be made by Lender
not later than 2:00 p.m. (Applicable Time Zone) on such day, and if request is made after 11:00 a.m. (Applicable Time Zone), then payment shall be made by 11:00 a.m. (Applicable Time Zone) on the next Business Day. Payment by Agent to any Secured
Party shall be made by wire transfer, in the type of funds received by Agent. Any such payment shall be subject to Agents right of offset for any amounts due from such payee under the Loan Documents. 

12.10.2. Failure to Pay. If any Secured Party fails to pay any amount when due by it to Agent pursuant to the terms hereof, such amount
shall bear interest from the due date until paid at the rate determined by Agent as customary in the banking industry for interbank compensation. In no event shall Obligors be entitled to receive credit for any interest paid by a Secured Party to
Agent, nor shall any Defaulting Lender be entitled to interest on any amounts held by Agent pursuant to Section 4.2. 

217 

12.10.3. Recovery of Payments. If Agent pays any amount to a Secured Party in the
expectation that a related payment will be received by Agent from an Obligor and such related payment is not received, then Agent may recover such amount from each Secured Party that received it. If Agent determines at any time that an amount
received under any Loan Document must be returned to an Obligor or paid to any other Person pursuant to Requirements of Law or otherwise, then, notwithstanding any other term of any Loan Document, Agent shall not be required to distribute such
amount to any Lender. If any amounts received and applied by Agent to any Obligations are later required to be returned by Agent pursuant to Requirements of Law, each Lender shall pay to Agent, on demand, such Lenders Pro Rata share of
the amounts required to be returned. 

12.11 Agent in its Individual Capacity. As a Lender, Bank of America shall have the
same rights and remedies under the other Loan Documents as any other Lender, and the terms Lenders, Required Lenders, U.S. Required Lenders, Canadian Required Lenders, German Required Lenders, U.K./Dutch Required Lenders, or any similar term shall include Bank of
America, if applicable, in its capacity as a Lender. Bank of America and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, provide Bank Products to, act as financial or other advisor to, and generally engage in any kind of business with,
Obligors and their Affiliates, as if Bank of America were not Agent hereunder, without any duty to account therefor to Lenders. In their individual capacities, Bank of America and its Affiliates may receive information regarding Obligors, their
Affiliates and their Account Debtors (including information subject to confidentiality obligations), and each Secured Party agrees that Bank of America and its Affiliates shall be under no obligation to provide such information to any Secured Party,
if acquired in such individual capacity. 

12.12 Agent Titles. Each Lender, other than Bank of America, that is
designated (on the cover page of this Agreement or otherwise) by Bank of America as an Agent or Arranger of any type shall not have any right, power, responsibility or duty under any Loan Documents other than those applicable
to all Lenders, and shall in no event be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any other Lender. 

12.13 Bank Product
Providers. Each Secured Bank Product Provider, by delivery of a notice to Agent of a Bank Product, agrees to be bound by Section 5.6 and this Section 12. Each Secured Bank Product Provider shall indemnify and hold
harmless Agent Indemnitees, to the extent not reimbursed by Obligors, against all Claims that may be incurred by or asserted against any Agent Indemnitee in connection with such providers Secured Bank Product Obligations, unless such Claim is
caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Indemnitee. 

12.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This
Section 12 is an agreement solely among Secured Parties and Agent, and shall survive Full Payment of the Obligations. This Section 12 does not confer any rights or benefits upon Obligors (except for the consent rights set
forth in Section 12.8.1) or any other Person. As between Obligors and Agent, any action that Agent may take under any Loan Documents or with respect to any Obligations shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized and directed by
Secured Parties. 

SECTION 13. BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS 

13.1 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Obligors, Agent, Lenders, Secured
Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, except that (a) no Obligor shall have the right to assign its rights or delegate its obligations under any Loan Documents; and (b) any assignment by a Lender must be made in compliance
with Section 13.3. Agent may treat the Person which made any Loan as the owner thereof for all purposes until such Person makes an assignment in accordance with Section 13.3. Any authorization or consent of a Lender shall be
conclusive and binding on any subsequent transferee or assignee of such Lender. 

218 

13.2 Participations. 

13.2.1. Permitted Participants; Effect. Any Lender may, in the Ordinary Course of Business and in accordance with Requirements of Law,
at any time sell to a financial institution (Participant) a participating interest in the rights and obligations of such Lender under any Loan Documents. Despite any sale by a Lender of participating interests to a Participant,
such Lenders obligations under the Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for performance of such obligations, such Lender shall remain the holder of its Loans and
Commitments for all purposes, all amounts payable by Obligors shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold such participating interests, and Obligors and Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with the
Loan Documents. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for notifying its Participants of any matters under the Loan Documents, and Agent and the other Lenders shall not have any obligation or liability to any such Participant. A Participant that
would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.9 unless Borrower Agent agrees otherwise in writing. 

13.2.2. Voting Rights. Each Lender shall retain the sole right to approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment, waiver
or other modification of any Loan Documents other than that which forgives principal, interest or fees, reduces the stated interest rate or fees payable with respect to any Loan or Commitment in which such Participant has an interest, postpones the
Canadian Revolver Commitment Termination Date (if such Participant has an interest in the Canadian Revolver Commitments), U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date (if such Participant has an interest in the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments), German Revolver Commitment Termination Date (if such Participant has an interest in the German Revolver Commitments),
or U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date (if such Participant has an interest in the U.S. Revolver Commitments), or any date fixed for any regularly scheduled payment of principal,
interest or fees on such Loan or Commitment, or releases any Borrower, any Guarantor(s) constituting a substantial portion of the Loan Guaranty or any substantial portion of the Collateral. 

13.2.3. Benefit of Set-Off. Obligors agree that each Participant shall have a right of set-off in respect of its participating interest
to the same extent as if such interest were owing directly to a Lender, and each Lender shall also retain the right of set-off with respect to any participating interests sold by it. By exercising any right of set-off, a Participant agrees to share
with Lenders all amounts received through its set-off, in accordance with Section 12.5 as if such Participant were a Lender. 

13.3 Assignments. 

13.3.1. Permitted Assignments. 

(a) A Lender may assign to an Eligible Assignee any of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents, as long as (i) each assignment
is of a constant, and not a varying, percentage of the transferor Lenders rights and obligations under the Loan Documents and, in the case of a partial assignment, is in a minimum principal amount of $10,000,000 (unless otherwise agreed by
Agent and Borrower Agent (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) in their respective discretion) and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess of that amount; (ii) except in the case of an assignment in whole of a
Lenders rights and obligations, the aggregate amount of the Commitments retained by the transferor Lender is at least $10,000,000 (unless otherwise agreed by Agent and Borrower Agent (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing)
in their respective discretion); and (iii) the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to Agent, for its acceptance and recording, an Assignment and Acceptance. Nothing herein shall limit the right of a Lender to pledge or
assign any rights under the Loan Documents to (x) any Federal Reserve Bank or the United States Treasury as collateral security 

219 

pursuant to Regulation A of the Board of Governors and any Operating Circular issued by such Federal Reserve Bank, or (y) counterparties to swap agreements relating to any Loans;
provided, however, that any payment by Obligors to the assigning Lender in respect of any Obligations assigned as described in this sentence shall satisfy Obligors obligations hereunder to the extent of such payment, and no such
assignment shall release the assigning Lender from its obligations hereunder. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, no assignment may be made unless after giving effect thereto: 

(i) the percentage of each U.S. Lenders U.S.
Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all U.S. Revolver Commitments equals the percentage of such Lenders and such Lenders Affiliates and branches: (1) Canadian Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all
Canadian Revolver Commitments, and (2) U.K./Dutch Revolver
Commitment to the aggregate amount of all U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, and (3) German Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all German
Revolver Commitments; 

(ii) the percentage of each
Canadian Lenders Canadian Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all Canadian Revolver Commitments equals the percentage of such Lenders and such Lenders Affiliates and branches: (1) U.S. Revolver
Commitment to the aggregate amount of all U.S. Revolver Commitments, and (2) U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, and (3) German
Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all German Revolver Commitments; 

(iii) the percentage of each German
Lenders German Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all German Revolver Commitments equals the percentage of such Lenders and such Lenders Affiliates and branches: (1) U.S. Revolver Commitment to the
aggregate amount of all U.S. Revolver Commitments, (2) U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, and (3) Canadian Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all Canadian Revolver
Commitments; and[reserved]; and

(iv) the percentage of each U.K./Dutch Lenders U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all U.K./Dutch
Revolver Commitments equals the percentage of such Lenders and such Lenders Affiliates and branches: (1) U.S. Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all U.S. Revolver Commitments, and (2) Canadian Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all
Canadian Revolver Commitments, and (3) German Revolver Commitment to the aggregate amount of all German Revolver Commitments. 

13.3.2. Effect; Effective Date. Upon delivery to Agent of an assignment notice in the
form of Exhibit C and a processing fee of $3,500 (unless otherwise agreed by Agent in its discretion), the assignment shall become effective as specified in the notice, if it complies with this Section 13.3. From such effective
date, the Eligible Assignee shall for all purposes be a Lender under the Loan Documents, and shall have all rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder. Upon consummation of an assignment, the transferor Lender, Agent and Borrowers shall make
appropriate arrangements for issuance of replacement and/or new Notes, as applicable. The transferee Lender shall comply with Section 5.10 and deliver, upon request, an administrative questionnaire satisfactory to Agent. 

13.3.3. Certain Assignees. No assignment or participation may be made to an Obligor, Affiliate of an Obligor, Defaulting Lender or
natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person). In connection with any assignment by a Defaulting Lender, such assignment shall be effective only upon
payment by the Eligible Assignee or Defaulting Lender to Agent of an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution (through direct 

220 

payment, purchases of participations or other compensating actions as Agent deems appropriate), (a) to satisfy all funding and payment liabilities then owing by the Defaulting Lender
hereunder, and (b) to acquire its Pro Rata share of all Loans and LC Obligations. If an assignment by a Defaulting Lender shall become effective under Requirements of Law for any reason without compliance with the foregoing sentence, then the
assignee shall be deemed a Defaulting Lender for all purposes until such compliance occurs. 

13.4 Replacement of Certain
Lenders. If a Lender (a) fails to give its consent to any amendment, waiver or action for which consent of all Lenders was required and Required Lenders consented, or (b) is a Defaulting Lender, then, in addition to any other
rights and remedies that any Person may have, Agent or Borrower Agent may, by notice to such Lender within 120 days after such event, either (i) terminate the Commitments of such Lender (and its Affiliates and branches) and repay all
outstanding Obligations of such Lender (and its Affiliates and branches), or (ii) require such Lender to assign all of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents to Eligible Assignee(s), pursuant to appropriate Assignment and
Acceptance(s), in each case, within 20 days after the notice. Agent is irrevocably appointed as attorney-in-fact to execute any such Assignment and Acceptance if the Lender fails to execute it. Such Lender shall be entitled to receive, in cash,
concurrently with such assignment, all amounts owed to it under the Loan Documents, including all principal, interest and fees through the date of assignment (but excluding any prepayment charge). 

SECTION 14. MISCELLANEOUS 

14.1
Consents, Amendments and Waivers. 

14.1.1. Amendment. No modification of any Loan Document, including any extension or
amendment of a Loan Document or any waiver of a Default or Event of Default, shall be effective without the prior written agreement of the Required Lenders or of Agent (with the consent of Required Lenders) and each Obligor party to such Loan
Document; provided, however, that 

(a) without the prior written consent of Agent, no modification shall be effective with
respect to any provision in a Loan Document that relates to any rights, duties or discretion of Agent; 

(b) without the prior written
consent of each affected Issuing Bank, no modification shall be effective with respect to any LC Obligations, Section 2.2, Section 2.3, Section 2.4, or any other provision in a Loan Document that relates to any rights,
duties or discretion of such affected Issuing Bank; 

(c) without the prior written consent of each affected Lender, including a Defaulting
Lender, no modification shall be effective that would (i) increase the Commitment of such Lender; (ii) reduce the amount of, or waive or delay payment of, any principal, interest or fees payable to such Lender (except as provided in
Section 4.2) (it being understood that no modification to any financial ratio or availability ratio or defined term as used therein shall be deemed to be a reduction of the amount of interest or fees payable to a Lender even if it has
such effect); (iii) extend the Commitment of such Lender, or (iv) amend this clause (c); 

(d) without the prior written consent
of all Lenders (except any Defaulting Lender), no modification shall be effective that would (i) extend the U.S. Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitment Termination Date, the Canadian Revolver Commitment
Termination Date, the German Revolver Commitment Termination Date or the Facility Termination Date,
(ii) alter Section 5.6, 7.1 (except to add Collateral), 12.5 or 14.1.1; (iii) amend the definition of Pro Rata, Supermajority Lenders, or Required Lenders; (iv) increase any advance rate; (v) release
Collateral with a book value greater than $10,000,000 during any calendar year, except as currently contemplated by the Loan Documents; or (vi) release any Borrower from liability for any Obligations, or any Guarantor(s) constituting a
substantial portion of the Loan Guaranty, in each case in this clause (vi), except as currently contemplated by the Loan Documents as of the Closing Date or as otherwise amended in accordance with this clause (d); 

221 

(e) without the prior written consent of the Supermajority Lenders, no modification shall be
effective that would amend (i) the definition of U.S. Borrowing Base (or any defined term used in such definition, including any defined term used therein) to the extent that any such amendment results in more credit being made available to
U.S. Borrowers, (ii) the Canadian Borrowing Base (or any defined term used in such definition, including any defined term used therein) to the extent that any such amendment results in more credit being made available to the Canadian Borrower,
(iii) the German Borrowing Base (or any defined term used in such definition, including any defined term used therein) to the extent that any such amendment
results in more credit being made available to the German Borrower[reserved], or (iv) the U.K./Dutch Borrowing Base (or any defined term used in such definition, including any defined term used therein) to the extent that any such amendment results in more credit being made available
to the U.K./Dutch Borrowers; 

(f) without the prior written consent of a Secured Bank Product Provider, no modification shall be
effective that affects its relative payment priority under Section 5.6; 

(g) without the prior written consent of all Lenders,
(i) the Obligations shall not be subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness for borrowed money, and (ii) Agent shall not agree to subordinate its Liens in the Collateral to any other Liens securing Indebtedness for borrowed
money except to the extent contemplated by Section 12.2.1 as of the Closing Date or as otherwise amended in accordance with this clause (g); 

(h) without the prior written consent of all: (i) U.S. Lenders, amend the definition of U.S. Required Lenders, (ii) Canadian Lenders,
amend the definition of Canadian Required Lenders, and
(iii) U.K./Dutch Lenders, amend the definition of U.K./Dutch Required Lenders, and (iv) German
Lenders, amend the definition of German Required Lenders; 

(i) if Real
Estate secures any Obligations, no modification of a Loan Document shall add, increase, renew or extend any credit line hereunder until the completion of flood diligence and documentation as required by all Flood Insurance Laws; and 

(j) to the extent any portions of Section 10.2.1 or 10.2.2 contemplate an intercreditor agreement satisfactory to Agent, the
Lenders hereby authorize Agent to enter into any such intercreditor agreement (and all amendments, amendment and restatements, modifications or other supplements thereto) in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. In
addition, each Lender authorizes Agent to enter into any amendments, amendment and restatements, modifications or other supplements to the Intercreditor Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to permit Parent and its
Restricted Subsidiaries to incur additional Indebtedness secured on a pari passu basis with the Indebtedness under the Term Loan Documents or on a junior basis to the Indebtedness under the Term Loan Documents, in each case, as permitted
under Section 10.2.1 or 10.2.2 of this Agreement. 

(k) notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no
Mortgage shall be executed and delivered with respect to any real property unless and until each Lender has received, at least twenty Business Days prior to such execution and delivery, a life of loan flood zone determination and such other
documents as it may reasonably request to complete its flood insurance due diligence and has confirmed to the Agent that flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance has been completed to its reasonable satisfaction (it being agreed
that any deadline set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document for the Borrower to execute and deliver such Mortgage shall be extended until each such Lender has provided such confirmation to Agent). 

222 

14.1.2. Limitations. The agreement of Obligors shall not be necessary to the
effectiveness of any modification of a Loan Document that deals solely with the rights and duties of Lenders, Agent and/or Issuing Banks as among themselves. Only the consent of the parties to the Fee Letters or any agreement relating to a Bank
Product shall be required for any modification of such agreement, and any non-Lender that is party to a Bank Product agreement shall have no right to participate in any manner in modification of any other Loan Document. Any waiver or consent granted
by Agent or Lenders hereunder shall be effective only if in writing and only for the matter specified. 

14.1.3. Payment for
Consents. No Obligor will, directly or indirectly, pay any remuneration or other thing of value, whether by way of additional interest, fee or otherwise, to any Lender (in its capacity as a Lender hereunder) as consideration for agreement by
such Lender with any modification of any Loan Documents, unless such remuneration or value is concurrently paid, on the same terms, on a Pro Rata basis to all Lenders providing their consent. 

14.2 Indemnity. EACH OBLIGOR SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE INDEMNITEES AGAINST ANY CLAIMS THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED
AGAINST ANY INDEMNITEE, INCLUDING CLAIMS ASSERTED BY ANY OBLIGOR OR OTHER PERSON OR ARISING FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OF AN INDEMNITEE. In no event shall any party to a Loan Document have any obligation thereunder to indemnify or hold harmless an
Indemnitee with respect to a Claim that is determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to result from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of, or material breach of its obligations under the
Loan Documents by, such Indemnitee. 

14.3 Notices and Communications. 

14.3.1. Notice Address. Subject to Section 4.1.4, all notices and other communications by or to a party hereto shall be in
writing and shall be given to any Obligor, at Borrower Agents address shown on the signature pages hereof or on Schedule 14.3, and to any other Person at its address shown on the signature pages hereof (or, in the case of a Person who
becomes a Lender after the Closing Date, at the address shown on its Assignment and Acceptance), or at such other address as a party may hereafter specify by notice in accordance with this Section 14.3. Each such notice or other
communication shall be effective only (a) if given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the applicable facsimile number, if confirmation of receipt is received; (b) if given by mail, three Business Days after deposit in the mail,
with first-class postage pre-paid, addressed to the applicable address; or (c) if given by personal delivery, when duly delivered to the notice address with receipt acknowledged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no notice to Agent pursuant to
Section 2.1.4, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.1.2, or 4.1.1 shall be effective until actually received by the individual to whose attention at Agent such notice is required to be sent. Any written notice or other communication that is not sent
in conformity with the foregoing provisions shall nevertheless be effective on the date actually received by the noticed party. Any notice received by Borrower Agent shall be deemed received by all Obligors. 

14.3.2. [Reserved]. 

14.3.3. Non-Conforming Communications. Agent and Lenders may rely upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of any Obligor even
if such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not confirmed, or if the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from a later confirmation. Each Obligor shall indemnify and hold harmless each
Indemnitee from any liabilities, losses, costs and expenses arising from any telephonic communication purportedly given by or on behalf of an Obligor. 

223 

14.4 Performance of Obligors Obligations. Agent may, in its discretion
at any time and from time to time, at the applicable Borrowers expense, pay any amount or do any act required of an Obligor under any Loan Documents or otherwise lawfully requested by Agent to (a) enforce any Loan Documents or collect any
Obligations; (b) protect, insure, maintain or realize upon any Collateral; or (c) defend or maintain the validity or priority of Agents Liens in any Collateral, including any payment of a judgment, insurance premium, warehouse
charge, finishing or processing charge, or landlord claim, or any discharge of a Lien. All documented payments and reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including Extraordinary Expenses) of Agent under this Section shall be reimbursed to
Agent by Borrowers, on demand, with interest from the date incurred to the date of payment thereof at the Default Rate applicable to U.S. Base Rate Revolver Loans. Any payment made or action taken by Agent under this Section shall be without
prejudice to any right to assert an Event of Default or to exercise any other rights or remedies under the Loan Documents. 

14.5
Credit Inquiries. Each Obligor hereby authorizes Agent and Lenders (but they shall have no obligation) to respond to usual and customary credit inquiries from third parties concerning any Obligor or Subsidiary. 

14.6 Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of the Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be valid
under Requirements of Law. If any provision is found to be invalid under Requirements of Law, it shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity and the remaining provisions of the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect.

14.7 Cumulative Effect; Conflict of Terms. The provisions of the Loan Documents are cumulative. The parties acknowledge that
the Loan Documents may use several limitations, tests or measurements to regulate similar matters, and they agree that these are cumulative and that each must be performed as provided. Except as otherwise provided in another Loan Document (by
specific reference to the applicable provision of this Agreement), if any provision contained herein is in direct conflict with any provision in another Loan Document, the provision herein shall govern and control. 

14.8 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication,
including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Obligors and each of the Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees that any Electronic
Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and
binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as
necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or
acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or
retention. Each of the Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the
ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same
legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything 

224 

contained herein to the contrary, neither the Agent nor any Issuing Bank or Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed
to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Agent and/or any Issuing Bank or Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Agent and each of the
Issuing Banks and Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Obligor and/or any Issuing Bank or Lender without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Agent or any
Issuing Bank or Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them,
respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Neither the Agent nor any Issuing Bank or Lender shall be
responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in
connection with the Agents or any Issuing Banks or Lenders reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Agent and each Issuing Bank and Lender shall be entitled to
rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution
or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the
Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

Each of the Obligors and each Issuing Bank and Lender hereby waives (i) any argument,
defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement and/or such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim
against the Agent and each Issuing Bank and Lender for any liabilities arising solely from the Agents and/or any Issuing Banks and/or Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a
result of the failure of the Obligors to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

14.9 Entire Agreement. Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. The Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 

14.10 Relationship with Lenders. The obligations of each Lender hereunder are several, and no Lender shall be responsible for the
obligations or Commitments of any other Lender. Amounts payable hereunder to each Lender shall be a separate and independent debt. It shall not be necessary for Agent or any other Lender to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purposes. Nothing in this Agreement and no action of Agent, Lenders or any other Secured Party pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise shall be deemed to constitute Agent and any Secured Party to be a partnership, association, joint venture or
any other kind of entity, nor to constitute control of any Obligor. 

14.11 Lender Loss Sharing Agreement. 

(a) Definitions. As used in this Section 14.11, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(i) CAM: the mechanism for the allocation and exchange of interests in the Loans, participations in Letters of Credit
and collections thereunder established under Section 14.11(b). 

225 

(ii) CAM Exchange: the exchange of the U.S. Lenders interests,
the U.K./Dutch Lenders interests, the German Lenders interests and the Canadian Lenders
interests provided for in Section 14.11(b). 

(iii) CAM Exchange Date: the first date after the
Closing Date on which there shall occur (a) any event described in Section 11.1(f) or Section 11.1(g) with respect to any Borrower, or (b) an acceleration of Loans and termination of the Commitments pursuant to
Section 11.2. 

(iv) CAM Percentage: as to each Lender, a fraction, (a) the numerator of which shall
be the aggregate amount of such Lenders Revolver Commitments immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date and the termination of the Revolver Commitments, and (b) the denominator of which shall be the amount of the Revolver Commitments of
all the Lenders immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date and the termination of the Revolver Commitments. 

(v)
Designated Obligations: all Obligations of the Borrowers with respect to (a) principal and interest under the U.S. Revolver Loans, U.K./Dutch Revolver Loans, Canadian Revolver Loans, German Revolver Loans, Overadvance Loans and Protective Advances, (b) unreimbursed drawings under Letters of
Credit and interest thereon, and (c) fees under Sections 3.2.1, 3.2.2(a), 3.2.3(a), and 3.2.4(a).

(vi) Revolver Facilities: the facility established under the U.S. Revolver Commitments, the U.K./Dutch Revolver
Commitments, the German Revolver Commitments, and the Canadian Revolver Commitments, and Revolver
Facility means any one of such Revolver Facilities. 

(b) CAM Exchange. 

(i) On the CAM Exchange Date, 

(A) the U.S. Revolver Commitments, the U.K./Dutch Revolver Commitments, the German Revolver Commitments, and the Canadian Revolver Commitments shall have terminated in accordance with
Section 11.2, 

(B) each U.S. Lender shall fund its participation in any outstanding Protective Advances
in accordance with Section 2.1.6, each U.K./Dutch Lender shall fund its participation in any outstanding Protective Advances in accordance with Section 2.1.6, each German Lender shall fund its participation in any outstanding Protective Advances in accordance with Section 2.1.6, and each Canadian Lender shall fund its participation in any outstanding Protective Advances in accordance with Section 2.1.6, 

(C) each U.S. Lender shall fund its participation in any unreimbursed drawings made under the applicable Letters of Credit
pursuant to Section 2.3.2(b), each Canadian Lender shall fund its participation in any unreimbursed drawings made under the applicable Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.4.2(b), each German Lender shall fund its participation in any unreimbursed drawings made under the applicable Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.5.2(b),
and each U.K./Dutch Lender shall fund its participation in any unreimbursed drawings made under the applicable Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.2.2(b), and 

226 

(D) the Lenders shall purchase at par interests (in Dollars) in the
Designated Obligations under each Revolver Facility (and shall make payments to Agent for reallocation to other Lenders to the extent necessary to give effect to such purchases) and shall assume the obligations to reimburse the applicable Issuing
Bank for unreimbursed drawings under outstanding Letters of Credit under such Revolver Facility such that, in lieu of the interests of each Lender in the Designated Obligations under the U.S. Revolver Commitments, the U.K./Dutch Revolver
Commitments, the German Revolver Commitments, and the Canadian Revolver Commitments in which it shall
participate immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date, such Lender shall own an interest equal to such Lenders CAM Percentage in each component of the Designated Obligations immediately following the CAM Exchange. 

(ii) Each Lender and each Person acquiring a participation from any Lender as contemplated by Section 13.2 hereby
consents and agrees to the CAM Exchange. Each Borrower agrees from time to time to execute and deliver to Lenders all such promissory notes and other instruments and documents as Agent shall reasonably request to evidence and confirm the respective
interests and obligations of Lenders after giving effect to the CAM Exchange, and each Lender agrees to surrender any promissory notes originally received by it in connection with its Loans under this Agreement to Agent against delivery of any
promissory notes so executed and delivered; provided that the failure of any Lender to deliver or accept any such promissory note, instrument or document shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the CAM Exchange. 

(iii) As a result of the CAM Exchange, from and after the CAM Exchange Date, each payment received by Agent pursuant to any
Loan Document in respect of any of the Designated Obligations shall be distributed to Lenders, pro rata in accordance with their respective CAM Percentages. 

(iv) In the event that on or after the CAM Exchange Date, the aggregate amount of the Designated Obligations shall change as a
result of the making of a disbursement under a Letter of Credit by any Issuing Bank that is not reimbursed by the applicable Borrowers, then each Lender shall promptly reimburse such Issuing Bank for its CAM Percentage of such unreimbursed payment.

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 14.11, Agent and each Lender agree that if Agent or a Lender is
required under Requirements of Law to withhold or deduct any taxes or other amounts from payments made by it hereunder or as a result hereof, such Person shall be entitled to withhold or deduct such amounts and pay over such taxes or other amounts
to the applicable Governmental Authority imposing such tax without any obligation to indemnify Agent or any Lender with respect to such amounts and without any other obligation of gross up or offset with respect thereto and there shall be no
recourse whatsoever by Agent or any Lender subject to such withholding to Agent or any other Lender making such withholding and paying over such amounts, but without diminution of the rights of Agent or such Lender subject to such withholding as
against Borrowers and the other Obligors to the extent (if any) provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any amounts so withheld or deducted shall be treated as, for the purpose of this Section 14.11, having been paid to
Agent or such Lender with respect to which such withholding or deduction was made. 

14.12 No Advisory or Fiduciary
Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated by any Loan Document, Obligors acknowledge and agree that (a)(i) this credit facility and any related arranging or other services by Agent, any Lender, any of
their Affiliates or any arranger are arms-length commercial transactions between Obligors and such Person; (ii) Obligors have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed

227 

appropriate; and (iii) Obligors are capable of evaluating, and understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents; (b) each of
Agent, Lenders, their Affiliates and any arranger is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for
Obligors, any of their Affiliates or any other Person, and has no obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents except as expressly set forth therein; and (c) Agent, Lenders, their Affiliates and any arranger
may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of Obligors and their Affiliates, and have no obligation to disclose any of such interests to Obligors or their Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted
by Requirements of Law, each Obligor hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against Agent, Lenders, their Affiliates and any arranger with respect to any breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any transaction
contemplated by a Loan Document. 

14.13 Confidentiality. Each of Agent, Lenders and Issuing Banks shall maintain the
confidentiality of all Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, and to its and their partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (provided such Persons
are informed of the confidential nature of the Information and instructed to keep it confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it or its
Affiliates (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to
the extent permitted by law, (x) inform the Parent promptly in advance thereof and (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment); (c) to the extent required by
Requirements of Law or by any subpoena or other legal process, including the disclosure of any Information or other matter to the extent that preventing that disclosure would otherwise cause any transaction contemplated by the Loan Documents or any
transaction carried out in connection with any transaction contemplated by the Loan Documents to become an arrangement described in Part II A 1 of Annex IV of Directive 2011/16/EU (in which case such Person shall (x) to the extent permitted by
law, inform the Parent promptly in advance thereof and (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment); (d) to any other party hereto; (e) in connection with
any action or proceeding, or other exercise of rights or remedies, relating to any Loan Documents or Obligations; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as this Section, to any Transferee or any actual or
prospective party (or its advisors) to any Bank Product; (g) with the consent of Borrower Agent; or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) is
available to Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any of their Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Obligors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent and Lenders may publish or disseminate general information describing this
credit facility, including the names and addresses of Obligors and a general description of Obligors businesses, and may use Obligors logos, trademarks or product photographs in advertising materials. As used herein,
Information means all information received from an Obligor or Subsidiary relating to it or its business. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to have complied
if it exercises the same degree of care that it accords its own confidential information. Each of Agent, Lenders and Issuing Banks acknowledges that (i) Information may include material non-public information concerning an Obligor or Subsidiary
or their respective securities; (ii) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information; and (iii) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Requirements of Law,
including federal, state, provincial and territorial securities laws. 

14.14 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES (BUT GIVING EFFECT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK
GENERAL OBLIGATION LAW AND FEDERAL LAWS RELATING TO NATIONAL BANKS). 

228 

14.15 Consent to Forum; Judicial Reference; Bail-In
of Affected Financial Institutions. 

14.15.1. Forum. EACH OBLIGOR HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT SITTING IN OR WITH JURISDICTION OVER NEW YORK, NEW YORK, IN ANY PROCEEDING OR DISPUTE RELATING IN ANY WAY TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH PROCEEDING SHALL BE BROUGHT BY IT SOLELY IN ANY SUCH
COURT. EACH OBLIGOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL CLAIMS, OBJECTIONS AND DEFENSES THAT IT MAY HAVE REGARDING SUCH COURTS PERSONAL OR SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, VENUE OR INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF
PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 14.3.1. Nothing herein shall limit the right of Agent or any Lender to bring proceedings against any Obligor in any other court, nor limit the right of any party to serve process in any other
manner permitted by Requirements of Law. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to preclude enforcement by Agent of any judgment or order obtained in any forum or jurisdiction.

14.15.2. Judicial Reference. If any controversy or claim among the parties relating in any way to any Obligations or Loan Documents,
including any alleged tort, shall be pending before any court sitting in or with jurisdiction over California or applying California law, then at the request of any party such proceeding shall be referred by the court to a referee (who shall be an
active or retired judge) to hear and determine all issues in such proceeding (whether of fact or law) and to report a statement of decision for adoption by the court. Nothing in this Section shall limit any right of Agent or any other Secured Party
to exercise self-help remedies, such as setoff, foreclosure or sale of any Collateral, or to obtain provisional or ancillary remedies from a court of competent jurisdiction before, during or after any judicial reference. The exercise of a remedy
does not waive the right of any party to resort to judicial reference. At Agents option and subject to applicable law, foreclosure under a mortgage or deed of trust may be accomplished either by exercise of power of sale thereunder or by
judicial foreclosure. 

14.15.3. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties, each party hereto (including each Secured Party) acknowledges that, with respect to any Secured Party that is an Affected Financial
Institution, any unsecured liability of such Secured Party arising under a Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority, and each party hereto agrees and consents to, and acknowledges
and agrees to be bound by, (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liability which may be payable to it by such Secured Party; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In
Action on any such liability, including (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent, or a bridge institution that may be issued to the party or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under any Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers. 

229 

14.16 Waivers. To the fullest extent permitted by Requirements of Law,
(x) each Obligor waives (a) the right to trial by jury (which Agent and each Lender hereby also waives) in any proceeding or dispute of any kind relating in any way to any Loan Documents, Obligations or Collateral; (b) presentment,
demand, protest, notice of presentment, default, non-payment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any commercial paper, accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper and guaranties at any time held by Agent on which
an Obligor may in any way be liable, and hereby ratifies anything Agent may do in this regard; (c) notice prior to taking possession or control of any Collateral; (d) any bond or security that might be required by a court prior to allowing
Agent to exercise any rights or remedies; (e) the benefit of all valuation, appraisement and exemption laws; (f) [reserved]; and (g) notice of acceptance hereof, and (y) each party hereto waives any claim against any other party
hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) in any way relating to any Enforcement Action, Obligations, Loan Documents or transactions relating
thereto except, in the case of any third party claim for which indemnification is sought by any Indemnitee against any Obligor, to the extent such damages would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 14.2.
Each Obligor acknowledges that the foregoing waivers are a material inducement to Agent, Issuing Banks and Lenders entering into this Agreement and that they are relying upon the foregoing in their dealings with Obligors. Each Obligor has reviewed
the foregoing waivers with its legal counsel and has knowingly and voluntarily waived its jury trial and other rights following consultation with legal counsel. In the event of litigation, this Agreement may be filed as a written consent to a trial
by the court. 

14.17 Patriot Act and AML Legislation Notice. Agent and Lenders hereby notify Obligors that pursuant to the
requirements of the Patriot Act, the Proceeds of Crime Act and other applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know your client policies, regulations, laws or rules (the Proceeds of Crime Act and
such other applicable policies, regulations, laws or rules, collectively, including any guidelines or orders thereunder, AML Legislation), Agent and Lenders are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies
each Obligor, including its legal name, address, tax ID number and other information that will allow Agent and Lenders to identify it in accordance with the Patriot Act and the AML Legislation. Agent and Lenders will also require information
regarding each personal guarantor, if any, and may require information regarding Obligors management and owners, such as legal name, address, social security number and date of birth. Each Obligor shall promptly provide all such information,
including supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be reasonably requested by Agent, Issuing Bank, any Lender or any prospective assignee or participant of a Lender, in order to comply with any know your customer, anti-money laundering rules and regulations, or other Requirements of Law, including the Patriot Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and/or the applicable AML Legislation, whether now or hereafter in existence.

14.18 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation. If the Agent has ascertained the identity of any Canadian Facility Obligor
or any authorized signatories of any Canadian Facility Obligor for the purposes of applicable AML Legislation, then the Agent: (a) shall be deemed to have done so as an agent for each Canadian Lender, and this Agreement shall constitute a
written agreement in such regard between each Canadian Lender and the Agent within the meaning of the applicable AML Legislation; and (b) shall provide to each Canadian Lender copies of all information obtained in such regard
without any representation or warranty as to its accuracy or completeness. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence and except as may otherwise be agreed in writing, each of the Canadian Lenders agrees that Agent has no obligation to ascertain the
identity of the Canadian Facility Obligors or any authorized signatories of the Canadian Facility Obligors on behalf of any Canadian Lender, or to confirm the completeness or accuracy of any information it obtains from any Canadian Facility Obligor
or any such authorized signatory in doing so. 

230 

14.19 Parallel Debt Undertaking. 

14.19.1. The parallel debt undertaking created hereunder (Parallel Debt Undertaking) is constituted in order to secure the
prompt and complete satisfaction of any of the respective German
Domiciled Obligors German Facility Obligations and/or the Dutch Domiciled
Obligors U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. The Parallel Debt Undertaking shall also cover any future extension, prolongation, increase or novation of the
German Facility Obligations and the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations. 

14.19.2. For the purposes of taking and ensuring the continuing validity of security under those security documents subject to the laws of (or
to the extent affecting assets situated in) Germany, the Netherlands and such other jurisdictions as the Secured Parties and the Obligors (each acting reasonably) agree, notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement: 

(a) each Obligor undertakes (such undertakings, the Parallel Obligations) to pay to the Agent amounts equal to all present
and future amounts owing by it to the Secured Parties under the Loan Documents (Original Obligations); 

(b) the Agent
shall have its own independent right to demand and receive payment under the Parallel Obligations; 

(c) the Parallel Obligations shall,
subject to clause (d) below, not limit or affect the existence of the Original Obligations for which the Secured Parties shall have an independent right to demand payment; 

(d) notwithstanding clauses (b) and (c) above, payment by the Obligor of its Parallel Obligations shall to the same extent decrease
and be a good discharge of the corresponding Original Obligations owing to the relevant Secured Parties and payment by an Obligor of its Original Obligations to the relevant Secured Parties shall to the same extent decrease and be a good discharge
of the Parallel Obligations owing by it to the Agent; 

(e) the Parallel Obligations are owed to the Agent in its own name on behalf of
itself and not as agent or representative of any other person nor as trustee; 

(f) without limiting or affecting the Agents right to
protect, preserve or enforce its rights under any Loan Document, the Agent undertakes to each of the Secured Parties not to exercise its rights in respect of the Parallel Obligations without the consent of the relevant Secured Parties; and 

(g) the Agent shall distribute any amount so received to the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as if such amounts
had been received in respect of the Original Obligations. 

14.19.3. Upon complete and irrevocable satisfaction of the German Facility Obligations and the U.K./Dutch Facility Obligations, the Agent shall without undue delay at the
cost and expense of the Obligors release the Parallel Debt Undertaking. 

14.20 Reinstatement. This Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against any Obligor for liquidation or reorganization, should any Obligor become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a
receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of such Obligors assets, and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations, or any part thereof,
is, pursuant to Requirements of Law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of the Obligations, whether as a voidable preference, fraudulent conveyance or otherwise, all as
though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so
rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. 

231 

14.21 Nonliability of Lenders. Neither the Agent, any Issuing Bank nor any
Lender undertakes any responsibility to any Obligor to review or inform any Obligor of any matter in connection with any phase of any Obligors business or operations. Each Obligor agrees, on behalf of itself and each other Obligor, that
neither the Agent, any Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall have liability to any Obligor (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by any Obligor in connection with, arising out of or in any way related to any of the
transactions contemplated and the relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that
such losses resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought or a breach of obligations under this Agreement by the party from which recovery is sought. NEITHER THE AGENT NOR ANY
LENDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE BY OTHERS OF ANY INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS OBTAINED THROUGH INTRALINKS OR OTHER SIMILAR INFORMATION TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

14.22 Know Your Customer. Nothing in this Agreement shall oblige the Agent to carry out any know your customer
or other checks in relation to any person on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Agent that it is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such
checks made by the Agent.

14.23 Amendment and Restatement.

14.23.1. This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and, upon the effectiveness of this
Agreement, the terms and provisions of the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement shall, subject to Section 14.23.3, be superseded hereby. 

14.23.2. Notwithstanding the amendment and restatement of the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement by this Agreement, all of the
Obligations under the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement which remain outstanding as of the date hereof, shall constitute Obligations owing hereunder. This Agreement is given in substitution for the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan
Agreement, and not as payment of the Obligations of the Borrowers thereunder, and is in no way intended to constitute a novation of the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. 

14.23.3. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to the Fourth Amended and Restated
Loan Agreement in any of the Loan Documents and in each document, instrument or agreement executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement. Except as expressly modified as of the Closing Date, all of
the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all security interests, pledges, assignments and other Liens and Guarantees previously granted by
any Obligor pursuant to the Loan Documents executed and delivered in connection with the Original Loan Agreement, the Original Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, the Third Amended and Restated
Loan Agreement, or the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement are hereby reaffirmed, ratified, renewed and continued, and all such security interests, pledges, assignments and other Liens and Guarantees shall remain in full force and effect as
security for the Obligations on and after the Closing Date. 

14.24 Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the priority of the Lien and security interest granted to the Agent pursuant to any Loan Document and the exercise of any right or remedy in respect of the Collateral by the Agent (or any Secured Party) hereunder or under any other
Loan Document are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and any other intercreditor agreement entered into by Agent in accordance with Section 14.1.1(j) (each, an Additional 

232 

Intercreditor Agreement) and in the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or any Additional Intercreditor Agreement and any Loan Document, the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement or such Additional Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, prior to the Discharge of Term Loan Obligations (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or any
comparable definition in any Additional Intercreditor Agreement, (i) the delivery or granting of control (as defined in the UCC) to the extent only one Person can be granted control therein under applicable law of any
Term Loan Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or any comparable definition in any Additional Intercreditor Agreement by the Term Loan Collateral Agent or other term agent under any Additional Intercreditor Agreement pursuant to
the terms of the Term Loan Collateral Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or any comparable definition in any Additional Intercreditor Agreement shall satisfy any such control requirement hereunder or under any other
Loan Document with respect to any Term Loan Collateral or any comparable definition in any Additional Intercreditor Agreement to the extent that such control is consistent with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or such Additional
Intercreditor Agreement, and (ii) the possession of any Term Loan Collateral (or any comparable definition in any Additional Intercreditor Agreement) by the Term Loan Collateral Agent or other term agent under any Additional Intercreditor
Agreement pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Collateral Documents (or any comparable definition in any Additional Intercreditor Agreement) shall satisfy any such possession requirement hereunder or under any other Loan Document with respect to
Term Loan Collateral (or any comparable definition in any Additional Intercreditor Agreement) to the extent that such possession is consistent with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement or such Additional Intercreditor Agreement. 

14.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or
otherwise, for any Swap or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the
resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the
State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States). 

14.25.1. Covered Party. If a Covered Entity
that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and
obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective
under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. If a Covered Party
or BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised
against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes if the Supported QFC and Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United
States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with
respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

233 

14.25.2. Definitions. As used in this Section, (a) BHC Act
Affiliate means an affiliate, as defined in and interpreted in accordance with 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (b) Default Right has the meaning assigned in and interpreted in accordance with 12 C.F.R.
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and (c) QFC means a qualified financial contract, as defined in and interpreted in accordance with 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

14.26 Release of Obligors. Notwithstanding anything in Section 14.1.1 to the contrary, (a) any Obligor (other than a
Borrower, but including the German
BorrowerJW Germany upon the consummation of the JW
Sale; provided that (x) any outstanding German Revolver Loans and any amounts owing by the German BorrowerJW Germany for any drawings under German Letters of Credit shall have
been repaid, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, and (y) any issued but undrawn German Letters of Credit shall have been terminated (or otherwise backstopped or cash collateralized in a manner satisfactory to the applicable
German Issuing Bank)) shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (and its Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released) upon the consummation of any permitted transaction or series of related
transactions if as a result thereof such Obligor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or is or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder) and (b) any obligor (other
than a Borrower) that qualifies as an Excluded Subsidiary shall be released by the Agent promptly following the request therefor by the Parent; provided, that the release of any Obligor under clause (a) from its obligations under
the Loan Documents (including its Loan Guaranty) if such Obligor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof shall only be permitted if such Obligor did not become an Excluded Subsidiary of the
type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof as a result of (A) a transfer of its equity interests to any Affiliate of the Parent for a non-bona fide business purpose for less than fair market value or (B) a non-bona fide
transaction the primary purpose of which was to cause such entity to become a non-wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent in order to release it from the Loan Documents (or its Loan Guaranty). In connection with any such release, Agent shall promptly
execute and deliver to the relevant Obligor, at such Obligors expense, all documents that such Obligor shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. The execution and delivery of any document pursuant to the preceding sentence
of this Section 14.26 shall be without recourse to or warranty by Agent (other than as to Agents authority to execute and deliver such documents). 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature pages intentionally omitted] 

234
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d948334dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Topgolf Callaway Brands Announces Agreement to Sell Jack Wolfskin to ANTA Sports 

(CARLSBAD, Calif.) April 10, 2025 Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. (NYSE: MODG) (Topgolf Callaway Brands or
the Company) announced that it has entered into an agreement to sell its Jack Wolfskin business to ANTA Sports for a base price of $290 million in cash, subject to net working capital and other customary adjustments. The transaction
is expected to close in the late second quarter or early third quarter of 2025 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of certain regulatory approvals. 

I am pleased to announce we have reached an agreement to sell the Jack Wolfskin business to ANTA Sports, a global leader in sports apparel and
footwear, commented Chip Brewer, President and CEO of Topgolf Callaway Brands. This sale will allow us to increase our focus and optimize our resources on our core business. Importantly, the proceeds will further enhance our balance
sheet and liquidity, reinforcing our financial flexibility ahead of our planned separation of Topgolf from our core operations. We believe ANTA Sports will be a good steward of the iconic Jack Wolfskin brand and we thank our Jack Wolfskin employees
who have worked diligently to right-size this business and prepare it for this next chapter. 

Although the
Company is not updating its financial guidance at this time, embedded in its February 24, 2025 full year guidance was an estimate for its Jack Wolfskin business of approximately Euro 325 million in revenue and Euro 12 million of
Adjusted EBITDA. Given the typical seasonality of the Jack Wolfskin business, this full year estimate is comprised of approximately (a) Euro 115 million in revenue and a loss of Euro 18 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of
2025 and (b) Euro 210 million in revenue and Euro 30 million of Adjusted EBITDA in the second half of 2025. 

Advisors 

Goldman Sachs is serving as the Companys financial advisor and Latham & Watkins LLP is its legal advisor. 

About Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. 

Topgolf Callaway
Brands Corp. (NYSE: MODG) is an unrivaled tech-enabled Modern Golf and active lifestyle company delivering leading golf equipment, apparel, and entertainment, with a portfolio of global brands including Topgolf, Callaway Golf, TravisMathew, Odyssey
and OGIO and Jack Wolfskin. Modern Golf is the dynamic and inclusive ecosystem that includes both on-course and off-course golf. For more information, please
visit https://www.topgolfcallawaybrands.com. 

Investor/Media Contact 

Katina Metzidakis 

invrelations@tcbrands.com 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements used in this press release that relate to future plans, events, financial results, performance, prospects, or growth opportunities, including
statements relating to the proposed sale of Jack Wolfskin, the timing and expected proceeds thereof, the satisfaction of closing conditions, our balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility after completing the sale of Jack Wolfskin, expected
financial results of the Company and Jack Wolfskin, including revenues and Adjusted EBITDA, the planned separation of Topgolf from our core operations, and statements of belief and any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are
forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words believe, expect, estimate, could, would, should, intend,
may, plan, seek, anticipate, project and similar expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statements were made and are
not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based upon current information and expectations. Accurately estimating the forward-looking statements is based upon various risks and unknowns, including the risk that the Jack Wolfskin
transaction may not close on the terms or timing described herein, or at all; our ability to successfully execute our other planned and potential transactions, including our planned separation of Topgolf, and the potential to realize the expected
benefits of such transactions on the expected timeframes or at all; and our ability to satisfy the closing conditions to complete the Jack Wolfskin transaction or the planned Topgolf separation on a timely basis, or at all. Actual results may differ
materially from those estimated or anticipated as a result of these risks and unknowns or other risks and uncertainties. For additional information concerning these and other risks and uncertainties that could affect these statements and the
Companys business, see the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 as well as other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Companys
reports on Forms 10-K,10-Q and 8-K subsequently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Non-GAAP Information 

The Company provides Adjusted EBITDA to assist with period-over-period comparisons on a consistent and comparable basis. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure within the meaning set forth in Regulation G and should not be considered as a substitute for any measure derived in accordance with GAAP. For forward-looking Adjusted EBITDA, a
reconciliation to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, is not provided because the Company is unable to provide such a reconciliation without unreasonable efforts. The inability to provide a reconciliation is because the Company is
currently unable to predict with a reasonable degree of certainty the type and extent of certain items that would be expected to impact net income in the future, but would not impact Adjusted EBITDA. These items may include, among other things,
certain non-cash depreciation and amortization, which fluctuates, based on the Companys level of capital expenditures; interest expense, which varies based upon the amount of borrowing to fund the Jack
Wolfskin business; and income taxes, which can fluctuate based on changes in forecast, transfer pricing and level of income.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>modg-20250409.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>modg-20250409_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>modg-20250409_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000837465

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 09, 2025

Entity Registrant Name TOPGOLF CALLAWAY BRANDS CORP.

Entity File Number 1-10962

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-3797580

Entity Address, Address Line One 2180 RUTHERFORD ROAD

Entity Address, City or Town CARLSBAD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92008-7328

City Area Code (760)

Local Phone Number 931-1771

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol MODG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.callawaygolf.com//20250409/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d948334d8k.htm 
modg-20250409.xsd 
modg-20250409_lab.xml 
modg-20250409_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-078003-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d948334d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000837465 

2025-04-09 
2025-04-09 

DE 
CA 
false 
0000837465 
8-K 
2025-04-09 
TOPGOLF CALLAWAY BRANDS CORP. 
1-10962 
95-3797580 
2180 RUTHERFORD ROAD 
CARLSBAD 
92008-7328 
(760) 
931-1771 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
MODG 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>