<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001079973-25-000460.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001079973-25-000460.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325060510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-25-000460
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oncology Institute, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001799191
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				843562323
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39248
		FILM NUMBER:		25765627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18000 STUDEBAKER RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CERRITOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		562-735-3226

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18000 STUDEBAKER RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CERRITOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DFP HEALTHCARE ACQUISITIONS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>toi_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Current Report

false--12-31000179919100017991912025-03-242025-03-240001799191TOI:CommonStockParValue0.0001Member2025-03-242025-03-240001799191TOI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-242025-03-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

___________________________________

Form 8-K

__________________________________________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported) March 24,
2025

___________________________________

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

___________________________________

Delaware 001-39248 84-3562323

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

18000 Studebaker Road, Suite 800, Cerritos, CA 90703

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (562)735-3226

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 TOI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share TOIIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. .

Item 1.01.
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On March 24, 2025, The Oncology Institute, Inc.
(the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain investors
(the Purchasers), including existing investors, as well as members of the Companys management team and board of directors,
and entities affiliates with members of the Companys board of directors. The Purchase Agreement provides for the sale and issuance
by the Company of an aggregate of: (i) 12,006,510 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Common Stock), (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate
of 2,886,614 shares of Common Stock and (iii) accompanying common warrants (the Common Warrants, together with the Pre-Funded
Warrants, the Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 7,446,562 shares of Common Stock (collectively, the Private
Placement). The price per unit of two Shares and an accompanying Common Warrant is $2.2084 and the combined price of two Pre-Funded
Warrants and an accompanying Common Warrant is $2.2082. The closing of the Private Placement is expected to occur on about March 26, 2025
(the Closing). The Shares and Warrants are collectively referred to herein as the Securities.

Each Common Warrant has an exercise price per
share of Common Stock of $1.1980, will become exercisable on March 26, 2025, and will expire on March 26, 2030. Each Pre-Funded Warrant
has a nominal exercise price per share of $0.0001, is immediately exercisable on the date of issuance and will remain exercisable until
exercised in full. A Purchaser (together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of a Pre-Funded Warrant or Common Warrant to
the extent that the Purchaser would beneficially own more than 4.9% (or, upon election by the Purchaser prior to the issuance of such
Pre-Funded Warrant and Common Warrant, as applicable, either 4.99%, 9.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to or after giving effect to such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with Section 13(d)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).

The exercise price and the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each Pre-Funded Warrant and Common Warrant will be subject to appropriate adjustment in the
event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the
Common Stock.

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company
from the Private Placement will be approximately $16.5 million, before deducting the placement agents fees and other offering expenses
and excluding any proceeds the Company may receive upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants. The Company intends to
use the proceeds from the Private Placement to support organic growth and working capital needs.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company
has agreed not to issue any shares of Common Stock of Common Stock equivalents, subject to certain exceptions, until the earlier of (i)
the business day immediately following the date the Registration Statement (as defined below) is deemed effective by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) and (ii) 45 days after the Closing.

The Purchase Agreement also contains customary
representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company
and the Purchasers, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions.

The foregoing summaries of the Private Placement,
the Securities issued in connection therewith and the Purchase Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the definitive transaction documents. Copies of the forms of the Pre-Funded Warrant and Common Warrant and the Purchase
Agreement are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 10.1, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Exchange Agreement

In connection with the Private Placement,
the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with certain investment funds affiliated with Deerfield
Management Company, L.P., an existing investor, (collectively, the Deerfield Parties), pursuant to which the Deerfield Parties
have agreed to exchange an aggregate of approximately $4.1 million aggregate principal amount of the Companys senior secured convertible
notes held by the Deerfield Parties in exchange for an aggregate of 37,232.83 shares of the Companys Series A Common Equivalent
Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock), convertible into an aggregate of 3,723,283 shares of Common Stock, and
Common Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 1,861,642 shares of Common Stock, based upon the prices being paid by the Purchasers of
Common Stock in the Private Placement (the Exchange).

Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible
into 100 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment) at the option of the holder thereof and, in limited circumstances, at the election
of the Company, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation described below. Each share of Preferred Stock is entitled to a de minimis
liquidation preference of $0.0001 per share. The Preferred Stock does not have any voting rights (except in certain circumstances related
to the Preferred Stock). The terms of the Preferred Stock otherwise are substantially equivalent to the terms of the Common Stock. The
ability of a holder to convert Preferred Stock into Common Stock is prohibited to the extent that, upon such conversion, such holder,
its affiliates and other persons whose ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with that of such holder for purposes of Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), would exceed 4.9% of the total number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding.

The Company and the Deerfield Parties entered
into the Exchange Agreement pursuant to the exercise of the Deerfield Parties participation right under the Limited Consent and
Amendment No. 1 to Facility Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, among the Company, the other loan parties party thereto, and the
Deerfield Parties.

The foregoing summary of the Exchange and the
Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in their entirety by reference to the Exchange Agreement and form
of Common Warrant to be acquired by the Deerfield Parties (the Deerfield Common Warrant), the form of which is substantially
the same as the form of Common Warrant. Copies of the form of Deerfield Common Warrant and the Exchange Agreement are attached hereto
as Exhibits 4.2 and 10.2, respectively and are incorporated herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreements 

In connection with the Private Placement, the
Company agreed to enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with the Purchasers and
Deerfield at the Closing in the form attached to the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, among other things,
the Company will file a resale registration statement (the Registration Statement) with the SEC no later than 45 days after
the Closing to register the resale of the Shares and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company will
use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC within certain timeframes set
forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. The Company will also, among other things, indemnify the Purchasers and Deerfield, their members,
directors, officers, partners, employees, managers, agents, representatives and advisors from certain liabilities and pay registration
and filing fee expenses incurred in connection with registrations pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.

The foregoing summary of the Registration Rights
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement. A copy of
the form of the Registration Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

To the extent required by Item 3.02 of Form
8-K, the information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.

The offer and sale of the Securities, the shares
of Preferred Stock and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants and shares of Preferred Stock have not been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Company issued the Securities and shares of Preferred Stock
in reliance on exemptions from registration provided for under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D, or
in the case of the Exchange Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, promulgated thereunder. The Company relied on these exemptions from
registration for based in part on the representations made by the Purchasers, including the representations with respect to each Purchasers
status as an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act, and each Purchasers investment
intent.

Item 3.03.
Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

To the extent required by Item 3.03 of Form
8-K, the information contained in Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.03.

Item 5.03.
Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 24, 2025, the Company filed an amendment
to Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Certificate of Designation and such amendment, the Amendment to Certificate of Designation)
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in connection with the Exchange, effective on March 24, 2025. The Amendment
to Certificate of Designation increased the number of shares of Preferred Stock to 213,000. Prior to filing the Amendment
to Certificate of Designation, on March 24, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Correction (the Certificate of Correction)
to the Certificate of Designation to correct an administrative error.

The foregoing descriptions of the Correction to Certificate
of Designation and Amendment to Certificate of Designation are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their
entirety by reference to the Correction to Certificate of Designation and the Amendment to Certificate of Designation,
copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01.
Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 24, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the Private Placement and the Exchange, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

The information contained in this Item 7.01,
including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act,
or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and such information shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
any of the Companys filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Forward- Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes certain
statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United
States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as preliminary,
believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate,
intend, expect, should, would, plan, project, predict,
potential, guidance, approximately, seem, seek, future,
outlook, and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical
matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the completion, timing, size, expected
proceeds and the use of proceeds from the Private Placement and the Exchange, including expected proceeds from the exercise of the common
warrants and uses of such proceeds, expectations regarding timing of profitability and potential demand for our care model and other financial
and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity and expectations that are not historical fact. These statements are based
on various assumptions and on the current expectations of TOI and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements
are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by anyone as, a guarantee, an
assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible
to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of TOI. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, the outcome of judicial and administrative proceedings to which TOI may
become a party or investigations to which TOI may become or is subject that could interrupt or limit TOIs operations, result in
adverse judgments, settlements or fines and create negative publicity; changes in TOIs patient or payors' preferences, prospects
and the competitive conditions prevailing in the healthcare sector; failure to address the need to meet stock exchange continued listing
standards and the possibility that the Company may have to effect a reverse stock split; the impact of COVID-19 on TOIs business;
those factors discussed in the documents of TOI filed, or to be filed, with the SEC, including the Item 1A. "Risk Factors" section
of TOI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024 and any subsequent Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ
materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that TOI currently is evaluating
or does not presently know or that TOI currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect TOIs plans or forecasts of future events and
views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. TOI anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause TOIs
assessments to change. TOI does not undertake any obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as representing TOIs assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report
on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock.

3.2 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock.

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant.

4.2 Form of Common Warrant.

4.3 Form of Deerfield Common Warrant.

10.1* Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 24, 2025, by and among the Company and the Purchasers.

10.2 Exchange Agreement, dated March 24, 2025, by and among the Company and the Deerfield Parties

10.3 Form of Registration Rights Agreement.

99.1 Press Release, dated March 24, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Exhibits marked with a (*) exclude certain
portions of the exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. A copy of the omitted portions will be furnished to the SEC
upon request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 25, 2025 THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

By: /s/ Mark Hueppelsheuser

Mark Hueppelsheuser

General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION TO CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF SERIES A COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENT CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

STATE OF
DELAWARE

CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION

TO

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS
AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES A COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENT CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK

OF

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

The Oncology Institute,
Inc. (formerly known as DFP Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

1. The name of the corporation is The Oncology Institute, Inc. (the Corporation).

2. That a Certificate of Designation (the Certificate)
was filed by the Corporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 12, 2021 and the Certificate requires a correction as
permitted by Section 103 of the DGCL.

3. The inaccuracy or defect of the Certificate is that the future effective
date of the Certificate was unintentionally omitted due to administrative error.

4. The introductory paragraph of the Certificate is hereby amended to include the following: 

DFP HEALTHCARE
ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), does hereby certify that, in accordance with Section 151 of the DGCL, the
following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) on November 12, 2021 and
shall be effective as of 3:20 PM Eastern Standard Time on November 12, 2021. 

(signature
page follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused this Certificate of Correction to be executed by the undersigned duly authorized officer on this 24th day of March,
2025.

THE
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

By: /s/
Daniel Virnich 

Name: Daniel Virnich 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3x2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF SERIES A COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENT CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

OF

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND
LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES A COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENT CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
STOCK

OF

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

The Oncology Institute,
Inc. (the Company), organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
does hereby certify as follows:

The Board of Directors
of the Company duly adopted, pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, a resolution setting forth
an amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible
Preferred Stock. The stockholders of the Company duly approved said proposed amendment in accordance with Sections 228 and 242 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The resolution setting forth the amendment is as follows:

RESOLVED: That
the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock
of the Company (the Certificate of Designation) be amended as follows:

1. That Section 2(a) of the Certificate of Designation be and hereby is deleted
in its entirety and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

The series of preferred
stock designated by this Certificate of Designation shall be designated as the Companys Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock), and the number of shares so designated shall be
213,000 (which shall not be subject to increase (whether by amendment, merger, consolidated or otherwise) without the written consent
of the Requisite Holder Majority and shall be designated from the 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued under the
Certificate of Incorporation. Each share of Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share.

* * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred
Stock to be executed by a duly authorized officer of this Company on this 24th day of March, 2025.

THE
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

By: /s/
Daniel Virnich 

Name: Daniel Virnich 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

the
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc.

Warrant Shares: [ ] Initial
Exercise Date: March [ ], 2025

THIS
PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ]
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant
is exercised in full (New York City time) on [ ] (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to
subscribe for and purchase from The Oncology Institute, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [ ]
shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share
of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). The Warrant Shares are entitled
to the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March [ ], 2025, among the Company and the parties
signatory thereto (the Registration Rights Agreement).

Section
1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated March [ ],
2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2.Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole
or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company
of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank, unless the Notice of Exercise in respect of such exercise indicates that this Warrant (or the applicable portion hereof)
is being exercised as a Cashless Exercise (as defined below) in accordance with Section 2(c). No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event, no later than within three
(3) Trading Days, of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any
circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination
Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If, at any time following the Effectiveness Deadline (as such term is defined in
the Registration Rights Agreement), the resale of the Warrant Shares is not covered by an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act, then, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in respect of any Warrant Share(s) in cash the Holder, at its option, may
exercise this Warrant (in whole or in part) on a cashless basis by making appropriate notation on the applicable Notice of Exercise (a
Cashless Exercise), in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder, in respect of such Cashless Exercise,
a number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula:

X= Y (A-B)

A

Where X = the
number of the Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder pursuant to the Cashless Exercise.

Y = the
number of Warrant Shares with respect to which the Warrant is exercised on a Cashless Exercise basis.

A = 

the
Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date of exercise.

The Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock, as of any date of exercise, shall be the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted
Average Price (as defined below) of the Common Stock on each of the five (5) consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the
date of exercise (or, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the determination of the Fair Market Value in the case of an exercise
of this Warrant on a trading day after the end of regular trading hours on the applicable exchange or trading market, ending on such
exercise date). In the event that a stock split or other subdivision of outstanding Common Stock, or a combination of outstanding Common
Stock (including by reverse stock split), reclassification, payment of a stock dividend in shares of Common Stock, recapitalization,
or other similar transaction of such character that shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or become exchangeable for a larger
or smaller number of shares of Common Stock (any such event, a Stock Event) is consummated during any period for
which the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted Average Prices is to be determined, the Volume Weighted Average Price for all trading
days during such period prior to the effectiveness of the Stock Event shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such Stock Event. 

Volume Weighted Average Price
means, with respect to a share of Common Stock as of any date, the volume weighted average sale price on the principal United States
exchange or market on which the Common Stock is then being traded as reported by, or based upon data reported by, Bloomberg Financial
Markets or an equivalent, reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by the Holder and the Company (Bloomberg),
or, if no volume weighted average sale price is reported for such security, then the last closing trade price of such security as reported
by Bloomberg, or, if no last closing trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices of any market
makers for such security on the OTC Bulletin Board or the OTCQX Market, the OTCQB Market or Pink Open Market of OTC Markets Group (or,
in each case, any successor to such market). 

If the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock cannot be calculated in accordance with the definitions of Fair Market Value and Volume Weighted Average
Price above, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as mutually
determined in good faith by the Company and the Holder.

B = the Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

2

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, any Warrant Shares issued pursuant to a Cashless Exercise shall
take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and that, for purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, the holding period
of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the exercising holders holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this paragraph.

d) Mechanics
of Exercise. 

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder (i) by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if any of the Unrestricted Conditions (as defined
below) is met, or (ii) if none of the Unrestricted Conditions is met, by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company (or satisfaction of such aggregate exercise price by means of a Cashless Exercise, if permitted) and (iii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the
Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received (A) by Cashless Exercise,
if permitted, or (B) within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST
program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for equity trades effected by U.S. broker-dealers on the
Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on
the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees
to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial
Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

3

iii. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is due
to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

iv. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round down to the next whole share.

v.Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.
Deliveries with respect to the Warrants shall be made free of any deduction or withholding for taxes, except as otherwise required by
law (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts required to be withheld by law with respect to the Warrants may be withheld from any
future delivery of value with respect to the relevant holder or Warrant(s)).

vi. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons whose
beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holders for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, including
any Persons who may be members of a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below); provided, that the
foregoing shall not apply to the extent the Common Stock is deemed not to constitute an equity security pursuant to Rule
13d-1(i) under the Exchange Act. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
(including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder The submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders representation that it has evaluated
the limitation set forth in this paragraph and determined that the issuance of the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant
to such Notice of Exercise is permitted under this paragraph, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, provided this limitation of liability shall not apply if the Holder has detrimentally relied on outstanding share information
provided by the Company or the Transfer Agent. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading
Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.9% (or, upon election by a Holder
prior to the issuance of any Warrants, either 4.99%, 9.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph
shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this
paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained
or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder
has exercised this Warrant. 

6

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation
of the Company with or into another Person or any stock sale to, or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off, share exchange or scheme of arrangement) with or into another Person (other than such a transaction in which
the Company is the surviving or continuing entity and its Common Stock is not exchanged for or converted into other securities, cash
or property), (B) the Company effects any sale, lease, transfer or exclusive license of all or substantially all of its assets in one
transaction or a series of related transactions, (C) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is
completed pursuant to which more than 50% of the Common Stock not held by the Company or such Person is exchanged for or converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (D) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange
pursuant (other than as a result of a dividend, subdivision or combination covered by Section 3(a)) to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, the Holder
shall have the right to receive, in lieu of the right to receive Warrant Shares, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise for cash (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere
and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise
and issuance immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction), the same kind and amount of securities, cash or property
as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had duly exercised this Warrant for
cash and received Warrant Shares immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized,
reserved and available to effect any such exercise and issuance) (the Alternate Consideration). For purposes of
any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based
on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different
components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to
be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it would be
entitled to receive upon any exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to
assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved
by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or
its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant for cash (without
regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether
or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available), assuming this Warrant were exercised for cash prior to
such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but
taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares
of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value
of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form
and substance to the Holder. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving
entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing
the Holders right to exercise such warrant for the Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental
Transaction is effected shall include terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section
3(d) and insuring that this Warrant (or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous
to a Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of the foregoing, Excluded Transaction shall mean any conversion of shares
of the Companys Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock)
into shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations for the Series
A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 12, 2021
(as amended, the Certificate of Designation).

7

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) 
Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. 
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

Section
4.Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 5.5 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer (but otherwise
without charge to the Holder). Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares immediately following such assignment without having a new Warrant issued. 

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions; Restrictive Legend. The Holder understands that until such time as this Warrant and the Warrant Shares have been registered
under the Securities Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, this Warrant and the Warrant
Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order consistent therewith may be placed
against transfer of the certificates for such securities) (the Securities Law Legend):

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR
THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

9

This
Warrant and the Warrant Shares (and any certificates or electronic book entries evidencing the Warrant Shares) shall not contain or be
subject to (and Holder shall be entitled to removal of) any legend (or stop transfer or similar instruction) restricting the transfer
thereof (including the Securities Law Legend): (A) while a registration statement (including a Registration Statement, as such term is
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) covering the sale or resale of such securities by the holder thereof is effective under
the Securities Act, or (B) if the Holder provides customary certifications to the effect that it has sold, or is selling substantially
contemporaneously with the delivery of such certifications, such securities pursuant to such a registration statement or Rule 144 under
the Securities Act, or (C) if such securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b)(1) under the Securities Act as set forth in customary
non-affiliate certifications provided by the Holder, or (D) if at any time on or after the date hereof that the Holder certifies that
it is not a Rule 144 Affiliate and that the Holders holding period for purposes of Rule 144 (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
subsection (d)(3)(ii) thereof) of at least six (6) months, or (E) if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) as determined in good faith
by counsel to the Company or as set forth in a legal opinion delivered by counsel to the Holder (collectively, the Unrestricted
Conditions). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent, or shall have made arrangements
with the Holder reasonably acceptable to the Holder in respect of the delivery by counsel to the Holder of a legal opinion and taken
such actions as shall be necessary to ensure that the Transfer Agent will rely on such opinion, in any case, promptly after the Registration
Effective Date, or at such other time as any of the Unrestricted Conditions has been satisfied, if required by the Transfer Agent to
effect the issuance of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares, as applicable, without a restrictive legend or removal of the legend hereunder.
If any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met at the time of issuance of the Warrant Shares then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free
of all legends and stop-transfer instructions. The Company agrees that if any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met after the issuance
of any Warrant Shares or such legend is otherwise no longer required under this Section 2(g), it will, no later than the earlier
of (x) two (2) Trading Days and (y) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the delivery by the
Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of the Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Holder or its designee the Warrant Shares free from all restrictive and other legends (or similar notations) by crediting the
account of the Holder's prime broker with DTC, through its DWAC system. For purposes hereof, Registration Effective Date
shall mean the date that the first Registration Statement covering the Warrant Shares that the Company is required to file pursuant to
the Registration Rights Agreement has been declared effective by the SEC. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, if the Holder delivers
a certification that it is not an affiliate of the Company (as such term is used under Rule 144 under the Securities Act)
and has not been an Affiliate for a period of three months, then from and after the delivery thereof, the Holder shall be deemed to have
certified that it is not an affiliate of the Company (as such term is used under Rule 144 under the Securities Act) upon
each delivery of an Exercise Form, unless the Holder otherwise advises the Company in writing. For purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act and subsection (d)(3)(ii) thereof, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issuable upon any exercise
of this Warrant pursuant to a Cashless Exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired, and the holding period thereof shall be deemed
to have commenced, on the date that the Holder is deemed to have acquired this Note for purposes of Rule 144. The Holder, by acceptance
hereof, acknowledges and agrees that the removal of any restrictive legends from any securities as set forth in this Section 4(d) is
predicated upon the Companys reliance that the Holder will sell such securities pursuant to either the registration requirements
of the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and that if such securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will
be sold while such registration statement is effective and available for resales of such securities, in compliance with the plan of distribution
set forth therein.

10

Section
5.Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(c)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(c)(i) and Section 2(c)(iii)
herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. 

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

11

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

12

n) 
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and
shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

o) Disclosure.
Upon delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined
that the matters contained or reflected in such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its
subsidiaries, the Company shall contemporaneously with any such delivery publicly disclose such material, nonpublic information by filing
with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing such information. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains
material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate to the Holder contemporaneously
with delivery of such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters contained
or reflected in, or relating to, such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

the ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc.

By:____________________________

Name:

Title

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:the
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc. (THE COMPANY)

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares (as such term is defined in the attached Warrant) of the Company
pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full,
together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)Check the applicable box:

Payment shall take the form of lawful money of the United States.

The undersigned is exercising the Warrant with respect to _______ shares of Common Stock pursuant to a cashless exercise, and makes
payment of the Exercise Price with respect to such shares in full, all in accordance with the conditions and provisions of the
Warrant applicable to such cashless exercise.

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: _________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address: 

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:_____________________________ 

Holders
Address:______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex4x2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

the
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc.

Warrant Shares: [ ] Initial
Exercise Date: [ ]

Issue Date: March [ ],
2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after [ ] (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on [ ] (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from The Oncology Institute, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [ ] shares (as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under
this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). The Warrant Shares are entitled to the benefits of the
Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March [ ], 2025, among the Company and the parties signatory thereto (the
Registration Rights Agreement).

Section
1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated March [ ],
2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2.Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole
or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company
of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank, unless the Notice of Exercise in respect of such exercise indicates that this Warrant (or the applicable portion hereof)
is being exercised as a Cashless Exercise (as defined below) in accordance with Section 2(c). No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event, no later than within three
(3) Trading Days, of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
$1.1980, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If, at any time following the Effectiveness Deadline (as such term is defined in
the Registration Rights Agreement), the resale of the Warrant Shares is not covered by an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act, then, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in respect of any Warrant Share(s) in cash the Holder, at its option, may
exercise this Warrant (in whole or in part) on a cashless basis by making appropriate notation on the applicable Notice of Exercise (a
Cashless Exercise), in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder, in respect of such Cashless Exercise,
a number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula:

X= Y (A-B)

A

Where X = the
number of the Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder pursuant to the Cashless Exercise.

Y = the
number of Warrant Shares with respect to which the Warrant is exercised on a Cashless Exercise basis.

A = 

the
Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date of exercise.

The Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock, as of any date of exercise, shall be the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted
Average Price (as defined below) of the Common Stock on each of the five (5) consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the
date of exercise (or, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the determination of the Fair Market Value in the case of an exercise
of this Warrant on a trading day after the end of regular trading hours on the applicable exchange or trading market, ending on such
exercise date). In the event that a stock split or other subdivision of outstanding Common Stock, or a combination of outstanding Common
Stock (including by reverse stock split), reclassification, payment of a stock dividend in shares of Common Stock, recapitalization,
or other similar transaction of such character that shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or become exchangeable for a larger
or smaller number of shares of Common Stock (any such event, a Stock Event) is consummated during any period for
which the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted Average Prices is to be determined, the Volume Weighted Average Price for all trading
days during such period prior to the effectiveness of the Stock Event shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such Stock Event. 

Volume Weighted Average Price
means, with respect to a share of Common Stock as of any date, the volume weighted average sale price on the principal United States
exchange or market on which the Common Stock is then being traded as reported by, or based upon data reported by, Bloomberg Financial
Markets or an equivalent, reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by the Holder and the Company (Bloomberg),
or, if no volume weighted average sale price is reported for such security, then the last closing trade price of such security as reported
by Bloomberg, or, if no last closing trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices of any market
makers for such security on the OTC Bulletin Board or the OTCQX Market, the OTCQB Market or Pink Open Market of OTC Markets Group (or,
in each case, any successor to such market). 

If the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock cannot be calculated in accordance with the definitions of Fair Market Value and Volume Weighted Average
Price above, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as mutually
determined in good faith by the Company and the Holder.

B = the Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

2

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, any Warrant Shares issued pursuant to a Cashless Exercise shall
take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and that, for purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, the holding period
of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the exercising holders holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this paragraph.

d) Mechanics
of Exercise. 

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder (i) by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if any of the Unrestricted Conditions (as defined
below) is met, or (ii) if none of the Unrestricted Conditions is met, by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company (or satisfaction of such aggregate exercise price by means of a Cashless Exercise, if permitted) and (iii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the
Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received (A) by Cashless Exercise,
if permitted, or (B) within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST
program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for equity trades effected by U.S. broker-dealers on the
Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

3

iii. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is due
to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

iv. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round down to the next whole share.

v.Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.
Deliveries with respect to the Warrants shall be made free of any deduction or withholding for taxes, except as otherwise required by
law (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts required to be withheld by law with respect to the Warrants may be withheld from any
future delivery of value with respect to the relevant holder or Warrant(s)).

vi. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons whose
beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holders for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, including
any Persons who may be members of a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below); provided, that the
foregoing shall not apply to the extent the Common Stock is deemed not to constitute an equity security pursuant to Rule
13d-1(i) under the Exchange Act. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
(including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder The submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders representation that it has evaluated
the limitation set forth in this paragraph and determined that the issuance of the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant
to such Notice of Exercise is permitted under this paragraph, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, provided this limitation of liability shall not apply if the Holder has detrimentally relied on outstanding share information
provided by the Company or the Transfer Agent. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading
Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.9% (or, upon election by a Holder
prior to the issuance of any Warrants, either 4.99%, 9.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph
shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this
paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained
or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

6

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person or any stock sale to, or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, share exchange or scheme of arrangement) with or into another Person
(other than such a transaction in which the Company is the surviving or continuing entity and its Common Stock is not exchanged for or
converted into other securities, cash or property), (B) the Company effects any sale, lease, transfer or exclusive license of all or substantially
all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (C) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which more than 50% of the Common Stock not held by the Company or such Person is exchanged
for or converted into other securities, cash or property, or (D) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant (other than as a result of a dividend, subdivision or combination covered by Section 3(a)) to which the Common
Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, the Holder shall have the right to receive, in lieu of the right to receive Warrant Shares, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise for cash (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise
herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect
any such exercise and issuance immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction), the same kind and amount of securities,
cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had duly exercised
this Warrant for cash and received Warrant Shares immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number
of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise and issuance) (the Alternate Consideration).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it would be entitled to receive upon any exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary (and without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and
without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available), in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction (other than any Excluded Transaction), the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders
option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later,
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant determined
as of the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within
the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value
of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental
Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity
may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means
the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of one hundred percent (100%) and the
hundred (100) day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greatest
of (x) the per share closing (last sale) price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or if that is not the principal trading
market on which the Common Stock is traded, such principal market on which the Common Stock is traded or listed (the Closing
Market Price), on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
is consummated or otherwise occurs, (y) the first Closing Market Price following the first public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction, and (z) the Closing Market Price as of the date immediately preceding the first public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction, and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will
be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the
Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity
in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without
unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for
this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant for cash (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares
are authorized, reserved and available), assuming this Warrant were exercised for cash prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with
an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. To the extent
necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall
issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such warrant
for the Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include terms
requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(d) and insuring that this Warrant (or
any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction. For
purposes of the foregoing, Excluded Transaction shall mean any conversion of shares of the Companys Series
A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock) into shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations for the Series A Common Stock Equivalent
Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 12, 2021 (as amended, the Certificate
of Designation).

7

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) 
Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. 
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

Section
4.Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 5.5 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer (but otherwise
without charge to the Holder). Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares immediately following such assignment without having a new Warrant issued. 

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation
hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants
are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may
be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant
or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the
original Issue Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions; Restrictive Legend. The Holder understands that until such time as this Warrant and the Warrant Shares have been registered
under the Securities Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, this Warrant and the Warrant
Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order consistent therewith may be placed
against transfer of the certificates for such securities) (the Securities Law Legend):

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR
THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

9

This
Warrant and the Warrant Shares (and any certificates or electronic book entries evidencing the Warrant Shares) shall not contain or be
subject to (and Holder shall be entitled to removal of) any legend (or stop transfer or similar instruction) restricting the transfer
thereof (including the Securities Law Legend): (A) while a registration statement (including a Registration Statement, as such term is
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) covering the sale or resale of such securities by the holder thereof is effective under
the Securities Act, or (B) if the Holder provides customary certifications to the effect that it has sold, or is selling substantially
contemporaneously with the delivery of such certifications, such securities pursuant to such a registration statement or Rule 144 under
the Securities Act, or (C) if such securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b)(1) under the Securities Act as set forth in customary
non-affiliate certifications provided by the Holder, or (D) if at any time on or after the date hereof that the Holder certifies that
it is not a Rule 144 Affiliate and that the Holders holding period for purposes of Rule 144 (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
subsection (d)(3)(ii) thereof) of at least six (6) months, or (E) if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) as determined in good faith
by counsel to the Company or as set forth in a legal opinion delivered by counsel to the Holder (collectively, the Unrestricted
Conditions). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent, or shall have made arrangements
with the Holder reasonably acceptable to the Holder in respect of the delivery by counsel to the Holder of a legal opinion and taken
such actions as shall be necessary to ensure that the Transfer Agent will rely on such opinion, in any case, promptly after the Registration
Effective Date, or at such other time as any of the Unrestricted Conditions has been satisfied, if required by the Transfer Agent to
effect the issuance of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares, as applicable, without a restrictive legend or removal of the legend hereunder.
If any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met at the time of issuance of the Warrant Shares then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free
of all legends and stop-transfer instructions. The Company agrees that if any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met after the issuance
of any Warrant Shares or such legend is otherwise no longer required under this Section 2(g), it will, no later than the earlier
of (x) two (2) Trading Days and (y) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the delivery by the
Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of the Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Holder or its designee the Warrant Shares free from all restrictive and other legends (or similar notations) by crediting the
account of the Holder's prime broker with DTC, through its DWAC system. For purposes hereof, Registration Effective Date
shall mean the date that the first Registration Statement covering the Warrant Shares that the Company is required to file pursuant to
the Registration Rights Agreement has been declared effective by the SEC. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, if the Holder delivers
a certification that it is not an affiliate of the Company (as such term is used under Rule 144 under the Securities Act)
and has not been an Affiliate for a period of three months, then from and after the delivery thereof, the Holder shall be deemed to have
certified that it is not an affiliate of the Company (as such term is used under Rule 144 under the Securities Act) upon
each delivery of an Exercise Form, unless the Holder otherwise advises the Company in writing. For purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act and subsection (d)(3)(ii) thereof, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issuable upon any exercise
of this Warrant pursuant to a Cashless Exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired, and the holding period thereof shall be deemed
to have commenced, on the date that the Holder is deemed to have acquired this Note for purposes of Rule 144. The Holder, by acceptance
hereof, acknowledges and agrees that the removal of any restrictive legends from any securities as set forth in this Section 4(d) is
predicated upon the Companys reliance that the Holder will sell such securities pursuant to either the registration requirements
of the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and that if such securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will
be sold while such registration statement is effective and available for resales of such securities, in compliance with the plan of distribution
set forth therein.

10

Section
5.Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iii)
herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. 

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

11

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

12

n) 
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and
shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

o) Disclosure.
Upon delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined
that the matters contained or reflected in such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its
subsidiaries, the Company shall contemporaneously with any such delivery publicly disclose such material, nonpublic information by filing
with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing such information. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains
material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate to the Holder contemporaneously
with delivery of such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters contained
or reflected in, or relating to, such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

the ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc.

By:____________________________

Name:

Title

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:the
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc. (THE COMPANY)

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares (as such term is defined in the attached Warrant) of the Company
pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full,
together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)Check the applicable box:

Payment
shall take the form of lawful money of the United States.

The undersigned is exercising the Warrant with respect to _______ shares of Common Stock pursuant to a cashless exercise, and makes
payment of the Exercise Price with respect to such shares in full, all in accordance with the conditions and provisions of the
Warrant applicable to such cashless exercise.

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: _________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address: 

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:_____________________________ 

Holders
Address:______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex4x3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF DEERFIELD COMMON WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

the
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc.

Warrant Shares: [] Initial Exercise Date: []

Issue Date: March [], 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, []
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after [] (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [] (the
Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from The Oncology Institute, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject to
adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain
Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement), dated March [], 2025,
among the Company and the holders signatory thereto. The Warrant Shares are entitled to the benefits of the Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of March [] , 2025, among the Company and the parties signatory
thereto (the Registration Rights Agreement).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Exchange
Agreement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to
the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank, unless the Notice of Exercise in respect of such exercise indicates that this Warrant (or the applicable
portion hereof) is being exercised as a Cashless Exercise (as defined below) in accordance with Section 2(c). No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any
event, no later than within three (3) Trading Days, of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The
Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.1980,
subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price). 

c)Cashless Exercise. If, at any time following the Effectiveness Deadline (as such term is
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the resale of the Warrant Shares is not covered by an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act, then, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in respect of any Warrant Share(s) in cash the Holder, at its option,
may exercise this Warrant (in whole or in part) on a cashless basis by making appropriate notation on the applicable Notice of Exercise
(a Cashless Exercise), in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder, in respect of such Cashless Exercise,
a number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula:

X= Y (A-B)

A

Where X = the
number of the Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder pursuant to the Cashless Exercise.

Y = the
number of Warrant Shares with respect to which the Warrant is exercised on a Cashless Exercise basis.

A = 

the
Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date of exercise.

The Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock, as of any date of exercise, shall be the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted
Average Price (as defined below) of the Common Stock on each of the five (5) consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the
date of exercise (or, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the determination of the Fair Market Value in the case of an exercise
of this Warrant on a trading day after the end of regular trading hours on the applicable exchange or trading market, ending on such
exercise date). In the event that a stock split or other subdivision of outstanding Common Stock, or a combination of outstanding Common
Stock (including by reverse stock split), reclassification, payment of a stock dividend in shares of Common Stock, recapitalization,
or other similar transaction of such character that shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or become exchangeable for a larger
or smaller number of shares of Common Stock (any such event, a Stock Event) is consummated during any period for
which the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted Average Prices is to be determined, the Volume Weighted Average Price for all trading
days during such period prior to the effectiveness of the Stock Event shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such Stock Event. 

Volume Weighted Average Price
means, with respect to a share of Common Stock as of any date, the volume weighted average sale price on the principal United States
exchange or market on which the Common Stock is then being traded as reported by, or based upon data reported by, Bloomberg Financial
Markets or an equivalent, reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by the Holder and the Company (Bloomberg),
or, if no volume weighted average sale price is reported for such security, then the last closing trade price of such security as reported
by Bloomberg, or, if no last closing trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices of any market
makers for such security on the OTC Bulletin Board or the OTCQX Market, the OTCQB Market or Pink Open Market of OTC Markets Group (or,
in each case, any successor to such market). 

If the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock cannot be calculated in accordance with the definitions of Fair Market Value and Volume Weighted Average
Price above, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as mutually
determined in good faith by the Company and the Holder.

B = the Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, any Warrant Shares issued pursuant to
a Cashless Exercise shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and that, for purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the exercising holders holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this paragraph.

2

d)Mechanics of Exercise.

i.Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder (i) by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
any of the Unrestricted Conditions (as defined below) is met, or (ii) if none of the Unrestricted Conditions is met, by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (or satisfaction of such aggregate exercise price by means of a Cashless
Exercise, if permitted) and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company
of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise,
the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which
this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price is received (A) by Cashless Exercise, if permitted, or (B) within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of
Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a
transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for equity
trades effected by U.S. broker-dealers on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on
the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part,
the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for
by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition
to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares
in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other
than any such failure that is due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the
Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise
purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated
receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any,
by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder
in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed,
and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such
exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common
Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example,
if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise
of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

3

iv.No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares
shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase
upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal
to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round down to the next whole share.

v.Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the
Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes
and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names
as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name
other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for
any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of
Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required
for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. Deliveries with respect to the Warrants shall be made free of any deduction or
withholding for taxes, except as otherwise required by law (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts required to be withheld by law
with respect to the Warrants may be withheld from any future delivery of value with respect to the relevant holder or Warrant(s)).

vi.Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner
which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons whose
beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holders for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, including
any Persons who may be members of a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below); provided, that the
foregoing shall not apply to the extent the Common Stock is deemed not to constitute an equity security pursuant to Rule
13d-1(i) under the Exchange Act. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
(including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder The submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders representation that it has evaluated
the limitation set forth in this paragraph and determined that the issuance of the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant
to such Notice of Exercise is permitted under this paragraph, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, provided this limitation of liability shall not apply if the Holder has detrimentally relied on outstanding share information
provided by the Company or the Transfer Agent. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading
Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.9% (or, upon election by a Holder
prior to the issuance of any Warrants, either 4.99%, 9.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph
shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this
paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained
or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv)
issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if
any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such
that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and
shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

5

b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above,
if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other
property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall
declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock,
by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person or any stock sale to, or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, share exchange or scheme of arrangement) with or into another Person
(other than such a transaction in which the Company is the surviving or continuing entity and its Common Stock is not exchanged for or
converted into other securities, cash or property), (B) the Company effects any sale, lease, transfer or exclusive license of all or substantially
all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (C) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which more than 50% of the Common Stock not held by the Company or such Person is exchanged
for or converted into other securities, cash or property, or (D) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant (other than as a result of a dividend, subdivision or combination covered by Section 3(a)) to which the Common
Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, the Holder shall have the right to receive, in lieu of the right to receive Warrant Shares, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise for cash (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise
herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect
any such exercise and issuance immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction), the same kind and amount of securities,
cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had duly exercised
this Warrant for cash and received Warrant Shares immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number
of shares are authorized, reserved and available to effect any such exercise and issuance) (the Alternate Consideration).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it would be entitled to receive upon any exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary (and without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and
without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares are authorized, reserved and available), in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction (other than any Excluded Transaction), the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders
option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later,
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant determined
as of the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within
the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value
of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental
Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity
may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means
the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of one hundred percent (100%) and the
hundred (100) day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greatest
of (x) the per share closing (last sale) price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or if that is not the principal trading
market on which the Common Stock is traded, such principal market on which the Common Stock is traded or listed (the Closing
Market Price), on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
is consummated or otherwise occurs, (y) the first Closing Market Price following the first public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction, and (z) the Closing Market Price as of the date immediately preceding the first public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction, and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will
be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the
Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity
in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without
unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for
this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant for cash (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation or any other limitations on exercise herein or elsewhere and without regard to whether or not a sufficient number of shares
are authorized, reserved and available), assuming this Warrant were exercised for cash prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with
an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. To the extent
necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall
issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such warrant
for the Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include terms
requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(d) and insuring that this Warrant (or
any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction. For
purposes of the foregoing, Excluded Transaction shall mean any conversion of shares of the Companys Series
A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock) into shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations for the Series A Common Stock Equivalent
Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 12, 2021 (as amended, the Certificate
of Designation).

7

e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued
and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued
and outstanding.

f)Notice to Holder. 

i.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision
of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment
and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other
distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption
of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall
be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of
its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby
the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by
email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which
the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions
set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 5.5 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder
(including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the
principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form
attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the
making of such transfer (but otherwise without charge to the Holder). Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of
this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an
assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares immediately following such assignment without having a new Warrant issued.

8

b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation
hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants
are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may
be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant
or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the
original Issue Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained
by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time.
The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof
or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)Transfer Restrictions; Restrictive Legend. The Holder understands that until such time as
the Warrant Shares have been registered under the Securities Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately
sold, the Warrant Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order consistent therewith
may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such securities) (the Securities Law Legend):

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

9

The
Warrant Shares (and any certificates or electronic book entries evidencing the Warrant Shares) shall not contain or be subject to (and
Holder shall be entitled to removal of) any legend (or stop transfer or similar instruction) restricting the transfer thereof (including
the Securities Law Legend): (A) while a registration statement (including a Registration Statement, as such term is defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) covering the sale or resale of such securities by the holder thereof is effective under the Securities Act, or (B)
if the Holder provides customary certifications to the effect that it has sold, or is selling substantially contemporaneously with the
delivery of such certifications, such securities pursuant to such a registration statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or (C)
if such securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b)(1) under the Securities Act as set forth in customary non-affiliate certifications
provided by the Holder, or (D) if at any time on or after the date hereof that the Holder certifies that it is not a Rule 144 Affiliate
and that the Holders holding period for purposes of Rule 144 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, subsection (d)(3)(ii) thereof)
of at least six (6) months, or (E) if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) as determined in good faith by counsel to the Company or
as set forth in a legal opinion delivered by counsel to the Holder (collectively, the Unrestricted Conditions).
The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent, or shall have made arrangements with the Holder reasonably
acceptable to the Holder in respect of the delivery by counsel to the Holder of a legal opinion and taken such actions as shall be necessary
to ensure that the Transfer Agent will rely on such opinion, in any case, promptly after the Registration Effective Date, or at such
other time as any of the Unrestricted Conditions has been satisfied, if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the issuance of this
Warrant or the Warrant Shares, as applicable, without a restrictive legend or removal of the legend hereunder. If any of the Unrestricted
Conditions is met at the time of issuance of the Warrant Shares then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends and stop-transfer
instructions. The Company agrees that if any of the Unrestricted Conditions is met after the issuance of any Warrant Shares or such legend
is otherwise no longer required under this Section 2(g), it will, no later than the earlier of (x) two (2) Trading Days and (y)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer
Agent of the Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder or its designee the Warrant
Shares free from all restrictive and other legends (or similar notations) by crediting the account of the Holder's prime broker with
DTC, through its DWAC system. For purposes hereof, Registration Effective Date shall mean the date that the first
Registration Statement covering the Warrant Shares that the Company is required to file pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
has been declared effective by the SEC. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, if the Holder delivers a certification that it is not
an affiliate of the Company (as such term is used under Rule 144 under the Securities Act) and has not been an Affiliate
for a period of three months, then from and after the delivery thereof, the Holder shall be deemed to have certified that it is not an
affiliate of the Company (as such term is used under Rule 144 under the Securities Act) upon each delivery of an Exercise
Form, unless the Holder otherwise advises the Company in writing. For purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and subsection (d)(3)(ii)
thereof, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issuable upon any exercise of this Warrant pursuant to a
Cashless Exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired, and the holding period thereof shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date
that the Holder is deemed to have acquired this Note for purposes of Rule 144. The Holder, by acceptance hereof, acknowledges and agrees
that the removal of any restrictive legends from any securities as set forth in this Section 4(d) is predicated upon the Companys
reliance that the Holder will sell such securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act or an exemption
therefrom, and that if such securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold while such registration statement
is effective and available for resales of such securities, in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth
in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive cash payments pursuant
to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iii) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt
by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate
relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which,
in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock
certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

10

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action
or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may
be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d)Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Agreement.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise
of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right
hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.
Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Exchange Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply
with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts
as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those
of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights,
powers or remedies hereunder.

11

h)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered
to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Exchange Agreement.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by
the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder,
shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether
such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law,
including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary
damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby
agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights
and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company
and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from
time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the
written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such
manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under
applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder
of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and
shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

o) 
Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters contained or reflected in such notice do not constitute material,
nonpublic information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries, the Company shall contemporaneously with any such delivery publicly
disclose such material, nonpublic information by filing with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing such information. In the
event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries, the
Company shall so indicate to the Holder contemporaneously with delivery of such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the
Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters contained or reflected in, or relating to, such notice do not constitute material,
nonpublic information relating to the Company or its subsidiaries.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

the ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc.

By:____________________________

Name:

Title

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: the
ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, inc. (THE COMPANY)

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares (as such term is defined in the attached Warrant) of the Company
pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full,
together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)Check the applicable box:

Payment
shall take the form of lawful money of the United States.

The undersigned is exercising the Warrant with respect to _______ shares of Common Stock pursuant to a cashless exercise, and makes
payment of the Exercise Price with respect to such shares in full, all in accordance with the conditions and provisions of the
Warrant applicable to such cashless exercise.

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: _________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address: 

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:_____________________________ 

Holders
Address:______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. THE OMITTED PORTIONS
OF THIS DOCUMENT ARE INDICATED BY [***].

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of March 24, 2025, by and among The Oncology Institute, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each of the investors listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each,
an Investor and together, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by
Section 4(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act;

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to sell to the Investors, and each Investor desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, (A) shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock,
$0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), (B) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Common Warrants) and/or (C) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Prefunded-Warrants, together with the Common Warrants,
the Warrants, and the Warrants collectively with the Shares, the Securities); and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
with the sale of the Shares and the Warrants, the parties hereto will execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights in respect
of the Shares and the Warrant Shares (as defined below) under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the Company and each Investor, severally
and not jointly, agree as follows:

1.Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective
meanings:

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Amended and Restated
Bylaws means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect.

Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation means the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, as currently
in effect.

Amendment to
Certificate of Designations means that certain amendment to the Certificate of Designations governing the Companys Series
A Common Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to that certain Limited
Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Facility Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, by and among the Company, the other loan parties party
thereto, the lenders party thereto and Deerfield Partners, L.P.

Attribution Party
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person whose beneficial ownership of a security would or could be aggregated with any Person
and such Persons Affiliates.

Benefit Plan
or Benefit Plans means employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and all other employee benefit
practices or arrangements, including, without limitation, any such practices or arrangements providing severance pay, sick leave, vacation
pay, salary continuation for disability, retirement benefits, deferred compensation, bonus pay, incentive pay, stock options or other
stock-based compensation, hospitalization insurance, medical insurance, life insurance, scholarships or tuition reimbursements, maintained
by the Company or to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is obligated to contribute for employees or former employees of the
Company and its subsidiaries.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Closing Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Common Stock
Equivalent means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Common Warrants.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Confidential
Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.31.

Disclosure Document
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

Disqualification
Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.27.

Environmental
Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15.

ERISA
means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Exchange Act
means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Financial Statements
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b).

GAAP
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b).

Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, provincial, municipal, local or foreign government, governmental authority, regulatory
or administrative agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, court or tribunal.

2

Governmental
Authorizations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11.

Government Reimbursement
Program means Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act), Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act),
Medicare Advantage, Medicaid waiver, Childrens Health Insurance Program, TRICARE, any other state or federal health care program
as defined at 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(f), and any other, similar federal, state or local health care payment programs with or sponsored
by any Governmental Authority.

Health Care Laws
means any law pertaining to health care regulatory matters applicable to the Company, including: (a) Title XVIII of the Social Security
Act, 42 U.S.C. 1395-1395hhh (the Medicare statute); (b) Title XIX of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. 
1396-1396v (the Medicaid statute) and state Medicaid Laws; (c) the Federal Ethics in Patient Referrals Act, 42 U.S.C. 1395nn
(the Stark Law); (d) 10 U.S.C. 1071 et aI (TRICARE); (e) the Federal Health Care Program Anti-Kickback Statute,
42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b); (f) the False Claims Act or any state Law false claims or insurance fraud prohibitions; (g) the
Federal Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act, 31 U.S.C. 3801-3812; (h) the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C.
1320a-7a), the federal Exclusion Laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), the Federal Health Care Fraud Law (18 U.S.C. 1347), the
Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018, 18 U.S.C. 220, criminal false claims and false statement statutes (e.g. 18
U.S.C. 287 and 1001), the Florida Patient Brokering Act (Fla. Stat. 817.505), the Florida Patient Self-Referral
Act (Fla. Stat. 456.053), and other laws relating to self-referral, anti-kickback, illegal remuneration, fraud and abuse or the
defrauding of or making or presenting of any false claim, false statement or misrepresentation of material facts to a Governmental Reimbursement
Program or a Third Party Payor Program, or the coding, billing or payment for, health care products or services; (i)
laws governing or regulating the practice of medicine, professional licensing, professional responsibility, patient records and documentation,
referrals, quality of care, fee-splitting, corporate practice of medicine, medical waste or other healthcare matters, including, but not
limited to, laws concerning the provision of health care services via telehealth modalities; (j) all laws relating to human subject
research, clinical trials, laboratory testing, genetic testing, biospecimen collection or testing, non-clinical testing, biohazards, pharmacies,
and compounding, including the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects (the Common Rule); (k) the Federal
Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. 801 et seq., all applicable rules and regulations of the Drug Enforcement Administration,
similar controlled substance state law, and any other laws concerning the management and operation of pharmacies and the dispensing of
prescription drugs; (l) Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, Pub. L. 11613 and any similar or successor legislation
or executive order relating to COVID-19 Provider Relief Funds; (m) Laws that govern persons bearing the financial risk for, or providing
administrative or other functions in connection with, the provision of, payment for or arrangement of health care services, including
licensure, Governmental Authority approval, and financial reserve requirements, (n) Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 
301 et seq.) and its implementing regulations (the FDCA); (o) the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, as
amended, any comparable state Laws governing the licensure of laboratories, and all other applicable state or federal facility licensure,
permit, approval, or authorization Laws; and (p) HIPAA, 42 U.S.C. 290dd-3, 290dee-3, including 42 C.F.R. Part 2, and state
Laws relating to patient or individual healthcare information.

HIPAA
means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, the Health Information Technology for Economic and
Clinical Health Act (Title XIII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009), and the implementing regulations and guidance
issued thereunder from time to time, including the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information (45 CFR Part
160 and Part 164, Subparts A, D and E), the Transactions and Code Set Standards (45 CFR Part 162) and Security Standards for the Protection
of Electronic Protected Health Information (45 CFR Part 164, Subparts A and C).]

Indemnified Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9.

Intellectual
Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.

Investor
and Investors have the meanings set forth in the recitals.

Issuer Covered
Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.28.

IT Systems
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.31.

Material Adverse
Effect has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

3

Nasdaq
means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Personal Data
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.31.

Placement Agent
means BTIG, LLC.

Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Pre-Funded Warrants
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Privacy Laws
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.32.

Privacy Statements
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.32.

Process
or Processing has the meaning set forth in Section 3.32.

Registration
Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(i).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule
or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such rule.

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports
means (a) the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and (b) all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports
on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company following the end of the most recent fiscal year for which an Annual Report
on Form 10-K has been filed and prior to the execution of this Agreement, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference
therein and exhibits thereto.

Securities
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Securities Act
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Shares
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Short Sales
include, without limitation, (a) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange
Act, whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls,
short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements
(including on a total return basis), and (b) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers
(but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Subsidiary
means any significant subsidiary of the Company, as defined in Rule 1.02 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, and shall, where
applicable, also include any direct or indirect significant subsidiary of the Company, as defined in Rule 1.02 of Regulation S-X under
the Securities Act, formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Tax Returns
means returns, reports, information statements and other documentation (including any additional or supporting material) filed or maintained,
or required to be filed or maintained, in connection with the calculation, determination, assessment or collection of any Tax and shall
include any amended returns required as a result of examination adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service or other Tax authority.

4

Tax
or Taxes means any and all federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes, levies, fees, imposts, duties and charges
of whatever kind (including any interest, penalties or additions to the tax imposed in connection therewith or with respect thereto),
whether or not imposed on the Company, including, without limitation, taxes imposed on, or measured by, income, franchise, profits or
gross receipts, and also ad valorem, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding,
employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation,
premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes and customs duties.

Third Party Payor
Program means all health care plans or health care reimbursement programs offered by any insurer that is responsible for payment
with regard to a health care service provided, directly or indirectly, by the Company or its subsidiaries.

Transaction Agreements
means this Agreement, the Common Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Registration Rights Agreement.

Transfer Agent
means, with respect to the Common Stock, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co. or such other financial institution that provides
transfer agent services as the Company may engage from time to time.

Warrant Shares
means the Common Warrant Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Warrants
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

2.Purchase and Sale of Securities.

2.1Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Investors, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, the number and type of Securities,
for the aggregate purchase price, set forth opposite the Investors name on Exhibit A. The price per unit of two Shares and
an accompanying Common Warrant is $2.2084. The price per unit of two Pre-Funded Warrants and an accompanying Common Warrant is $2.2082.

2.2Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6
of this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities (the Closing and the date on which the
Closing occurs, the Closing Date) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at such time
as agreed to by the Company and the Investors but (i) in no event earlier than the first Business Day after the date of this Agreement
and (ii) in no event later than the fifth Business Day after the date of this Agreement. At the Closing, (a) the Shares shall be issued
and registered in the name of the Investor, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, representing the number of Shares
to be purchased by the Investor at such Closing as set forth in Exhibit A and (b) the Company shall deliver to the Investor (or
such Investors designated custodian per its delivery instructions), or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor,
a Common Warrant and (as applicable) a Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock as set forth in Exhibit
A with respect to such Investor, in each case against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire
transfer to the Company of immediately available funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the
Company to the Investors prior to the Closing. On the Closing Date, the Company will cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Shares in book-entry
form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in Section 4.10). In the event that
the Closing has not occurred within one Business Day after the expected Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such
Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than one Business Day thereafter) return the previously wired amounts to each respective
Investor by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified by each Investor, and any book
entries for the Securities shall be deemed cancelled; provided, that, unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section
7, such return of funds shall not terminate this Agreement or relieve such Investor of its obligation to purchase, or the Company
of its obligation to issue and sell, the Securities at the Closing.

5

3.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to the Investors and the Placement Agent as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date):

3.1Organization and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as now conducted and is qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties
or the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where such failure to be in good standing or to have such power and
authority or to so qualify, as the case may be, would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Agreement,
(ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a delay, impairment or adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform
in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect). Each of the Companys subsidiaries is (i) duly incorporated or formed, as applicable, and validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, as applicable, and has the requisite power
and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own or lease its properties and (ii) qualified to do business as a foreign
entity and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, except in each case as would not cause a Material
Adverse Effect.

3.2Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares
of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock). As of
the date hereof, there are 77,487,003 shares of Common Stock issued and 75,753,229 shares of Common stock outstanding and 165,045 of Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock have been duly authorized and
validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation
of any preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company which have not been waived, and such shares were issued
in compliance in all material respects with applicable state and federal securities law and any rights of third parties. 

3.3Registration Rights. Except as provided by the Transaction Agreements, or as disclosed in
the SEC Reports, the Company is presently not under any obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act
any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued, other than such rights
and obligations that have expired or been satisfied or waived.

3.4Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the
Transaction Agreements and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements, including the issuance
and sale of the Securities and the Warrant Shares. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders
necessary for the authorization of the Shares and the Warrant Shares, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction
Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the Warrant
Shares, has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery by each Investor and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each Investor, this Agreement
and each of the Warrants constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating
to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law). Upon its execution by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes legal, valid and
binding agreements of the other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless
of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

6

3.5Valid Issuance. The Shares being purchased by the Investors hereunder have been duly and validly
authorized and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of this Agreement against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions
(other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities
laws). The Warrant Shares have been duly and validly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of
the Warrants against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements
or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws), and the holder of the Warrant Shares shall be entitled
to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Investors
in Section 4, the offer and sale of the Securities to the Investors is and will be in compliance with applicable exemptions from
(i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements
of applicable securities laws of the states of the United States. 

3.6No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the
Company, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements
will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result
in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms
of (i) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, (ii) any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, loan agreement, lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject, or (iii) any
statute or any order, rule or regulation of any court or Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties
that, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.7Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors, no
consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of or registration with, any court or Governmental Authority is required in connection
with the authorization, execution or delivery by the Company of the Transaction Agreements, the issuance and sale of the Securities and
the performance by the Company of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except (a) such as have been or will be obtained
or made under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, (b) the filing of any requisite notices and/or application(s) to Nasdaq for the
issuance and sale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares and the listing of the Shares or the Warrant Shares for trading or quotation, as
the case may be, thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (c) customary post-closing filings with the SEC or pursuant to state
securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares by the Company in the manner contemplated herein,
which will be filed on a timely basis, (d) the filing of the registration statement required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement,
and (e) such that the failure of which to obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect and (f) the Amendment to Certificate of Designation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. All notices, consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the
Company is required to deliver or obtain prior to the Closing pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or made or will be
delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force and effect, on or prior to the Closing.

3.8SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a)The Company has filed all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be
filed by it with the SEC under Section 13, 14(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for the one year preceding the date of this Agreement.
As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date
of such filing), each of the filed SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act,
and, as of the time they were filed, none of the filed SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. There are no outstanding or unresolved comments from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports.
To the Companys knowledge, none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review.

7

(b)The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (collectively, the Financial
Statements) comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement) and fairly present in
all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations
and cash flows for the periods therein specified, all in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
(except as otherwise noted therein, and in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except
that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied
on a consistent basis throughout the periods therein specified (unless otherwise noted therein). Except as set forth in the Financial
Statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except (i)
those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices since the date of such financial statements or (ii)
liabilities not required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, in either case, none of which, individually or in the
aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.9Absence of Changes. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the execution and performance
of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto, between December 31, 2024 and the date of this Agreement,
(a) the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of business and there have been no material transactions entered
into by the Company; (b) no material change to any material contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its
assets or properties is subject has been entered into that has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports; and (c) there has not been any other
event or condition of any character that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect

3.10Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, proceeding,
arbitration, claim, investigation, charge, complaint or inquiry pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, nor are there any orders, writs, injunctions, judgments or decrees outstanding of any court or government agency or instrumentality
and binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.11Compliance with Law; Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation
of, or has received any notices of violations with respect to, any laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental
body, court or government agency or instrumentality, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have all required licenses, permits, certificates
and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Authorizations) from such federal, state or local government
or governmental agency, department or body that are currently necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries
as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess currently such Governmental Authorizations has not had and is not reasonably
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has received any written (or, to the Companys
knowledge, oral) notice regarding any revocation or material modification of any such Governmental Authorization, which, individually
or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, has or would reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.

3.12Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own, or have rights to use, all material
inventions, patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, service marks, copyrights, trade secrets, know how (including
unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary of confidential information, systems or procedures) and other intellectual property as described
in the SEC Reports necessary for, or used in the conduct of their respective businesses (including as described in the SEC Reports) (collectively,
Intellectual Property), except where any failure to own, possess or acquire such Intellectual Property has not had,
and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Intellectual Property of
the Company and its subsidiaries has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or
in part. To the Companys knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, including no liens,
security interests, or other encumbrances; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property, except, in
each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
No action, suit, or other proceeding is pending, or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened: (A) challenging the Companys
or its subsidiaries rights in or to any Intellectual Property; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual
Property; or (C) alleging that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any patent, trademark,
trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, except, in each case, which, individually or
in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries
have complied in all material respects with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in all material respects, and to the Companys knowledge all such agreements are in full force
and effect. To the Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents or patent applications included in the
Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual
Property.

8

3.13Employee Benefits. Except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, each Benefit Plan has been established and administered in accordance with its terms and in compliance with the applicable provisions
of ERISA, the Code, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations.
The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regarding
employment, except for any failures to comply that are not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect. There is no labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or its subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened which may interfere with the business activities of the Company, except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage
is not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.14Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and foreign income Tax
Returns and other Tax Returns required to have been filed under applicable law (or extensions have been duly obtained) and have paid all
Taxes required to have been paid by them, except for those which are being contested in good faith and except where failure to file such
Tax Returns or pay such Taxes would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No
assessment in connection with United States federal tax returns has been made against the Company. The charges, accruals and reserves
on the books of the Company in respect of any income and corporation tax liability for any years not finally determined are adequate to
meet any assessments or reassessments for additional income tax for any years not finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy
that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No audits, examinations, or other proceedings with respect to any material amounts
of Taxes of the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in progress or have been asserted or proposed in writing without subsequently
being paid, settled or withdrawn. There are no liens on any of the assets of the Company. At all times since inception, the Company has
been and continues to be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)-2 during the period specified in
Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii).

3.15Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and
all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment
or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received
all permits and other Governmental Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their business and (iii) are
in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental
Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits,
licenses or approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received since January 1, 2023, any written notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise),
whether from a governmental authority or other Person, that alleges that the Company or any subsidiary is not in compliance with any Environmental
Law and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with the Companys or any subsidiarys
compliance in any material respects with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company: (i) no current or (during the time a prior property was
leased or controlled by the Company) prior property leased or controlled by the Company or any subsidiary has received since January 1,
2023, any written notice or other communication relating to property owned or leased at any time by the Company, whether from a governmental
authority, or other Person, that alleges that such current or prior owner or the Company or any subsidiary is not in compliance with or
violated any Environmental Law relating to such property in any material respect and (ii) the Company has no material liability under
any Environmental Law.

9

3.16Title. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all personal
property owned by it that is material to the business of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such
as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property
by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. Any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or its subsidiaries
is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made
and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. The Company does not own
any real property.

3.17Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in such amounts
and covering such risks that is customary for comparably situated companies and is adequate for the conduct of its business and the value
of its properties (owned or leased) and assets, and each of such insurance policies is in full force and effect and the Company is in
compliance in all material respects with the terms of such insurance policies. Other than customary end-of-policy notifications from insurance
carriers, since January 1, 2025, the Company has not received any notice or other communication regarding any actual or possible: (i)
cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection
of any material claim under any insurance policy.

3.18Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol TOI. Except as set forth
in the SEC Reports, the Company is in compliance with all listing requirements of Nasdaq applicable to the Company. Except as set forth
in the SEC Reports, there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against
the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the listing of the Common Stock or to deregister the Common Stock
under the Exchange Act. The Company has taken no action as of the date of this Agreement that is designed to terminate the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act.

3.19Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is, and since January 1, 2025 has been, in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the SEC thereunder.

3.20Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance in all
material respects with all Health Care Laws to the extent applicable to the Companys current business, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
received written or, to the Companys knowledge, oral notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation,
arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product
operation or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action,
suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed,
maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or
amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented
by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring
agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective employees, officers, directors,
or agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research
or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that would
reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

10

3.21Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system
of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that the Company maintains records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Companys transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures
are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection
of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the Companys
financial statements. Except as disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has
not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The
Companys disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

3.22Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken, nor will it take, directly
or indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares
or the Warrant Shares.

3.23Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the
Securities will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.24General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person
or entity authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning
of Regulation D of the Securities Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The Company
has not, directly or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as
defined in the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement
for purposes of the Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for
the purposes of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors
set forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, its subsidiaries nor any Person acting on their behalf has,
directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances
that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the
exemption from registration for the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.25Brokers and Finders. Other than the Placement Agent, neither the Company nor any other Person
authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.26Reliance by the Investors. The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations
set forth in this Section 3. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and
the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set
forth herein. 

3.27No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any of its (i) predecessors, (ii) Affiliates,
(iii) directors, (iv) executive officers, (v) non-executive officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, (vi)
beneficial owners of 20% or more of its outstanding voting equity securities (calculated on the basis of voting power), (vii) promoters
or (viii) investment managers (including any of such investment managers directors, executive officers or officers participating
in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) or general partners or managing members of such investment managers (including any of
such general partners or managing members directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated
by this Agreement) (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is
subject to the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event). The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished
to the Investors a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

11

3.28Other Covered Persons. Other than
the Placement Agent, no broker or finder is entitled to any brokerage or finders fee or commission to be paid solely in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.29No Additional Agreements. There are no agreements or understandings between the Company and
any Investor with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than (i) as specified in the Transaction
Agreements and (ii) any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, which side letters the Company has shared with all Investors.

3.30Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Company, its Subsidiaries and, to
the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective officers, directors, supervisors, managers, agents, or employees are and have at
all times been in compliance with and its participation in the offering will not violate: (A) anti-bribery laws, including but not limited
to, any applicable law, rule, or regulation of any locality, including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to
implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December
17, 1997, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other law, rule or regulation
of similar purposes and scope or (B) anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, applicable federal, state, international,
foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation, Title 18 US.
Code sections 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by
an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States is
a member and with which designation the United States representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended,
and any executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued
thereunder.

3.31Cybersecurity. The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment,
computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems)
are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and, to the Companys knowledge, are free and clear of all material Trojan
horses, time bombs, malware and other malicious code. The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable
physical, technical and administrative controls designed to maintain and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, privacy
and security of all sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Confidential Data) used or maintained in connection
with their businesses and Personal Data (defined below), and the integrity, availability continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems. Personal Data has the same meaning as protected health information under HIPAA;
and (iv) any information that would qualify as personal data, personal information (or similar term) under
the Privacy Laws. To the Companys knowledge, there have been no breaches, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to the Companys
IT Systems, Confidential Data, or Personal Data that would require notification under Privacy Laws (as defined below). 

3.32Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior
times were, in material compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations regarding
the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, transfer, disposal, or any other processing (collectively Process
or Processing) of Personal Data, including to the extent applicable HIPAA, the EU General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679), all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws
relating to the regulation of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state
or non-U.S. counterpart thereof (collectively, the Privacy Laws). Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, to ensure material compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its
Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take all appropriate steps necessary to ensure compliance in all respects with their policies
and procedures relating to data privacy and security, and the Processing of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Privacy
Statements). The Company and its Subsidiaries have, except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, at all times since inception provided accurate notice of their Privacy Statements then in effect
to its employees and third party vendors and representatives, to the extent required under the Privacy Laws. To the Companys knowledge,
none of such disclosures made or contained in any Privacy Statements have been materially inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or in material
violation of any Privacy Laws.

12

3.33Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between
or among the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other
hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described.

3.34No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Placement Agent or legal counsel for the
Placement Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

4.Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor, severally for itself and not
jointly with any other Investor, represents and warrants to the Company and the Placement Agent that the statements contained in this
Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date:

4.1Organization. The Investor is either an individual or an entity that is duly incorporated,
formed or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted.

4.2Authorization. The Investor has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to
enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. All corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Investor or its stockholders, members or partners
necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it
will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement has been taken. The execution, delivery
and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Agreements to which such Investor is a party has been duly authorized and each has
been duly executed. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the legal and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its respective terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited or otherwise affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or
similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

4.3No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the
Investor, the purchase of the Securities in accordance with their terms and the consummation by the Investor of the other transactions
contemplated hereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of, breach or default by such Investor (with or without notice or
lapse of time, or both) under, conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation,
a change of control right or to a loss of a material benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational documents of the Investor,
including, without limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement,
as may be applicable or (ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Investor or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause
(ii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to delay or hinder the ability of the Investor to perform
its obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

4.4Residency. The Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment
decision with respect to the Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below the Investors name
on Exhibit A, except as otherwise communicated by the Investor to the Company.

4.5Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker
or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay.

4.6Investment Representations and Warranties. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that,
it (i) as of the date of this Agreement is, if an entity, a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under
the Securities Act) or an institutional accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated
pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an individual, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)
of Regulation D of the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect
its own interests in connection with an investment in the Securities. The Investor further represents and warrants that (x) it is capable
of evaluating the merits and risk of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities
and is an institutional account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). The Investor understands and agrees that the offering
and sale of the Securities has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made
in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things,
the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed herein. 

13

4.7Intent. The Investor is acquiring the Securities, and upon the exercise of the Warrants, will
acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, solely as principal for the Investors own account, for investment
purposes only, and not for the account of others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of
the Securities Act, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the
same in violation of the Securities Act without prejudice (this representation and warranty not limiting such Investors right at
all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Investor is purchasing the Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts,
the Investor has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements,
representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account. The Investor has no present arrangement to sell the
Securities to or through any person or entity. The Investor understands that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless such Securities
are resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by the Investor to hold the Securities for any period of time.

4.8Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic Risks. The Investor
acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Securities and has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of its decision to purchase Securities
pursuant to the Transaction Agreements, and the Investor has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business
and tax advice as the Investor has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor
(i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity and equity-linked securities and capable of
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security
or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Securities. The Investor
acknowledges that the Investor is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including
those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), the Investor has adequately
analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment
for the Investor. The Investor is, at this time and in the foreseeable future, able to afford the loss of the Investors entire
investment in the Securities and the Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

4.9Independent Investment Decision. The Investor understands that nothing in the Transaction
Agreements or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor in connection with the purchase of the Securities
constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in such Investors
sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities.

4.10Securities Not Registered; Legends. 

(a)The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving
any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the Investor understands that the Securities have not been registered
under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, and that the Securities must continue to be held and may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed
of by the Investor unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration
and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The Investor understands that the
exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend
on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements
relating to the Company which are outside of the Investors control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that,
if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it has been
advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities. The Investor
acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings
or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

14

(b)The Investor understands that any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Securities
may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY
STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III)
THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE
(WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

In addition, the Securities
may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Investor, if applicable.

4.11No General Solicitation. The Investor acknowledges that it is not purchasing the Securities
as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine
or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general
solicitation or general advertisement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is purchasing the Securities directly from
the Company. Investor became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact from the Placement Agent or directly
from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the Company or the Placement Agent, and/or their respective
advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons,
representatives, affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the representatives of such persons. The
Securities were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between Investor and the Company, the Placement Agent and/or their respective
representatives. Investor did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to Investor, by any
other means, and none of the Company, the Placement Agent and/or their respective representatives acted as investment advisor, broker
or dealer to Investor. The Investor is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any general or public solicitation or general advertising,
or publicly disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine
or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or
general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

4.12Access to Information. In making its decision to purchase the Securities, each Investor has
relied solely upon independent investigation made by the Investor, upon the SEC Reports and upon the representations, warranties and covenants
set forth herein. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor has received such information as the Investor deems necessary
in order to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities, including, with respect to the Company. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each Investor acknowledges that copies of the SEC Reports are available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. The Investor acknowledges
and agrees that the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have had (i) the opportunity to ask such questions,
receive such answers and obtain such information from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of
the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and
its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its
investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable
effort or expense as the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment
decision with respect to the Securities and that the Investor has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company.
Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by the Investor shall modify, limit or otherwise affect the
Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Each Investor acknowledges
and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided the Investors with any information or
advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate
has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may
have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which the Investor agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with
the issuance of the Securities to each Investor, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor
or fiduciary to such Investor. Other than the Placement Agent, no Person will, to the Investors knowledge, have, as a result of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or any other Investor
for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of
the Investor. The purchase of Securities by each Investor has not been solicited by or through anyone other than the Company or the Placement
Agent.

15

4.13Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the
Investor has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly executed
any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor
was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the
date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the
investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Investors assets, the representation set forth
above shall only apply with respect to the portion of the assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to
purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to its advisors and agents
who had a need to know such information, the Investor has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with
this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability
of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

4.14Beneficial Ownership. The purchase by the Investor of the Securities issuable to it at the
Closing will not result in the Investor individually or together with any other Attribution Party acquiring, or obtaining the right to
acquire, in excess of 4.99% (or, upon election by an Investor prior to the issuance of any Warrants, either 9.99% or 19.99%) of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or the voting power of the Company on a post-transaction basis that assumes that such Closing shall have occurred.
The Investor does not presently intend to, alone or together with others, make a public filing with the SEC to disclose that it has (or
that it together with such other Persons have) acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, as a result of such Closing (when added to
any other securities of the Company that it or they then own or have the right to acquire), in excess of 9.99% or 19.99%, as applicable,
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the voting power of the Company on a post-transaction basis that assumes that the Closing
shall have occurred.

4.15Broker-Dealer Status. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that it is not a registered
broker-dealer registered under Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act, or a member of FINRA or an entity engaged in the business of being a
broker-dealer.

4.16Disqualification Event. To the extent the Investor is one of the covered persons identified
in Rule 506(d)(1), the Investor represents that no Disqualification Event is applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related
Parties (as defined below), except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable.
The Investor hereby agrees that it shall notify the Company promptly in writing in the event a Disqualification Event becomes applicable
to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties, except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii)
or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. For purposes of this Section, Rule 506(d) Related Party means a person or entity
that is a beneficial owner of the Investors securities for purposes of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

4.17No Governmental Review. The Investor acknowledges and understands that no United States federal
or state agency or any other government or Governmental Authority has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities
or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the
offering of the Securities.

4.18Acknowledgements Regarding the Placement Agent. Each Investor acknowledges that the Placement
Agent is acting as a placement agent on a best efforts basis for the Securities being offered hereby and will be compensated
by the Company for acting in such capacity. Each Investor represents that (i) the Investor was contacted regarding the sale of the Securities
by either the Placement Agent or the Company (or an authorized agent or representative thereof) with whom the Investor entered into a
verbal or written confidentiality agreement and (ii) no Securities were offered or sold to it by means of any form of general solicitation
or general advertising as such terms are used in Regulation D of the Securities Act. Each Investor represents that it is making this investment
based on the results of its own due diligence investigation of the Company, and has not relied on any information or advice furnished
by or on behalf of the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Investor acknowledges that the Placement
Agent has not made, and will not make, any representations and warranties with respect to the Company or the transactions contemplated
hereby, and such Investor will not rely on any statements made by the Placement Agent, orally or in writing, to the contrary.

16

5.Other Agreements of the Parties.

5.1Further Assurances. Each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers,
employees, attorneys, accountants and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary
to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and compliance with applicable
law, including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other
parties hereto in complying with the terms of this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that each other party to this agreement and the
Placement Agent will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement.
Prior to the Closing, each party agrees to promptly notify each other party and the Placement Agent if any of the acknowledgments, understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties set forth in either Section 3 or Section 4, as applicable, of this Agreement
are no longer accurate.

5.2Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and
trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

5.3Disclosure of Transactions. 

(a)The Company shall, by 5:30 p.m., New York City time, on the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately
following the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure
Document) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements and
attaching this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (or forms thereof) as exhibits to such Disclosure Document. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates
or advisers, or include the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers in any press release or filing with the SEC (other
than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement) or any regulatory agency, without the prior written
consent of the Investor, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated
by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction Agreements with the SEC or pursuant to other routine proceedings
of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory
agency or under the regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

(b)The Company shall, by 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day immediately
following the date of this Agreement issue a press release and/or a Current Report on Form 8-K (the actual date of such press release
and/or Current Report on Form 8-K, the Disclosure Date) disclosing all material non-public information concerning
the Company disclosed to the Investors. Consequently, following the Disclosure Date, no Investor shall be in possession of any material
non-public information concerning the Company disclosed to the Investors by the Company or its representatives. The Company understands
and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting securities transactions. 

5.4Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors, or that will be integrated with the
offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any National Exchange such that it would require stockholder
approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent
transaction.

17

5.5Removal of Legends.

(a)In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares or Warrant Shares
by an Investor pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any other exemption under the Securities Act such that the purchaser acquires freely
tradable shares and upon compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Investor by notice to
the Company, the Company shall request the Transfer Agent to remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding
such shares and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends as soon as reasonably
practicable following any such request therefor from the Investor, provided, that, the Company has timely received from the Investor
customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection therewith, including, for the avoidance
of doubt, an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company that such transfer may lawfully be made without registration under
the Securities Act. If the Shares or Warrant Shares are sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of pursuant to an effective
registration statement covering the Shares and the Warrant Shares, the Investor and the broker that takes custody of the Shares or Warrant
Shares, shall provide customary representations certifying, among other things, that the Securities will be sold only in accordance with
and pursuant to an effective registration statement. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent and its legal
counsel associated with such legend removal.

(b)Subject to receipt from the Investor, and the broker that takes custody of the Shares or Warrant
Shares, by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith, upon the earliest of such time as the Shares or Warrant Shares (i) have been registered
under the Securities Act pursuant to an effective registration statement (for clarity, at the time of the legend removal request, the
Investor and its broker that takes custody of the Shares or Warrant Shares for purposes of effecting the sale or transfer shall provide
customary representation letters to the Company, the Companys counsel and the Transfer Agent certifying, among other things, that
the Securities (i) will be sold only in accordance with and pursuant to an effective registration statement); (ii) have been sold pursuant
to Rule 144, or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the
current public information requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor provision), the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 5.5(b) and as soon as reasonably practicable following any request therefor from an Investor accompanied by such
customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above, (A) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the
Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares, and (B) cause its counsel to deliver to the Transfer Agent
one or more opinions to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if
required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

5.6Withholding Taxes. Each Investor agrees to furnish the Company with any information, representations
and forms as shall reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax
law (including any withholding obligations).

5.7Fees and Commissions. The Company shall be solely responsible for the payment of any placement
agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for Persons engaged by an Investor) relating to
or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to the Placement
Agent. 

5.8No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement
or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Investors
under the Transaction Agreements. 

5.9Indemnification.

(a)The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its Affiliates, and their respective
directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons),
from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and documented
attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing
or defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Person may become
subject as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company
under the Transaction Agreements, and will reimburse any such Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Person solely to
the extent such amounts have been finally judicially determined not to have resulted from such Persons
fraud, gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.

18

(b)Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying
party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such
claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided, that, any person entitled to indemnification hereunder
shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying
party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable
judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying
party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to
employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense
of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written
notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure
to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood
that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more
than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent
of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or
enter into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional
term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability
of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability,
wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent
of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment
or enter into any settlement.

5.10Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved and
the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Warrant Shares that are issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

5.11.Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of (a) forty-five
(45) days after the Closing Date and (b) the Business Day immediately following the effective date of the registration statement filed
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Lock-up Period), the Company shall not, without the prior written
consent of Parian Global TOI LP (together with its Affiliates, the Lead Investor), (A) issue shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents; provided, however, that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (i) the issuance of stock options,
restricted stock, or restricted stock units in accordance with the Companys equity plans that are outstanding as of the date of
this Agreement and described in the SEC Reports, (ii) the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalent in connection
with the exercise of options or warrants, or settlement of restricted stock units (including any net or cashless
exercises or settlements), (iii) the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents in connection with the conversion
or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and described in the SEC Reports,
including without limitation, the conversion of any shares of the Companys Series A Common Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (Series A Preferred Stock) and Senior Secured Convertible Notes, (iv) the issuance of
securities, directly or indirectly, pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Exchange
Agreement), by and among the Company, Deerfield Private Design Fund V, L.P., Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. and Deerfield
Partners, L.P. (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the issuance of Common Stock upon the conversion or exercise, as applicable, of
any Series A Preferred Stock or common stock purchase warrants issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, (v) the issuance of securities,
directly or indirectly, in connection with the exercise of the Participation Right (as defined in the 2025 Consent and Amendment (as
defined in the Exchange Agreement)) (B) effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar
transaction affecting the outstanding Common Stock; provided, however, that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to any reverse
stock split undertaken for the purpose of maintaining compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements, as determined to be necessary
by the Company, in its sole discretion, or (C) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to any shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

19

6.Conditions of Closing(i).

6.2Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to
consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Securities being purchased by it at the
Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for those representation and warranties qualified by materiality or
Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date,
as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date,
in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for those
representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects as
of such earlier date.

(b)Performance. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and
conditions herein required to be performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)No Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor shall not be
prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing.
No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court
or judge, or any order of or by any Governmental Entity, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted
by any Governmental Entity, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or in the other Transaction
Agreements.

(d)Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations
and waivers necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Securities, all of which shall be in full force and effect.

(e)Transfer Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent
to reflect the issuance of the Shares at the Closing.

(f)Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have
occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors
and the Placement Agent at the Closing Date a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations
and Warranties), 6.1(b) (Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(d) (Consents), 6.1(e) (Transfer Agent),
6.1(f) (Adverse Changes), and 6.1(j) (Listing Requirements) of this Agreement have been fulfilled.

(h)Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors
at the Closing Date a certificate certifying (i) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Amended and Restated
Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (or an authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement,
the other Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the Securities and the Warrant Shares.

20

(i)Legal Opinion. A legal opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP as counsel for the Company, directed
to the Investors and the Placement Agent, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Investors and the Placement Agent.

(j)Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration
Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Investors.

(k)Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth
on the signature pages hereto.

6.3Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the
transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and to issue and sell to each Investor the Securities to be purchased by it at the Closing
pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor in Section
4 hereto shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing
Date and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Investor of each of the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date.

(b)Performance. Each Investor shall have performed or complied with in all material respects
all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such Investor on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor shall not be prohibited
or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation.

(d)Registration Rights Agreement. Each Investor shall have executed and delivered the Registration
Rights Agreement to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit D.

(e)Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer
of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities
being purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

7.Termination. 

7.1Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and the Investors, on the other
hand, to effect the Closing shall terminate as follows:

(i)Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and the Investors that agreed to purchase a majority
of the Securities prior to the Closing;

(ii)By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable
of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company;

(iii)By an Investor (with respect to itself only) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1
shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by such Investor; or

(iv)By either the Company or an Investor (with respect to itself only) if the Closing has not occurred
on or prior to the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement;

21

provided, however,
that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the party seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing shall not then
be in breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach
has resulted in the circumstances giving rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing.

7.2Notice. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor of its obligations to effect
the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other Investors by the Company. Nothing in this
Section 7 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions
of the Transaction Agreements or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other obligations
under the Transaction Agreements.

8.Miscellaneous Provisions.

8.1Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in Section 5.3, neither the Company
nor any Investor shall make any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided
for herein without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from
making any public announcement it considers necessary in order to satisfy its obligations under the law, including applicable securities
laws, or under the rules of any national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors
reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance or filing, and the Company will consider in good
faith any Investor comments. The Company shall not include the name of an Investor in any press release or public announcement (which,
for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any filing with the SEC) without the prior written consent of any such Investor, except
as otherwise required by law or the applicable rules or regulations of any securities exchange or securities market, in which case the
Company shall allow any such Investor, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, reasonable time to comment on such release
or announcement in advance of such issuance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8.1, Investor review shall
not be required for Company disclosures that are substantially consistent with prior Company disclosures.

8.2Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when
delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then
on the recipients next Business Day, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt
requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid,
specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt:

(a)If to the Company, addressed as follows:

c/o The Oncology Institute, Inc.

18000 Studebaker Road, Suite 800

Cerritos, CA 90703

Attention: Daniel Virnich and Mark Hueppelsheuser

Email: DanielVirnich@theoncologyinstitute.com; MarkHueppelsheuser@theoncologyinstitute.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

c/o Latham & Watkins LLP

10250 Constellation Blvd, Suite 1100

Century City, CA 90067

Attention: Steven Stokdyk and Brent Epstein

Email: steven.stokdyk@LW.com; brent.epstein@LW.com

22

(b)If to any Investor, at its address or e-mail address set forth on Exhibit A, or such
address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 8.2.

Any Person may change the
address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

8.3Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict
with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a
provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable
manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

8.4Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury.

(a)This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New
York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other
jurisdiction, except to the extent that mandatory principles of Delaware law may apply.

(b)The Company and each of the Investors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(i)submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in
the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York in the State of New York;

(ii)consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection
that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was
brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law;

(iii)agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy
thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be,
at its address set forth in Section 8.2 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified pursuant
thereto;

(iv)agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner
permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction
in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties hereto;

(v)agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be
enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment; provided, that service
of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law;

(vi)agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction
of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect
of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and

(vii)irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation
to this Agreement.

23

8.5Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct
or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term,
provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

8.6Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each
party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed
by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed investment in the Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby; provided, that the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day
processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied
in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investors.

8.7Assignment. None of the parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement
or designate another person (i) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights
and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an Investor, and
(y) the Investors, in the case of the Company; provided, that an Investor may, without the prior consent of the Company, assign
its rights to purchase the Securities hereunder to any of its Affiliates or to any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised
by the investment manager who acts on behalf of such Investor (provided, each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of
this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4). In the event of any assignment in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing
a writing agreeing to be bound by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature
page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve
any party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement.

8.8Confidential Information.

(a)Each Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
any material non-public information provided to such Investor are publicly disclosed by the Company, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality
of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than
to such Investors outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation
of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services
and other than as may be required by law.

(b)The Company may request from the Investors such reasonable and customary additional information as
the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Securities, and the Investor shall promptly
provide such information as may reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that, the Company agrees to
keep any such information provided by the Investor confidential, except (i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations
and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory
agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq. The Investors acknowledge that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement with the SEC as exhibit to a current report, a periodic report or a registration statement of the Company.

8.9Reliance by and Exculpation of Placement Agent.

(a)Each Investor agrees for the express benefit of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and its representatives
that (i) the Placement Agent, its affiliates and its representatives have not made, and will not make any representations or warranties
with respect to the Company or the offer and sale of the Securities, and the Investor has not relied and will not rely on any statements
made by the Placement Agent, orally or in writing, to the contrary, (ii) the Investor will be responsible for conducting its own due diligence
investigation with respect to the Company and the offer and sale of the Securities, (iii) the Investor will be purchasing Securities based
on the results of its own due diligence investigation of the Company and the Placement Agent and each of its directors, officers, employees,
representatives, and controlling persons have made no independent investigation with respect to the Company, the Securities, or the accuracy,
completeness, or adequacy of any information supplied to the Investor by the Company, (iv) the Investor has negotiated the offer and sale
of the Securities directly with the Company, and the Placement Agent will not be responsible for the ultimate success of any such investment
and (v) the decision to invest in the Company will involve a significant degree of risk, including a risk of total loss of such investment.
Each Investor further represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that it, including any fund or funds that it manages or advises that
participates in the offer and sale of the Securities, is permitted under its constitutive documents (including, without limitation, all
limited partnership agreements, charters, bylaws, limited liability company agreements, all applicable side letters with investors, and
similar documents) to make investments of the type contemplated by this Agreement. This Section 8.10 shall survive any termination
of this Agreement.

24

(b)The Company agrees and acknowledges that the Placement Agent may rely on its representations, warranties,
agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement and each Investor agrees that the Placement Agent may rely on such Investors
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement as if such representations and warranties, as applicable, were made directly
to the Placement Agent.

(c)Neither the Placement Agent nor any of its affiliates or representatives (1) shall be liable for
any improper payment made in accordance with the information provided by the Company; (2) makes any representation or warranty, or has
any responsibilities as to the validity, accuracy, value or genuineness of any information, certificates or documentation delivered by
or on behalf of the Company pursuant to the Transaction Agreements or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated therein;
or (3) shall be liable (x) for any action taken, suffered or omitted by any of them in good faith and reasonably believed to be authorized
or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by the Transaction Agreements or (y) for anything which any of them may
do or refrain from doing in connection with the Transaction Agreements, except in each case for such partys own fraud, gross negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct.

(d)The Company agrees that the Placement Agent, its affiliates and representatives shall be entitled
to (1) rely on, and shall be protected in acting upon, any certificate, instrument, notice, letter or any other document or security delivered
to any of them by or on behalf of the Company, and (2) be indemnified by the Company for acting as the Placement Agent hereunder pursuant
to the indemnification provisions set forth in the letter agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent.

8.10Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any
Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason
of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder,
director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative
action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Placement Agent is an intended third-party beneficiary of
the representations and warranties of the Company and of each Investor set forth in Section 3, Section 4 and Section
8.9 respectively, of this Agreement and (ii) the Indemnified Persons are intended third-party beneficiaries of Section 5.9.

8.11Independent Nature of Investors Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Investor
under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any
way for the performance obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor
pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not so constitute,
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way
acting in concert or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each Investor confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation of the
transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Investor also acknowledges that Latham & Watkins
LLP has not rendered legal advice to such Investor in connection with this offering. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary
for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all
Investors with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any Investor.

25

8.12Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference
and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

8.13Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of
which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered
to the other party; provided, that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal
ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same
force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

8.14Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (including
all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto), together with any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, constitute the entire
agreement between the parties hereto respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations,
understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter of this Agreement, whether written or oral. No amendment,
modification, alteration, or change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made
in writing and duly executed by the Company and the Investors of at least a majority in interest of the Securities then held by the Investors;
provided, that prior to the Closing the consent of all Investors shall be required. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement
may not be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written
consent of such Investor unless such amendment or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion. The Company, on the one hand, and
each Investor, on the other hand, may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction
by such Investor or the Company, respectively, with any term or provision of this Agreement or any condition hereto to be performed, complied
with or satisfied by such Investor or the Company, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary,
no amendment, modification, alteration, change or waiver of Section 3, Section 4, this Section 8.15 and the last
sentence of Section 8.10 shall be valid without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

8.15Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained
in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities in accordance with their respective terms. Each Investor
shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

8.16Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company
and each provision of this Agreement has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall
not be construed for or against any party hereto.

8.17Arms Length Negotiations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm
that the terms and conditions of the Securities were determined as a result of arms-length negotiations. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]

26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY:

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

By: /s/
Daniel Virnich 

Name: Daniel Virnich 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: M33 Growth I L.P.

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Gabe Ling 

Name of Authorized Signatory: Gabe Ling 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $2,999,998.77

Shares: 2,716,898

Warrant Shares: 1,358,449

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

28

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: NEEM Partners LLC&

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Prashant Gupta

Name of Authorized Signatory: Prashant Gupta

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $4,299,999.93

Shares: 3,894,222

Warrant Shares: 1,947,111

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

29

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto
have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

RAB Ventures (DFP) LLC

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Richard A. Barasch

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Richard A. Barasch

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: 

1,499,998.28

Shares: 

1,358,448

Warrant Shares: 

679,224

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Pacala Enterprises, LLC

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Mark Pacala

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Mark Pacala

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $99,998.56

Shares: 

90,562

Warrant Shares: 42,281

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

31

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Niraj Javeri

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s Niraj Javeri

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Niraj Javeri

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $499,999.43

Shares: 

452,816

Warrant Shares: 

226,408

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

32

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

AJAVERI RD LLC

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Akshay Javeri

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Akshay Javeri

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $199,999.33

Shares: 

181,126

Warrant Shares: 

90,563

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Andrew Ralph

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Andrew Ralph

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Andrew Ralph

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $199,999.33

Shares: 

181,126

Warrant Shares: 

90,563

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

34

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Brad Hively

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Brad Hively

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Brad Hively

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $9,999.64

Shares: 

9,056

Warrant Shares: 

4,528

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Daniel Virnich

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Daniel Virnich

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Daniel Virnich

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $24,999.09

Shares: 

22,640

Warrant Shares: 

11,320

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

36

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Karen Johnson

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Karen Johnson

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Karen Johnson

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $39,998.54

Shares: 

36,224

Warrant Shares: 

18,112

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

37

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Yale Podnos

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Yale Podnos

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Yale Podnos

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $9,999.64

Shares: 

9,056

Warrant Shares: 

4,528

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

38

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Jeremy N. Castle

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Jeremy N. Castle

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Jeremy N. Castle

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $9,999.64

Shares: 

9,056

Warrant Shares: 

4,528

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

39

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Robert Carter

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Robert Carter

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Robert Carter

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $9,999.64

Shares: 

9,056

Warrant Shares: 

4,528

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

Name of Investor: 

Parian Global TOI LP

Signature of Authorized Signatory: /s/ Zachary Clair Miller

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Zachary Clair Miller

Address for Notice to Purchaser: ***

***

Address for Delivery of Securities:

(if not same as address for notice): ***

***

Subscription Amount: $6,449,710.52

Shares: 

5,886,614 (3,000,000 common stock, 2,886,614 PF warrants) 

Warrant Shares: 

2,943,307

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% or 19.99% or 
4.9%

EIN Number: ***

[Signature Page to
Securities Purchase Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A

INVESTORS

[Intentionally Omitted]

A-1

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF COMMON WARRANT

[Intentionally Omitted]

B-1

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT

[Intentionally Omitted]

C-1

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

[Intentionally Omitted]

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10x2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
(including the schedules, annexes and exhibits hereto, this Agreement), dated as of March 24, 2025, is entered into
by and among The Oncology Institute, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Deerfield Private Design Fund V,
L.P., (DPD V) Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. (DPD IV), and Deerfield Partners, L.P.
(DP and together with DPD V and DPD IV, the Holders and each a Holder).

RECITALS:

A.The
Company is a party to that certain Facility Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2022, by and among the Company, DP, as agent for itself and
the other lenders, DPD IV and DPD V (together with all exhibits and schedules thereto and as may be amended, restated, modified and supplemented
from time to time, the Facility Agreement).

B.As
of the date hereof, each Holder holds a Note (as defined in the Facility Agreement) with an outstanding balance equal to the amount set
forth opposite such Holders name on Schedule A hereto under the caption Outstanding Principal Amount.

C.On
February 26, 2025, the Company, the other Loan Parties (as defined in the Facility Agreement) signatory thereto and DP, as agent, entered
into that certain Limited Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Facility Agreement (the 2025 Consent and Amendment), which
provides, among other things, for the Participation Right (as defined in the 2025 Consent and Amendment).

D.Concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company is entering into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof (the Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company and each of the Investors listed on Exhibit A thereto,
pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of 12,006,510 shares (the PIPE Shares) of
the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, warrants to purchase up to 7,446,562
shares of Common Stock in substantially the form of the warrants attached as Exhibit B to the Purchase Agreement (the PIPE Common
Warrants) and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 2,886,614 shares of Common Stock in substantially the form of the warrant
attached as Exhibit C to the Purchase Agreement (together with the PIPE Common Warrants, the PIPE Warrants).

E.Contemporaneously
with the sale of the PIPE Shares and the Warrants pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed to execute and deliver
a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Purchase Agreement.

F.Prior
to the date hereof, the Company designated a series of preferred stock as Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock), by filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock of the Company (the
Existing Certificate of Designation). In connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Company proposes
to amend the Existing Certificate of Designation to increase the number of shares of Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock that the
Company is authorized to issue by filing an amendment to the Existing Certificate of Designation in substantially the form of Exhibit
A (the Certificate of Designation Amendment and the Existing Certificate of Designation, as amended thereby,
the Certificate of Designation).

G.Each
Holder desires to exercise its Participation Right in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and, pursuant
to this Agreement (and subject to the terms and conditions hereof), in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), each Holder will exchange the principal amount of such Holders Note set forth
opposite such Holders name on Schedule A hereto under the caption Exchanged Principal Amount (the Exchanged
Principal Amount) for shares of the Companys Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock) and a Common Stock Purchase Warrant in substantially the form of Exhibit B (each,
a Warrant).

1

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Article
I. 

exchange; closing

Section 1.01.Exchange. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the Closing (as defined below), each
Holder and the Company hereby agree to exchange the Exchanged Principal Amount of such Holders Note for the issuance and delivery
by the Company to such Holder of (i) the number of shares of Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock set forth opposite such Holders
name under the caption Exchange Shares on Schedule A hereto (the Exchange Shares and the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion thereof, the Conversion Shares) and (ii) a Warrant to purchase the number
of shares of Common Stock set forth opposite such Holders name under the caption Warrant Shares (such warrant, the
Exchange Warrant and the shares issuable pursuant to the Exchange Warrant, the Warrant Shares
and, together with the Exchange Warrant, the Exchange Shares and the Conversion Shares, the Securities). The exchange
contemplated by this Section 1.01 is referred to herein as the Exchange. 

Section 1.02.Closing and Settlement.

(a)Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of all of the conditions to the Exchange set forth in Article
IV, the closing of the Exchange (the Closing) shall be consummated and become effective substantially contemporaneously
with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (the time of such effectiveness, the Effective Time
and the date of such Closing, the Closing Date). 

(b)At the Closing, the Company shall (i) issue to each Holder (or its designee) its Exchange Shares
and deliver to such Holder stock certificates, duly executed on behalf of the Company, representing such Holders Exchange Shares;
and (ii) issue and deliver to each Holder its Exchange Warrant, duly executed on behalf of the Company. 

(c)Upon the Effective Time, each Holder shall be deemed for all purposes to have become the legal, beneficial
and record holder of its Exchange Shares and its Exchange Warrant and, upon the issuance to each Holder of its Exchange Shares and Exchange
Warrant and payment to each Holder of the Cash Interest (as defined below) as provided in Section 1.03, the Obligations under the Note
shall be deemed to have been reduced by the Exchanged Principal Amount. 

(d)Upon the request of any Holder following the Effective Time, the Company shall deliver to each Holder
in replacement of its Note a new Note in a principal amount that gives effect to the Exchange. As promptly as possible thereafter (and
provided that each Holder shall have received the Exchange Shares, the Exchange Warrant and payment to each Holder of the Cash Interest
as provided in Section 1.03) each Holder shall deliver the Note for cancellation. For the avoidance of doubt, the Exchange shall not be
conditioned upon, or be subject to, the delivery of such new Note by the Company or delivery of the existing Note by each Holder.

Section 1.03.Cash Interest. The Company shall pay or cause to be paid to each Holder any accrued and unpaid
interest on the Exchanged Principal Amount through and including the Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds denominated
in United States dollars, to an account designated by each Holder at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date (the Cash
Interest). Upon the delivery to each Holder of such Holders Exchange Shares and Exchange Warrant, and the payment to
such Holder of Cash Interest, any and all Make Whole Amounts (as defined in the Facility Agreement) that would otherwise be due and owing
to such Holder under the Facility Documents (as defined in the Facility Agreement) in respect of such Holders Exchanged Principal
Amount shall be deemed to be irrevocably and indefinitely waived by such Holder, in accordance with Section 3(b)(vi) of the 2025 Consent
and Amendment.

2

Article
II.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Section 2.01.Representations and Warranties of the Holders. Each Holder, severally and not jointly, hereby
represents and warrants to the Company as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as follows:

(a)Incorporation and Authority. Such Holder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Such Holder has all requisite limited partnership power to enter into, consummate
the transactions contemplated by, and carry out its obligations under this Agreement. The execution and delivery by such Holder of this
Agreement and the consummation by such Holder of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all requisite
limited partnership action on the part of such Holder. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Holder. Assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto, this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of such Holder, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject in each case to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights and
remedies generally and subject, as to enforceability, to the effect of general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement
is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).

(b)Non-Contravention.

(i)Neither the execution, delivery and performance by such Holder of this Agreement, nor the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by such Holder with any of the provisions hereof or thereof, will (A) violate,
conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or
both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right
of termination or acceleration of, or result in the creation of any Lien (as defined in the Facility Agreement) upon any of the properties
or assets of such Holder under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (i) its governing instruments or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which such Holder is a party or by which it may
be bound, or to which such Holder or any of the properties or assets of such Holder may be subject, or (B) subject to compliance with
the statutes and regulations referred to in the next paragraph, violate any Law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation, permit, concession,
grant, franchise or any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction or decree applicable to such Holder or any of their respective properties
or assets, except in the case of clauses (A)(ii) and (B) for such violations, conflicts and breaches as would not reasonably be expected
to materially and adversely affect such Holders ability to perform its respective obligations under this Agreement or consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.

(ii)Other than filings with the SEC which may be required under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on the part of such Holder and other persons that may be deemed to beneficially
own the Securities, no notice to, registration, declaration or filing with, exemption or review by, or authorization, order, consent or
approval of, any Governmental Entity (as defined below), nor expiration or termination of any statutory waiting period, is necessary for
the consummation by such Holder of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)Ownership of the Exchanged Notes. Such Holder is the record and beneficial owner of, and has
good and valid title to, its Note, free and clear of all Liens, and has full power to dispose thereof and to exercise all rights thereunder
(other than as restricted by this Agreement or the Facility Agreement and other than pledges or security interests that such Holder may
have created in favor of a prime broker under and in accordance with its prime brokerage account with such broker), without the consent
or approval of, or any other action on the part of, any other Person. 

(d)Brokers and Finders. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finders or other fee or commission in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based
upon arrangements made by or on behalf of such Holder.

3

(e)No Governmental Review. Such Holder acknowledges and understands that no United States federal
or state agency or any other government or Governmental Entity has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities
or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the
offering of the Securities

Section 2.02.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants
to each Holder as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as follows:

(a)Incorporation and Authority.

(i)The Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State
of Delaware. The Company has all requisite corporate or other applicable organizational power to (i) enter into, consummate the transactions
contemplated by, and carry out its obligations under this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation (as defined below), and each other
agreement, document, instrument, schedule or certificate contemplated by this Agreement to be executed by the Company in connection with
or as a condition to each Holders obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder (the Ancillary Documents),
including the issuance of the Exchange Shares and the Exchange Warrants hereunder, the issuance of the Conversion Shares in accordance
with the Certificate of Designation and the issuance of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the Exchange Warrants, and (ii) own, lease
and operate its properties and carry on its business as presently conducted, and the Company is duly qualified to do business and is in
good standing in all jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified,
except for any failure under clause (ii) that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect (as defined below). 

(ii)The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document, and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents have been duly authorized by
all requisite corporate or other similar organizational action on the part of the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, no stockholder
approval is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any Ancillary Document, or the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including the issuance of the Exchange Shares and the Exchange Warrants hereunder, the
issuance of the Conversion Shares in accordance with the Certificate of Designation and the issuance of the Warrant Shares in accordance
with the Exchange Warrants), including any stockholder approval that would be necessary to remain in compliance with the rules of the
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) or required under the rules and regulations of the SEC or the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware. This Agreement has been, and each Ancillary Document will be, duly executed and delivered by the Company.
Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto, this Agreement constitutes, and each of the Ancillary
Documents will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their respective terms, subject in each case to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar
Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and subject, as to enforceability,
to the effect of general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

4

(iii)Neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document,
nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by the Company with any of the provisions hereof
or thereof will (a) violate or conflict with the organizational documents of the Company, (b) conflict with or violate any Law applicable
to the Company or by which any of its properties or assets is bound or subject or (c) result in any breach of, or constitute a default
(or event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or give to any person any rights
of termination, acceleration or cancellation of or result in the creation of any Lien on any of the assets or properties of the Company,
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets is bound or subject, except,
in the case of clauses (b) and (c), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, terminations, accelerations, cancellations
or creations as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance (directly or indirectly) of the Securities is not, and will not be, subject to, or trigger,
any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer, notice rights, approval/consent rights, voting rights, review rights
or similar rights of any third party and will not trigger any price reset or anti-dilution rights. 

(iv)Except for compliance with any applicable state securities or blue sky laws, no consent or approval
of, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of
this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, other than such other consents, approvals, filings or registrations that, if not obtained,
made or given, would not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(b)Sale of Securities. The offer, issuance and sale of the Exchange Shares and the Exchange Warrants
pursuant to this Agreement and the Conversion Shares in accordance with the Certificate of Designation are exempt from the registration
and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder pursuant to Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any person acting on its behalf, has made any offers or sales of any security or solicited
any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offering or issuance of the Exchange Shares or Exchange Warrants
under this Agreement, the Conversion Shares under the Certificate of Designation or the Warrant Shares in accordance with the Exchange
Warrants to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company, and the Company covenants and agrees that, following the date hereof, it
will not take any action or steps that would cause the offering or issuance of the Exchange Shares or Exchange Warrants under this Agreement,
the Conversion Shares under the Certificate of Designation or the Warrant Shares in accordance with the Exchange Warrants to be integrated
with other offerings, in each case, for purposes of (i) the Securities Act that would result in any applicable exemption from registration
under the Securities Act not being available for the offer, sale or issuance of the Securities or (ii) the stockholder approval provisions
of Nasdaq. Neither the Company nor any other person acting on its behalf has paid any commission or remuneration that would render the
exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(9) under the Securities Act unavailable in connection with the issuance of the Securities.

(c)Validity. The Exchange Shares, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares have been duly
authorized and, when issued pursuant to this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation or the Exchange Warrants, as applicable, shall
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to pre-emptive rights created by statute, the bylaws of the Company (as
amended or modified from time to time prior to the Effective Time, the Bylaws) or the certificate of incorporation
of the Company (as amended or modified from time to time prior to the date Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation)
or any contract to which the Company is a party or is otherwise bound. As of the Effective Time, the Company shall have the right, authority
and power to issue, assign and deliver the Securities to each Holder. Upon delivery of the Securities to each Holder, such Holder shall
acquire good, valid and marketable title to the Securities, free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer of the Warrant
Shares imposed by applicable securities Laws to the extent such Warrant Shares are issued to such Holder pursuant to an exercise of the
Exchange Warrants for cash. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock 3,723,283 shares of Common Stock for issuance
hereafter upon conversion of the Exchange Shares (in addition to shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of any other
shares of Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock) and 1,861,642 shares of Common Stock for issuance hereafter upon exercise of the
Exchange Warrants. 

5

(d)Brokers and Finders. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finders or other fee or commission in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based
upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, the Placement Agent (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement) will not receive any remuneration for the offer, sale or issuance of the Securities. 

(e)Anti-Takeover Provisions. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary
action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business
combination, fair price, moratorium, or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate
of Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents or the Laws of the State of Delaware which is applicable to each Holder as
a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents in the manner contemplated
hereby and thereby, including the Companys issuance of the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares and each Holders ownership
of the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares.

(f)Investment Company Status. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is an investment
company, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a company controlled by an investment company or
an affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(g)Certificate of Designation. The Certificate of Designation is effective and has not been rescinded
or revoked.

(h)Full Disclosure. Except for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the
filing of the Certificate of Designations Amendment, or the Purchase Agreement, no event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred
or exists, or is contemplated to occur with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of its or their business, properties,
prospects, operations or financial condition, (i) that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws
on a registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC relating to an issuance and sale by the Common Stock or (ii) that, under applicable
securities laws, is required to have been, or be, publicly disclosed by the Company (on SEC Form 8-K otherwise) prior to, on or within
four (4) Business Days after the date this representation is made, and, in either case, that has not been publicly disclosed by the Company
at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date this representation is made. 

(i)Incorporation by Reference. Each of the representations and warranties of the Company set
forth in Section 3 of the Purchase Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof and are incorporated herein by reference, with
the same force and effect as if fully set forth herein, mutatis mutandis. 

Article
III. 

COVENANTS

Section 3.01.2025 Consent and Amendment. Each of the Company and each Holder acknowledges and agrees that
the Securities constitute Participation Securities within the meaning of such term under the 2025 Consent and Amendment,
and that each Holder shall be entitled, with respect to such Holders Securities, to all of the rights, benefits and privileges
as are provided under the 2025 Consent and Amendment in respect of Participation Securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of Sections 6(f) (Reservation of Shares), 6(g) (Issuance of Participation
Securities), 6(h) (Registration Statement), 6(i) (Listing), 6(k) (Taxes) and 6(l) (Tax Treatment) of the 2025 Consent and Amendment are
hereby incorporated herein by reference, with the same force and effect as if such provisions were fully set forth herein, mutatis
mutandis. The parties further agree that any notice or election permitted or required to be given or made pursuant to Section 3(b)
of the 2025 Consent and Amendment shall be deemed to have been timely given or made in respect of the offer and sale of securities contemplated
by this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, without giving effect to any amendment or modification thereof,
or waiver of any provision thereunder). 

6

Section 3.02.Reservation of Shares. On and after the date hereof, the Company shall at all times reserve
and keep available, free of preemptive or similar rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the
Company to issue all of the Conversion Shares pursuant to the Certificate of Designation (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Cap
(as defined in the Certificate of Designation)) and all of the Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrants (assuming the exercise thereof
for cash, and without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Warrants)).

Section 3.03.Certain Stockholders Rights Plans. At any time that any Securities remain outstanding,
the Company shall not adopt any stockholder rights agreement, poison pill or similar anti-takeover agreement or plan that
is applicable to each Holder unless the Company has excluded each Holder from the definition of acquiring person (or such
similar term) as such term is defined in such anti-takeover agreement to the extent of such Holders beneficial ownership of Preferred
Stock or Common Stock owned as of the date any such agreement or plan is adopted by the Company.

Section 3.04.Blue Sky Filings. The Company shall make all filings, if any, under applicable securities
or Blue Sky Laws of the states of the United States as shall be necessary in connection with the offering and sale of the
Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares.

Section 3.05.No Exchange Act Registration. For so long as any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the
Company shall not register, or permit the registration of, the Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock under the Exchange Act.

Section 3.06.Disclosure. 

(a)The Company shall, by 8:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day immediately
following the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure
Document) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Ancillary
Documents and the Transactions Agreements (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and attaching this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement,
the Certificate of Designation Amendment and the other Transaction Agreements (or forms thereof) as exhibits to such Disclosure Document
(in each case, without redaction, and included the schedules and exhibits thereto), and all material non-public information concerning
the Company or its securities disclosed to any Holder or any Affiliate, agent or representative of any Holder on or prior to the date
hereof in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. At or prior to 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st)
Business Day immediately following the earlier of (i) the Effective Time and (ii) the date this Agreement is terminated, the Company shall
file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (y) disclosing the occurrence of the Effective Time, the consummation of the Exchange and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement or (z) disclosing that this Agreement has been terminated
(the Closing Form 8-K). The Company represents and warrants that, from and after the filing of the Disclosure Document,
it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information (if any) provided or made available to any Holder (or any Holders
Affiliates, agents or representatives) by the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise on or prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding anything contained in
this Agreement to the contrary, and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that, from and after the filing of the Disclosure Document, neither any Holder nor any affiliate of any Holder shall have (unless
expressly agreed to by such Holder after the date hereof in a written definitive and binding agreement executed by the Company and such
Holder or customary oral (confirmed by e-mail) wall cross agreement, any duty of trust or confidence with respect to, or
a duty not to trade in any securities while aware of, any information regarding the Company.

(b)Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not publicly disclose
the name of any Holder or any of its affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Holder or any of its affiliates or advisers in
any press release or filing with the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the RRA) or any regulatory agency, without
the prior written consent of the Holder, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration
statement contemplated by the RRA and (B) the filing of this Agreement and the RRA with the SEC or pursuant to other routine proceedings
of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by Law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory
agency or under the regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

7

Section 3.07.Certain Securities Law Matters. The Company represents, warrants, acknowledges and agrees
that (i) the Conversion Shares, when issued upon conversion of the Exchange Shares in accordance with the Certificate of Designation,
shall assume the unrestricted character of the Exchange Shares; (ii) the Unrestricted Condition specified in clause (A) of Section 6(d)(ii)
of the Certificate of Designation shall be deemed to have been satisfied in respect of such Exchange Shares and Conversion Shares; (iii)
as of the date hereof the Conversion Shares and the Exchange Shares are not, and following the date hereof will not be, subject to any
stop transfer instructions restricting the sale or transferability thereof; (iv) upon any Cashless Exercise (as defined in the Warrants)
of the Warrants, the Warrant Shares issuable upon such Cashless Exercise will not be subject to any stop transfer and (v) for purposes
of Rule 144, each Holder shall be deemed to have acquired its Exchange Shares and its Warrant on the date such Holder acquired its Note.
The Exchange Shares and the Conversion Shares are not subject to any restrictions on transfer under the Bylaws. 

Section 3.08.Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Holders, or that will be integrated with the offer
or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any National Exchange such that it would require stockholder approval
prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

Section 3.09.No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement
or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Holder under
this Agreement or any Ancillary Document.

Section 3.10.Indemnification.

(a)The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder and its Affiliates, and their respective
directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons),
from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and documented
attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing
or defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Person may become
subject as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company
under the this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, and will reimburse any such Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such
Person.

(b)Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying
party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such
claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided, that, any person entitled to indemnification hereunder
shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying
party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable
judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying
party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to
employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense
of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written
notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure
to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood
that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more
than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent
of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or
enter into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional
term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability
of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability,
wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent
of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment
or enter into any settlement.

8

Section 3.11.Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved and
the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Exchange Shares (without regarding
to the Beneficial Ownership Cap) and the Warrant Shares that are issuable pursuant to the Warrants (assuming the exercise thereof for
cash and without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

Section 3.12.Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation. The Company shall, promptly following
the date hereof (and in any event prior to the Closing), cause the Certificate of Designation Amendment to be filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware and to become effective. 

Article
IV. 

CONDITIONS.

Section 4.01.Conditions to the Companys and each Holders Obligations. The obligations of
each Holder, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, to consummate the Exchange and effect the Closing are subject to the
satisfaction at the Closing of the following condition: 

(a)No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgement or order issued
by any Governmental Entity shall have been issued, and no Law shall be in effect, restraining, enjoining, making illegal or otherwise
prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and 

(b)The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement shall be occurring substantially
contemporaneously with the Closing. 

Section 4.02.Conditions to the Companys Obligations. The obligation of the Company to consummate
the Exchange and effect the Closing is subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:

(a)The representations and warranties of the Holder contained in Section 2.01 shall be true and
correct as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made as of such date (except for representations and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date), except where the failure
of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
materially impair or delay the Holders ability to perform or comply with its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Holder shall have in all material respects performed, satisfied and complied with the covenants,
agreements and conditions required hereunder to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Holder at or prior to the Closing Date.

Section 4.03.Conditions to the Holders Obligations. The obligation of the Holder to consummate the
Exchange and effect the Closing is subject to the satisfaction at or prior to (or in the case of Subsection 4.03(h), substantially contemporaneously
with) the Closing of the following conditions:

(a)The Company shall have delivered to the Holder at the Closing the deliverables set forth in Section
1.02(b); 

(b)The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all
material respects, except for those representation and warranties qualified by materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect, which shall
be true and correct in all respects, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date,
except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or
warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for those representations and warranties qualified
by materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date; 

9

(c)The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required
to be performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date;

(d)The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers
necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Securities, all of which shall be in full force and effect;

(e)Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or
would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

(f)An authorized officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Holders a certificate, dated as
of the Closing Date, certifying that as of such date the conditions specified in Sections 4.03(b) (Representations and Warranties), 4.03(c)
(Performance), 4.03(d) (Consents) and 4.03(e) (Adverse Changes) of this Agreement, and Sections 3(c)(i) and 3(c)(iii) of the 2025 Consent
and Amendment, have been fulfilled;

(g)The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Holders at the Closing Date a certificate
certifying (i) the Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (or
an authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents, the Purchase Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements,
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Securities; 

(h)The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement shall be occurring substantially
contemporaneously with the Closing, and the Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, of the
aggregate purchase price of $16,444,698.86 from the investors party to the Purchase Agreement;

(i)The Holders shall have received customary legal opinions from Latham and Watkins LLP, as counsel
to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender;

(j)Each Holder shall have received the Cash Interest; 

(k)The Company shall have executed and delivered to each Holder a Registration Rights Agreement in substantially
the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the RRA); and

(l)The Company shall have delivered to the Holders a copy of the Certificate of Designations Amendment,
certificated by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and the Certificate of Designations Amendment shall have become effective;
and

(m)The Borrower shall have delivered to the Lender such other documents relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement as the Lender or its counsel may reasonably request.

Article
V. 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.01.Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Certificate of Designation, the 2025 Consent
and Amendment and the RRA, constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings,
both oral and written among the Holders and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10

Section 5.02.Amendments and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended except in
a written instrument signed by the Company and the Holders. No waiver of any breach or default with respect to any provision, condition
or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent breach or default
or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right
hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

Section 5.03.Successors and Assigns. All of the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the
benefit of the Holders or the Company shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and permitted assigns. No party
hereunder may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto, except that any
Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any assignee or transferee of Securities after the Effective Time. 

Section 5.04.Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement and any amendment hereto may be executed and delivered
in any number of counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed
to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. In the event that any signature to this
Agreement or any amendment hereto is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file,
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. No party hereto shall raise
the use of a facsimile machine or e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file to deliver a signature to this Agreement or
any amendment hereto or the fact that such signature was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or e-mail
delivery of a .pdf format data file as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract, and each party hereto
forever waives any such defense.

Section 5.05.Effect of Headings. The section and subsection headings herein are for convenience only and
not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

Section 5.06.Further Assurances. The parties hereby agree, from time to time, as and when reasonably requested
by any other party hereto, to execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered, all such documents, instruments and agreements,
including secretarys certificates, stock powers and irrevocable transfer agent instructions, and to take or cause to be taken such
further or other action, as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

Section 5.07.No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language
chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction will be applied against any party.

Section 5.08.Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws
of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to any conflicts of law rules or principles that would result in the application of the
law of any other jurisdiction). The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts located in the State of Delaware for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the jurisdiction of
such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such action, suit or proceeding and irrevocably waive, to the fullest
extent permitted by Law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such action, suit or proceeding
in any such court or that any such action, suit or proceeding which is brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
Process in any such action, suit or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction
of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such party as provided in Section 5.10
shall be deemed effective service of process on such party.

11

Section 5.09.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 5.10.Notices. Any notice, request, instruction or other document to be given hereunder by any party
to the other will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally or by electronic
mail (so long as such transmission does not generate an error message or notice of non-delivery), (b) on the first business day following
the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the third business day following the date of mailing
if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set
forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice.

If to the Holder:

c/o Deerfield Management Company L.P.

345 Park Avenue South, 12th Floor

New York, NY 10010

Attn: Legal Department

E- mail: legalnotice@deerfield.com

with a copy to:

Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP 

525 W. Monroe Street

Chicago, Illinois 60661

Attn: Mark D. Wood, Esq

Jonathan D. Weiner, Esq.

E- mail: mark.wood@katten.com

jonathan.weiner@katten.com

If to the Company:

The Oncology Institute Inc.

18000 Studebraker Rd. Suite 800

Cerritos, CA 90703

Attention:Daniel Virnich

Mark Hueppelsheuser

E-mail: DanielVirnich@theoncologyinstitute.com

MarkHueppelsheuser@theoncologyinstitute.com

with copies (which shall not constitute notice)
to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

10250 Constellation Blvd, Suite 1100

Century City, CA 90067

Attention: Steven Stokdyk

Brent Epstein

E- mail: Steven.Stokdyk@lw.com

Brent.Epstein@lw.com

Section 5.11.Interpretation; Other Definitions. Wherever required by the context of this Agreement, the
singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa,
and references to any agreement, document or instrument shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, document or instrument as amended,
supplemented or modified from time to time. All article, section, paragraph or clause references not attributed to a particular document
shall be references to such parts of this Agreement, and all exhibit, annex, letter and schedule references not attributed to a particular
document shall be references to such exhibits, annexes, letters and schedules to this Agreement. In addition, the following terms are
ascribed the following meanings:

12

(a)the word or is not exclusive;

(b)the words including, includes, included
and include are deemed to be followed by the words without limitation;

(c)the terms herein, hereof and hereunder
and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision;

(d)beneficial owner, beneficially own or beneficial
ownership has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, and a person or entitys beneficial
ownership of securities shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of such Rule (in each case, irrespective of whether or not
such Rule is actually applicable in such circumstance);

(e)the term business day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day
which shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York generally are authorized or required by Law
or other governmental action to close; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or
required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in New York, New York generally are
open for use by customers on such day; and

(f)the term person has the meaning given to it in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Exchange Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act.

(g)Affiliate means, with respect to any specified person, any other person
that, at the time of determination, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with such specified person. Without limiting the foregoing, with respect to the Holder, any investment fund or managed
account that is managed on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as such Holder shall be deemed an Affiliate of such Holder.

(h)Company Material Adverse Effect means any change, effect, event, occurrence,
condition, state of facts or development that, either alone or in combination, has had, or would be reasonably expected to have, (a) a
materially adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations
of the Company, taken as a whole or (b) a material impairment on or material delay in the ability of the Company to perform its material
obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Document or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and/or the
Ancillary Documents. 

(i)Governmental Entity means any court, administrative or regulatory agency or
commission or other governmental or arbitral body or authority or instrumentality, including the SEC and any state-controlled or owned
corporation or enterprise, in each case whether federal, state, local or foreign, and any applicable industry self-regulatory organization
(including Nasdaq).

(j)Law means any federal, state, local or foreign law, statute or ordinance, or
any rule, code, treaty, constitution, regulation, judgment, order, writ, injunction, ruling, decree, administrative interpretation or
agency requirement of any Governmental Entity.

(k)Permitted Liens means (i) Liens arising under this Agreement, the A&R RRA
or any other agreement to which the Company is a party, (ii) Liens imposed by the Company and (iii) restrictions on transfer arising under
applicable securities laws. 

13

(l)SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Section 5.12.Captions. The article, section, paragraph and clause captions herein are for convenience of
reference only, do not constitute part of this Agreement and will not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section 5.13.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person
(including the officers and directors of the parties hereto) or circumstance is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof, or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other
than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, will remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated thereby, so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in
any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to agree upon
a suitable and equitable substitute provision to effect the original intent of the parties.

Section 5.14.No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing contained in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is
intended to confer upon any person or entity other than the parties hereto (and their permitted assigns), any benefit, right or remedies.

Section 5.15.Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that
any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly
agreed that, without the necessity of posting bond or other undertaking or proving economic damages, the parties shall be entitled to
specific performance of the terms hereof, this being in addition to any other remedies to which they are entitled at law or equity, and
in the event that any action or suit is brought in equity to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, and no party will allege, and each
party hereby waives, the defense or counterclaim that there is an adequate remedy at law.

Section 5.16.Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and each Holder, on the other
hand, to effect the Exchange shall terminate as follows:

(a)Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and the Holders;

(b)By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 or Section 4.02 shall have become
incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company;

(c)By a Holder (with respect to itself only) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 or 4.03
shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by such Holder; or

(d)By either the Company or any Holder (with respect to itself only) if the Effective Time has not occurred
on or prior to the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement;

provided, however, that,
in the case of clauses (b) and (c) above, the party seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Exchange shall not then be in breach
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement if such breach has resulted in the circumstances
giving rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing.

Section 5.17.Expenses. Regardless of whether the Effective Time occurs, the Company shall promptly pay
or reimburse the Holders for all fees and expenses, including legal fees and expenses, incurred in connection with the negotiation and
drafting of this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and any other agreement entered into in connection herewith and the consummation (or
termination) of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

14

Section 5.18.Other Agreements. The Company has not entered into any subscription agreement, purchase agreement
or similar agreement, including any side letter, with any investor in connection with such investors participation in the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement or the offering of securities contemplated thereby, or any other transaction to be consummated
in connection herewith or therewith, other than the Purchase Agreement. The economic and other terms of the Purchase Agreement and the
other Transaction Agreements are no more favorable to the investor(s) signatory thereto than the terms of this Agreement and the terms
of the Warrants, and the Company shall not permit the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Agreement to be amended, modified or
supplemented, and shall not waive any provisions thereof, in each case, in a manner the provides any investor(s) with any right (economic
or otherwise) that is more favorable to such investor(s) than the rights afforded to the Holders hereunder or under the Warrants.

[The
remainder of this page is intentionally left blanksignature pages follow]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each party hereto has caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

THE
COMPANY:

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

By: /s/
Daniel Virnich 

Name: Daniel Virnich 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

16

THE HOLDERS:

DEERFIELD
PARTNERS, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn
Capital, LLC, General Partner

By: /s/ Elliot Press

Name: Elliot Press

Title: Authorized Signatory 

DEERFIELD PRIVATE DESIGN FUND IV, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt IV, L.P., General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital IV, LLC, General Partner

By: /s/ Elliot Press

Name: Elliot Press

Title: Authorized Signatory 

DEERFIELD
PRIVATE DESIGN FUND V, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt V, L.P., General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital V, LLC, General Partner

By: /s/ Elliot Press

Name: Elliot Press

Title: Authorized Signatory

Schedule A

[Intentionally Omitted]

Exhibit A

Form of Amendment to Certificate of Designations

[Intentionally Omitted]

Exhibit B

Form of Warrant

[Intentionally Omitted]

Exhibit C

Form of Registration Rights Agreement

[Intentionally Omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10x3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March [__], 2025, is entered into by and among The Oncology Institute,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the several investors signatory hereto (individually as an Investor
and collectively together with their respective permitted assigns, the Investors). Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the parties
thereto, dated as of March 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase
Agreement).

WHEREAS:

A.Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors, and the
Investors have agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of up to $16,444,698.86 of (i) shares (the Initial
Investor Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) and
(ii) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Investor Common Warrants,) and/or (iii) pre-funded warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants) in each case, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

B.Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of that certain Exchange Agreement by and among the Company and the other parties
thereto (the Exchange Parties), dated as of March 24, 2025 (the Exchange Agreement), the Exchange
Parties agreed to exchange a portion of their Senior Secured Convertible Notes, originally issued as of August 9, 2022, in exchange for
(i) shares of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock and the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Preferred Stock, the Conversion Shares) and (ii) warrants
to purchase shares of Common Stock (together with the Investor Common Warrants, the Common Warrants and the Common
Warrants together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants), in each case, pursuant to the Exchange Agreement.
The Warrants, the Initial Investor Shares and the Conversion Shares are referred to herein collectively as the Securities.
The Initial Investor Shares and the Conversion Shares collectively referred to as the Initial Shares and the Initial
Shares and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, without giving effect to any limitations on exercise of the
Warrants, and assuming all of the Warrants are exercised for cash, are collectively referred to herein as the Shares.

C.To induce the Investors to enter into the Purchase Agreement or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable, the Company has agreed to
provide certain registration rights under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any
similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the
United States, any day the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval service does not accept filings, or any day on
which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

1

(b)Force Majeure means any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that is caused by (i)
acts of God, epidemics, pandemics (including COVID-19) or other calamities, national or international political or social conditions (or
the escalation or worsening thereof), (ii) any potential or actual government shutdown, or (iii) any other interruption in the financing,
banking, currency or capital markets in general in the United States.

(c)Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization.

(d)Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing for the
offering of securities on a continuous basis, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the
SEC.

(e)Registrable Securities means the Shares and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to the Shares
as a result of any stock split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event (including, as applicable,
following or assuming the conversion of the Preferred Stock). Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the
Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto)
upon the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement, (ii) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, (iii) such securities become eligible
for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance
with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, and (iv) 3 (three) years after the date of this Agreement.

(f)Registration Expenses means all expenses incident to the Companys performance of, or compliance with,
this Agreement, including (without duplication) (i) registration and filing fee expenses incurred by the Company in effecting any registration
pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any other fees and expenses
associated with filings required to be made with the SEC, FINRA or any other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees and expenses in connection
with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky laws, (iii) all printing,
duplicating, word processing, messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company (including the expenses of any special audit and cold comfort
letters required by or incident to such performance). For the avoidance of doubt, Selling Expenses (as defined below) shall not be deemed
Registration Expenses.

(g)Registration Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with, or to be filed with, the
SEC under the Securities Act, that Registers Registrable Securities, including the related prospectus, amendments and supplements to such
registration statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such
registration statement as may be necessary to comply with applicable securities laws. Registration Statement shall also
include a New Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated
by reference therein, and including any information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the SEC.

(h)SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

2

(i)SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the SEC staff, or any comments,
requirements or requests of the SEC staff (whether or not publicly-available); provided, that any such oral guidance, comments, requirements
or requests are reduced to writing by the SEC (and shared with the Investors if not publicly-available) and (ii) the Securities Act.

(j)Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable
Securities and all similar fees and commissions relating to the Investors disposition of the Registrable Securities.

2. REGISTRATION.

(a)Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as promptly
as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 45 days after the Closing Date (the Filing Deadline), prepare
and file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement (the Initial Registration Statement) covering the resale
of all Registrable Securities. Before filing the Registration Statement, the Company shall furnish to the Investors a copy of the Registration
Statement. The Investors and their counsel shall have at least five Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of a Registration
Statement to review and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any
related prospectus, prior to its filing with the SEC. Subject to any SEC comments, such Registration Statement shall include the plan
of distribution substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Company shall (a) use commercially reasonable efforts
to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the Investor or its counsel reasonably proposed
by the Investor, and (b) not file any Registration Statement or related prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing information
regarding the Investor to which Investor reasonably objects, unless such information is required (in the opinion of the Company) to comply
with any applicable law, regulation, SEC Guidance or listing standard. The Investors shall furnish all information reasonably requested
by the Company and as shall be reasonably required in connection with any registration referred to in this Agreement.

(b)Effectiveness. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement
and any amendment declared effective by the SEC by the earlier of (a) the 60th calendar day following the initial filing date
of the Initial Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Initial Registration Statement
(or the 90th calendar day following the initial filing date of the Initial Registration Statement in the case of a full review
by the SEC) and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the
SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review; provided,
that in no event shall the deadline for the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement be earlier than the fifth Business Day
following the date on which the Company files its Definitive Proxy Statement or Annual Report on Form 10-K that includes the disclosures
required by Part III of Form 10-K, which shall be filed no later than April 30, 2025 (the Effectiveness Deadline).
The Company shall notify the Investor by e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within three Business Days, after the Registration
Statement is declared effective or is supplemented and shall provide the Investor with copies of any related prospectus to be used in
connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to keep the Initial Registration Statement continuously effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available
for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur of the following
events: (i) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby; and (ii) the date on which
the Registrable Securities may be resold by the Investors without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations
by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under
Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect (the Registration Period). The Initial Registration
Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

3

(c)Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event
the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement at any time is insufficient to cover the Registrable Securities,
the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new registration statement
(together with any prospectuses or prospectus supplements thereunder, a New Registration Statement), so as to cover
all of such Registrable Securities as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than ten Business Days after the necessity
therefor arises (the New Registration Filing Deadline). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof
but no later than the earlier of (a) the 60th calendar day following the initial filing date of the New Registration Statement if the
SEC notifies the Company that it will review the New Registration Statement (or the 90th calendar day following
the initial filing date of the New Registration Statement in the case of a full review by the SEC) and (b) the fifth Business Day after
the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the New Registration Statement will not
be reviewed or will not be subject to further review; provided, that if the New Registration Statement Filing Deadline
falls after February 14 of any particular year, in no event shall the deadline for the effectiveness of the New Registration Statement
be earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date on which the Company files its Definitive Proxy Statement or Annual Report on
Form 10-K that includes the disclosures required by Part III of Form 10-K, which shall be filed no later than April 30 of such year (the
earlier of such dates, the New Registration Effectiveness Deadline). The provisions of Section 2(a) and (b)
shall apply to the New Registration Statement, except as modified hereby.

(d)Liquidated Damages. If (i) the Initial Registration Statement
has not been filed by the Filing Deadline, (ii) the Initial Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Effectiveness
Deadline, (iii) the New Registration Statement has not been filed by the New Registration Filing Deadline, (iv) the New Registration Statement
has not been declared effective by the New Registration Effectiveness Deadline or (v) after any Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the SEC, sales cannot be made pursuant to such Registration Statement for any reason (including without limitation by reason
of a stop order, or the Companys failure to update such Registration Statement), but excluding any Allowed Delay (as defined below)
or, if the Registration Statement is on Form S-1, for a period of 45 days following the date on which the Company files a post-effective
amendment to incorporate the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K (a Maintenance Failure), then the Company
will make pro rata payments to each Investor then holding Registrable Securities, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, in an amount
equal to 1.0% of the aggregate amount paid pursuant to the Purchase Agreement or the aggregate principal amount exchanged pursuant to
the Exchange Agreement, as applicable, by such Investor for such Registrable Securities then held by such Investor for each 30-day period
or pro rata for any portion thereof during which the failure continues (the Blackout Period); provided, that,
no liquidated damages shall be payable if the Companys failure was caused by any Force Majeure. Such payments shall constitute
the Investors exclusive monetary remedy for such events, but shall not affect the right of the Investors to seek injunctive relief.
The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid in cash no later than five Business Days after each
such 30-day period following the commencement of the Blackout Period until the termination of the Blackout Period (the Blackout
Period Payment Date). Interest shall accrue at the rate of 1.0% per month on any such liquidated damages payments that shall
not be paid by the Blackout Period Payment Date until such amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the aggregate
amount of liquidated damages (or interest thereon) paid under this Agreement to any Investor exceed, in the aggregate, 5.0% of the aggregate
purchase price (or the aggregate principal amount exchanged) for the Shares acquired by such Investor under the Purchase Agreement or
the Exchange Agreement, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2(d) to the contrary, during any periods that the
Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities because any Investor
fails to furnish information required to be provided pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 4(a) within five Business Days
of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that would otherwise accrue as to such Investor only shall be tolled until such
information is delivered to the Company.

4

(e)Allowable Delays. On no more than two occasions and for not more than 30 consecutive days or for a total of not more
than 60 days in any 12 month period, the Company may delay the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any other Registration
Statement, or suspend the use of any prospectus included in any Registration Statement, in the event that the Company determines in good
faith that such delay or suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company,
the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (B) amend
or supplement the affected Registration Statement or the related prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the case of the prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed
Delay); provided, that, subject to the provisions of Section 5, the Company shall promptly (a) notify each Investor
in writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the prior written consent of an Investor) disclose to such
Investor any material non-public information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors in writing to cease all sales under
the Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay
as promptly as practicable.

3. RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS.

With respect to the Registration
Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to Section 2, including on the Initial Registration
Statement or on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of
the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have
the following obligations:

(a)Notifications. The Company will promptly notify the Investors
promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, other than
documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the SEC and/or has become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor
or any subsequent supplement to a prospectus has been filed and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information.

(b)Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the SEC
any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any
related prospectus, as applicable, that, (A) as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective for the Registration Period
and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (B) in the reasonable opinion of the Investors
and the Company, as may be necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities by the Investors.

(c)Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference,
relating to the Investors, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby, unless (A) the Investors and their counsel
shall have been advised and afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon at least three Business Days prior to filing with the
SEC and (B) the Company shall have given reasonable due consideration to any comments thereon received from the Investors or their counsel.

5

(d)Copies Available. The Company will furnish to any Investor
whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its counsel copies of the Initial Registration Statement,
any prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus supplement thereunder, any New Registration
Statement and all amendments to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement that are filed with the SEC during
the Registration Period (including all documents filed with or furnished to the SEC during such period that are deemed to be incorporated
by reference therein), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence
from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than any portion thereof which contains
information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such other documents as
Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by Investor that are covered
by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon such Investors request and in such quantities
as such Investor may from time to time reasonably request; provided, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document
to the Investors to the extent such document is available on EDGAR.

(e)Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and, (ii)
if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investors promptly
(but in no event later than 24 hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing, in each case: (i) of the Companys receipt of notice
of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to the Registration Statement
or any prospectus or for any additional information; (ii) of the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any other
federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or prohibiting
or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any New Registration Statement, or of the Companys receipt
of any notification of the suspension of qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation
or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (iii) of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event,
which makes any statement of a material fact made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which requires the making
of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state a material
fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of
any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend any Registration
Statement or any prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law. The Company shall not be required to disclose to the Investors
the substance of specific reasons of any of the events set forth in clause (i) to (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence (each, a
Suspension Event), but rather, shall only be required to disclose that the event has occurred. If at any time the
SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration
Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the Investors, without charge,
a copy of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority to the Company
or its representatives relating to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, or prospectus
supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause (iii) of the second sentence of this Section
3(e), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to publicly disclose such event as soon as reasonably practicable,
or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under Registration Statements may resume; provided, that if the Company has a bona
fide business purpose for not making such information public, the Company may suspend the use of all Registration Statements for up to
60 consecutive calendar days, provided, further, that the Company may not suspend the use of all Registration Statements
more than twice, or for more than 90 total calendar days, in each case during any twelve month period.

6

(f)Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested by
an Investor at any time in respect of any Registration Statement, the Company shall deliver to such Investor a written confirmation from
the Company of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without
limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not such Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the Company
for sale of Registrable Securities.

(g)Listing. The Company shall use best efforts to cause (i) all shares of Common Stock included in the Registrable Securities,
and (ii) all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (to the extent such shares are Registrable Securities) to be
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (or such other national securities exchange on which the Companys Common Stock is then listed).

(h)Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final prospectus,
including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Investor
in writing if, at any time during the Registration Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a
result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take
such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder, and make available
to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the Availability Date (as defined below), an earnings statement
covering a period of at least 12 months, beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall
satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose of this Section
3(h), Availability Date means the 45th day following the end of the fourth fiscal quarter that includes
the effective date of such Registration Statement, except that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last quarter of the Companys
fiscal year, Availability Date means the 90th day after the end of such fourth fiscal quarter).

(i)Blue-Sky. To the extent required by applicable law, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify or cooperate with the Investor and its counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities
for the offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions reasonably requested by the Investor;
provided, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify to do business
in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(i), (ii) subject itself to general
taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section 3(i), or (iii) file a general consent
to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(j)Rule 144. With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 (or its successor rule) and any
other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration,
the Company covenants and agrees to: (i) make and keep adequate current public information available, as those terms are understood
and defined in Rule 144, until such date as there are no longer Registrable Securities; and (ii) file with the SEC in a timely
manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and (iii) furnish electronically to each Investor
upon request, as long as such Investor owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied
with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, (B) a copy of or electronic access to the Companys most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail
such Investor of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration.

7

(k)Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation
and delivery of certificates or uncertificated shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration
Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names
as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request to the extent permitted by such Registration Statement or Rule 144
to effect sales of Registrable Securities; for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing
physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System.

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

(a)Investor Information. Each Investor shall provide a completed
Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other form of questionnaire or information reasonably required
by the Company in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities no later than the end of the fifth (5th) Business Day
following the date on which such Investor receives draft materials in accordance with Section 2(a) (the Information Deadline).
If the Company has not received such completed Questionnaire from an Investor by the Information Deadline, the Company may file the Registration
Statement without including such Investors Registrable Securities. No Investor shall be named as an underwriter in
any Registration Statement without the Investors prior written consent; provided that, if the SEC requests that an Investor be
identified as a statutory underwriter in the Registration Statement, then such Investor will have the option, in its sole and absolute
discretion, to either (i) have the opportunity to withdraw from the Registration Statement upon its prompt written request to the Company,
in which case the Companys obligation to register such Investors Registrable Securities shall be deemed satisfied or (ii)
be included as such in the Registration Statement.

(b)Suspension of Sales. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees that, upon receipt of any
notice from the Company of the existence of an Allowed Delay or Suspension Event as set forth in Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately
discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the
Investors receipt of a notice from the Company confirming the resolution of such Allowed Delay or Suspension Event and that such
dispositions may again be made.

5. OTHER AGREEMENTS.

(a)Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the Company believes that a notice or communication
required by this Agreement to be delivered to any Investor contains material, nonpublic information relating to the Company, its securities,
any of its affiliates or any other Person, the Company shall so indicate to such Investor prior to delivery of such notice or communication,
and such indication shall provide such Investor the means to refuse to receive such notice or communication; and in the absence of any
such indication, the Investors and their respective affiliates, agents and representatives shall be allowed to presume that all matters
relating to such notice or communication do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company, its securities, any
of its affiliates or any other Person. In the event of a breach of any of the foregoing covenants by the Company, any of its affiliates,
or any of its or their respective officers, directors (or equivalent persons), employees, attorneys, agents or representatives, in addition
to any other remedies otherwise available at law or in equity, each of the Investors shall have the right to make a public disclosure
in the form of a press release or otherwise, of the applicable material nonpublic information without the prior approval by the Company
or any of its affiliates, officers, directors (or equivalent persons), employees, stockholders, attorneys, agents or representatives,
and no Investor (nor any of its affiliates, agents or representatives) shall have any liability to the Company, any of its affiliates
or any of its or their respective officers, directors (or equivalent persons), employees, stockholders, attorneys, agents or representatives
for any such disclosure.

8

(b)Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the Company reasonably and in good faith determines that it is necessary to disclose
material non-public information to any of the Investors in order to comply with its obligations hereunder (a Necessary Disclosure),
the Company shall inform counsel to such Investor (which, with respect to the Exchange Parties, shall be Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (Attn:
Mark D. Wood and Jonathan D. Weiner)) of such determination without disclosing the applicable material non-public information, and the
Company and such counsel on behalf of the applicable Investor shall endeavor to agree upon a process for making such Necessary Disclosure
to the applicable Investor or its representatives that is mutually acceptable to such Investor and the Company (an Agreed Disclosure
Process). Thereafter, the Company shall be permitted to make such Necessary Disclosure (only) in accordance with the Agreed
Disclosure Process. In furtherance of (but without limiting) the foregoing, at any time on or after the effective date of the Resale Shelf
Registration Statement, any Investor may deliver written notice (an Opt Out Notice) to the Company requesting that
such Investor thereafter not receive notices from the Company otherwise required by this Agreement, other than notices of Suspension Events
to the extent applicable to such Investor; provided, however, that such Investor may later revoke any such Opt Out Notice in writing.
Following receipt of an Opt-Out Notice from any Investor (unless such Opt-Out Notice is subsequently revoked), the Company shall not deliver
any such notices to such Investor, and such Investor shall no longer be entitled to the rights associated with any such notice or conditioned
upon the receipt of or response to any such notice.

6. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All Registration Expenses incurred
in connection with registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses relating to securities
registered on behalf of the Investors shall be borne by the Investors pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities so
registered.

7. INDEMNIFICATION.

(a)To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investors, each
Person, if any, who controls the Investors, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, members, managers, agents, representatives
and advisors of the Investors and each Person, if any, who controls the Investors within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, obligation, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments,
fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs and costs of preparation), reasonable and documented attorneys
fees, amounts paid in settlement or reasonable and documented expenses (collectively, Claims), reasonably incurred
and documented in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from
the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending or
threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Person is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any
of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise
out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained
in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or (ii) any violation
or alleged violation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other state securities or other
blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder
applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such registration
of the Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being,

9

collectively,
Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and
are due and payable, for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees or other reasonable and documented expenses incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 7(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising
out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with (x) information furnished in writing to the Company
by the Investors or such Indemnified Person specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved
in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement,
any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such in each case if the foregoing was timely made available by
the Company (which, for the avoidance of doubt, such approval may be in the form of an electronic communication from counsel to such
Investor or Indemnified Person, as applicable) or (y) to the extent that such information relates to such Investors proposed method
of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Investor expressly for use in a
Registration Statement, any prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Investor has approved
Exhibit A hereto for this purpose); (B) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such Person
from whom the Person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of
any other Indemnified Person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected
in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the
outdated, defective or incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a Violation; (C) shall not be available to the extent such
Claim is based on a failure of the Indemnified Person to deliver, or cause to be delivered, if required the prospectus to the Persons
asserting an untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale
of Registrable Securities; and (D) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without
the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Such indemnity
shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive
the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

(b)In connection with the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, each Investor, severally
and not jointly, agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the
Initial Registration Statement or signs any New Registration Statement, each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning
of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and expense (including reasonable attorney fees) resulting from any Violation, in each case to the extent that such Violation occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with (i) information about such Investor furnished in writing by such Investor to the Company and reviewed
and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person (which, for the avoidance of doubt, such approval may be in the form
of an electronic communication from counsel to such Investor or Indemnified Person, as applicable) expressly for use in connection with
the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement
thereto or (ii) information relating to such Investors proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed
and expressly approved in writing by such Investor expressly for use in a Registration Statement, any prospectus or in any amendment or
supplement thereto (it being understood that the Investor has approved Exhibit A hereto for this purpose). In no event shall the liability
of an Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expense paid by such Investor in connection with
any claim relating to this Section 7 and the amount of any damages such Investor has otherwise been required to pay by reason of
such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in such Registration
Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by any Investor pursuant to
Section 9.

10

(c)Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 7, deliver to the indemnifying
party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent
the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be,
and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party for any legal or other
expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided,
that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may be represented
without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the
indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of
the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests
between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action
or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person fully apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party
shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent; provided, that the
indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent
of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise unless
such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a
complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the Indemnified Party
or Indemnified Person in respect to or arising out of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of
fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person. Following
indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The
failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not
relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 7, except to
the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

(d)The indemnification required by this Section 7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course
of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment
pursuant to this Section 7 which person is later determined to not be entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including
reimbursement of expenses) to the person making it.

11

(e)The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party
or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant
to the law.

8. CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification
by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect
to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 7 to the fullest extent permitted by law in proportion to the
relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable
Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any
seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in
connection with any claim relating to this Section 8 and the amount of any damages such holder has otherwise been required to pay
by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable
Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

9. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the
prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (determined as if all of the
Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the exercise of such Warrants); provided, however,
that in any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company
is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective
time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder,
the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed
to include the securities received by the Investor in connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable
by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable
Securities then outstanding (determined as if all of the Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of such Warrants) shall not be required for such transaction. An Investor may transfer
or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more Persons in connection
with the transfer of the Registrable Securities (including Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise of Warrants) held by such
Investor to such Person; provided, that such Investor complies with all laws applicable
thereto and the provisions of the Purchase Agreement or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable, and
provides written notice of assignment to the Company promptly
after such assignment is effected, and such Person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein. The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investor and its successors and permitted assigns.

10. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.

The provisions of this Agreement,
including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a written instrument executed by
(i) the Company and (ii) the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (determined as if all of the Warrants
then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the exercise of such Warrants); provided, that any party may
give a waiver as to itself and provided further that any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver that disproportionately and adversely
affects the rights and obligations of any Investor relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require
the prior written consent of such adversely affected Investor or each Investor, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver
or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Investors
and that does not adversely directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Investors may be given by Investors holding a majority of
the Registrable Securities (determined as if all the Non-Voting Shares then outstanding have been converted into Common Stock and all
of the Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the conversion of such Non-Voting Shares or
exercise of such Warrants) to which such waiver or consent relates.

12

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)Notices. Any notices or other communications required or
permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the
party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not
sent during normal business hours, then on the earlier of (x) confirmation of receipt or (y) the opening of business on the recipients
next Business Day, (c) three days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid,
or (d) one Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next Business Day delivery,
with written verification of receipt:

i.
If to the Company, addressed as follows:

c/o
The Oncology Institute, Inc.

18000
Studebaker Road, Suite 800

Cerritos,
CA 90703

Attention:
Daniel Virnich and Mark Hueppelsheuser

Email:
DanielVirnich@theoncologyinstitute.com; MarkHueppelsheuser@theoncologyinstitute.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

c/o
Latham & Watkins LLP

10250
Constellation Blvd, Suite 1100

Century
City, CA 90067

Attention:
Steven Stokdyk and Brent Epstein Email: steven.stokdyk@LW.com; brent.epstein@LW.com

ii.
If to any Investor, at its e-mail address or address set forth on its signature page to the Purchase Agreement or the Exchange Agreement,
as applicable, or to such e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section
11.

Any Person may change the address
to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

(b)Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of
this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or
continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

13

(c)Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by
Jury. The provisions of Section 8.4 of the Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis.

(d)Integration. This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement (or, with respect to the Exchange Parties, the Exchange Agreement) and
the Warrants (including all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto) constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting
the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral.

(e)Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement
are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

(f)Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have
been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon
the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic
reproduction of a) signature.

(g)Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(h)Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision hereof
has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party
hereto.

(i)No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than
the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement,
and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer,
employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf
of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.

(j)Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes,
to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of
this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

(k)Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement, the Company covenants, agrees
and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall
be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or
of any affiliates or assignees thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue
of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall
attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited
partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the Investors under this Agreement
or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such
obligations or their creation.

14

(l)Specific Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that may be available at law in the event of any breach
of this Agreement, each Investor shall be entitled to specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the Company hereunder
and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.

(m)Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

[Signature Page Follows]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

INVESTOR:

[NAME]

By: _________________________________

Name: ______________________________

Title: _______________________________

Exhibit A

[Intentionally Omitted]

Exhibit B

[Intentionally Omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

The Oncology Institute Announces
$16.5 million Private Placement

CERRITOS, Calif., March 24, 2025 (GLOBE
NEWSWIRE) -- The Oncology Institute, Inc. (NASDAQ: TOI) (TOI or the Company), one of the largest value-based
community oncology groups in the United States, today announced it has entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement) with accredited investors for a private placement that is expected to result in gross proceeds of approximately
$16.5 million, before deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses (the Private Placement). The Private Placement
includes participation from existing investors, as well as members of the Companys management team and Board of Directors and is
expected to close on March 26, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, the Company will issue to purchasers in the Private Placement units consisting of two shares of common stock (or pre-funded
warrants in lieu thereof) and common warrants to purchase one share of common stock (or pre-funded warrants) of the Company at a price
of $2.2084 per unit (or $2.2082 in the case of units consisting of pre-funded warrants). The pre-funded warrants will have an exercise
price of $0.0001 per share until exercised in full, and the common warrants will have an exercise price of $1.1980 per share. 

All of the securities to be issued in the
Private Placement will be offered by the Company.

In connection with the Private Placement,
investment funds affiliated with Deerfield Management Company, L.P. (Deerfield), an investment firm committed to advancing
healthcare and an existing investor in the Company, has entered into an exchange agreement pursuant to which Deerfield has agreed to exchange
approximately $4.1 million aggregate principal amount of the Companys senior secured convertible notes held by Deerfield in exchange
for 37,232.83 shares of common-equivalent preferred stock (convertible into 3,723,283 shares of Common Stock) and warrants to purchase
1,861,642 shares of common stock at the same prices being paid by the investors in the Private Placement.

The proceeds from the Private Placement
will be used to support organic growth and working capital needs.

BTIG is acting as sole placement agent in connection with the Private Placement.
Latham & Watkins LLP is acting as legal advisor to TOI. DLA Piper LLP (US) is acting as legal advisor to BTIG. Katten Muchin Rosenman
LLP is acting as legal advisor to Deerfield.

The offer and sale of the foregoing securities will be made by TOI in
a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), and/or Regulation D promulgated
thereunder, or in the case of the exchange transaction with Deerfield Section 3(a)(9) of the Act, and such securities have not been registered
under the Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States except
pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act and such applicable
state securities laws. TOI has agreed to file a resale registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
for purposes of registering the resale of the common stock issued or issuable in connection with the Private Placement and the exchange
agreement.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy, nor are there any sales of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be
unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

About The Oncology Institute

Founded in 2007, TOI is advancing oncology by delivering highly specialized,
value-based cancer care in the community setting. TOI offers cutting-edge, evidence-based cancer care to a population of over 1.8 million
patients including clinical trials, transfusions, and other services traditionally associated with the most advanced care delivery organizations.
With over 120 employed clinicians and more than 700 teammates in over 70 clinic locations, TOI is changing oncology for the better.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release includes certain statements
that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as preliminary,
believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate,
intend, expect, should, would, plan, project, predict,
potential, guidance, approximately, seem, seek, future,
outlook, and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical
matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the completion, timing, size, expected
proceeds and the use of proceeds from the Private Placement, including expected proceeds from the exercise of the common warrants and
uses of such proceeds, expectations regarding timing of profitability and potential demand for our care model and other financial and
performance metrics and projections of market opportunity and expectations that are not historical fact. These statements are based on
various assumptions and on the current expectations of TOI and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements
are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by anyone as, a guarantee, an
assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible
to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of TOI. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, the outcome of judicial and administrative proceedings to which TOI may
become a party or investigations to which TOI may become or is subject that could interrupt or limit TOIs operations, result in
adverse judgments, settlements or fines and create negative publicity; changes in TOIs patient or payors' preferences, prospects
and the competitive conditions prevailing in the healthcare sector; failure to address the need to meet stock exchange continued listing
standards and the possibility that the Company may have to effect a reverse stock split; the impact of COVID-19 on TOIs business;
those factors discussed in the documents of TOI filed, or to be filed, with the SEC, including the Item 1A. "Risk Factors" section
of TOI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024 and any subsequent Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ
materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that TOI currently is evaluating
or does not presently know or that TOI currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect TOIs plans or forecasts of future events and
views as of the date of this press release. TOI anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause TOIs assessments
to change. TOI does not undertake any obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should
not be relied upon as representing TOIs assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. Accordingly, undue
reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

Contacts

Media

The Oncology Institute, Inc.

Jaime Valles

marketing@theoncologyinstitute.com

Investors

Solebury Strategic Communications

investors@theoncologyinstitute.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>toi-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>toi-20250324_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>toi-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>toi-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-39248

Entity Registrant Name THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001799191

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-3562323

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 18000 Studebaker Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 800

Entity Address, City or Town Cerritos

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90703

City Area Code (562)

Local Phone Number 735-3226

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol TOI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol TOIIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TOI_CommonStockParValue0.0001Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TOI_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://theoncologyinstitute.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

toi-20250324.xsd 
toi-20250324_def.xml 
toi-20250324_lab.xml 
toi-20250324_pre.xml 
toi_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001079973-25-000460-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>toi_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001799191 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001799191 

TOI:CommonStockParValue0.0001Member 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001799191 

TOI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001799191 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC. 
DE 
001-39248 
84-3562323 
18000 Studebaker Road 
Suite 800 
Cerritos 
CA 
90703 
(562) 
735-3226 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 
TOI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
TOIIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>