<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-032589.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-032589.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416161527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-032589
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nature's Miracle Holding Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001947861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FARM MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3523]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41977
		FILM NUMBER:		25843018

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		858 NORTH CENTRAL AVENUE
		CITY:			UPLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91786
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-420-3694

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		858 NORTH CENTRAL AVENUE
		CITY:			UPLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91786

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LBBB Merger Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220922
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238484-8k_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000194786100019478612025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April
16, 2025 (April 11, 2025)

NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41977 88-3986430

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

3281 E. Guasti Road, Suite 175

Ontario, CA 91761 91761

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(909) 218-4601

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title for
each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each
exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share NMHI OTC Markets Group, Inc.

Warrants to purchase Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share NMHIW OTC Markets Group, Inc.

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 11, 2025, Natures Miracle Holdings
Inc. (the Company) entered into a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of up $2,000,000 (the Note)
with Big Lake Capital, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the Holder), which is controlled by Tie (James) Li,
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Company will be funded in tranches (each a Tranche), beginning with
the first Tranche in the amount of $600,000, the remainder financed upon five days written notice to the Holder (the transaction herein
described is referred to as the Financing). The Note is due on April 10, 2026 (the Maturity Date),
and bears interest at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum, which shall be payable in cash on a monthly basis for the first six months,
thereafter to accrue on a monthly basis and paid on the Maturity Date, unless converted into shares of Common Stock of the Company, $0.0001
par value (the Common Stock), at the election of the Holder, at a price of $0.198 per shares (the Conversion
Price). As consideration for the Note, the Company has issued to the Holder and an investor of the Holder, warrants to purchase
up to 10,101,010 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.198 pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated April 11, 2025 (the Warrant),
if the Company draws down the full amount of the Note.

The foregoing
description of the Note and Warrant, do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text
of the agreements, a copy of each of the Note and form of Warrant are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2 respectively, to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial
Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The disclosure provided above in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by
reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities

The
disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated in its entirety into this Item 3.02. The Note,
the Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note and exercise of the Warrant described herein have not
been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and were offered and sold in reliance
upon the exemption from the registration requirements under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

The Company issued a
press release on April 14, 2025 announcing the Financing. A copy of the press release is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

No Offer or Solicitation

This press release shall not constitute a solicitation
of a proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed Business Combination. This press release
shall also not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities
in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements
of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom.

1

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. The Companys actual results may differ from its expectations, estimates, and projections and, consequently, you should
not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Words such as expect, estimate,
project, budget, forecast, anticipate, intend, plan, may,
will, could, should, believes, predicts, potential, continue,
and similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify such forward-looking statements,
but are not the exclusive means of identifying these statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the Companys
expectations with respect to future performance and anticipated financial impacts of the proposed Financing. These forward-looking statements
involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements. Most of these factors are outside the Companys control and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences
include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstances that could impact the Financing; (2)
the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the company following the announcement of the Financing and the transactions
contemplated therein; (3) the inability to complete the proposed Financing; (4) costs related to the proposed Financing; (5) changes in
applicable laws or regulations; and (6) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time, and in association of the Companys
filings with the SEC as may be filed from time to time. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and
cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company does
not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to
reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

Item 9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Convertible Promissory Note dated April 11, 2025

10.2 Form of Warrant Agreement

99.1 Press Release dated April 14, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

April 16, 2025

NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC.

By: /s/ Tie (James) Li

Name: Tie (James) Li

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023848401ex10-1_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE DATED APRIL 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE (THIS NOTE)
AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH IT MAY BE CONVERTED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE.
THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY
BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. THE MAKER MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE MAKER TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH
THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

Maximum Principal Amount: Up to $2,000,000.00 Dated as of April 11, 2025 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED and subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Natures Miracle Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Maker),
promises to pay to Big Lake Capital, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, or its registered assigns or successors in interest
(the Payee), up to the Principal Amount (as defined below) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the
terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds
or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with
the provisions of this Note. As further consideration to enter into this convertible promissory Note ( the Note),
Maker has issued to Payee and J.J. Astor & Co, a Utah corporation and a Payee investor, warrants to purchase up to 10,101,010 shares
of the Companys Common Stock, as defined below, pursuant to a warrant agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex
B.

1.
Principal. The maximum principal balance of this Note of up to TWO MILLION DOLLARS $2,000,000.00 (the Maximum
Amount), shall be funded (i) with an initial tranche of $600,000 payable on the date hereof by the Payee (the Initial
Tranche), and (ii) the balance of $1,400,000 shall be funded on as requested by the Company on no less than five business days
notice to the Payee (each request an Additional Tranche) up to the Maximum Amount. All unpaid principal up to the
Maximum Amount, shall be the Principal Amount. Any unpaid Principal Amount and interest accrued thereon not converted
pursuant to Section 7 hereof, shall be payable on the date that is one year from the date hereof (the Maturity Date),
unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below). Any balance under the Note may be prepaid at any time.
Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker,
be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder.

2.
Interest. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum,
payable in cash on a monthly basis for the first six months, thereafter to accrue on a monthly basis and paid on the Maturity Date unless
converted as herein described.

3.
Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection
of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys fees, then to the payment in full of any late
charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

4.
Purpose. The Maker shall apply all the amounts advanced by the Payee under this Note towards the Makers working capital
requirements.

5.Events of Default. Each of the following shall constitute an event of default (Event of Default):

(a) Failure to Perform Obligations.
Failure by the Maker to perform its obligations with respect to the conversion of the Principal Amount of this Note into Conversion Shares
(as defined below) pursuant to Section 7 hereof or to otherwise satisfy its obligations under this Note.

(b) Voluntary Bankruptcy,
Etc. The commencement by the Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of the Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate
action by the Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) Involuntary Bankruptcy,
Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the Maker in an involuntary
case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator (or similar official) of the Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days.

6.
Remedies.

(a) Upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, the Payee may, by written notice to the Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately
and payable, whereupon the unpaid Principal Amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due
and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained
herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) Upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default specified in Section 5(b) and Section 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums
payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part
of the Payee.

7.
Voluntary Conversion.

(a) Conversion. At any
time and from time to time, commencing on the date hereof, through the Maturity Date, the outstanding Principal Amount and any interest
accrued thereon under the Note shall be convertible, at the option of the Payee, into that number of fully paid and non-assessable shares
(the Conversion Shares) of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company equal to the quotient (rounded
down to the nearest whole share) obtained by dividing (x) the sum of the Principal Amount and any interest accrued thereon by (y) $0.198
- the price equal to 110% of the reported closing price of the Companys Common Stock on the closing date of the Initial Tranche,
(the Conversion Price). Payee may convert any of the outstanding Principal Amount plus accrued and unpaid interest,
into Conversion Shares at the Conversion Price, at any time, and from time to time, at the sole discretion of Payee. The Payee shall effect
a conversion of this Note pursuant to this Section 7(a) by delivering to the Company a written notice in the form attached hereto as Annex
A (the Conversion Notice).

(b) Conversion Procedure.
Not later than three (3) business days after the Companys receipt of the Conversion Notice (the Share Delivery Date),
the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Payee a certificate or certificates representing the Conversion Shares,
which, on or after the date on which the resale of such Conversion Shares are covered by and are being sold pursuant to an effective Registration
Statement or such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information and the Company
has received an opinion of counsel to such effect acceptable to the Company (which opinion the Company will be responsible for obtaining
at its own cost) shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by federal
securities laws) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired or being sold, as the case may be, upon the conversion of
this Note. All certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 7(b) shall be delivered electronically
through DTC or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions, unless the Company or its Transfer Agent does not
have an account with DTC and/or is not participating in the DTC/FAST System, in which case the Company shall issue and deliver to the
address as specified in such Notice of Conversion a certificate (or certificates), registered in the name of the Payee or its designee,
for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Payee shall be entitled. If the Conversion Shares are not being sold pursuant to an effective
Registration Statement or if the Conversion Date is prior to the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule
144 without the need for current public information, the Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following form, as appropriate:

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT.

2

(c) Reservation of Shares
Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of this Note such number of Conversion Shares as shall from time to time be sufficient
to effect the conversion of the Note; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued Common Stock shall not be sufficient to
effect the conversion of the entire outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, without limitation of such other remedies as shall be available
to the Payee, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of counsel, be necessary
to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

(d) Fractional Shares.
No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to any fraction of a
share that the Payee would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash
adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the
next whole share.

8.
Covenants of the Maker. The Maker covenants that any Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note, when so issued,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof.

9.
Waivers. The Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand,
notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted
by the Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to the Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting
any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale
under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and the Maker
agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued
hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by the Payee.

10.
Unconditional Liability. The Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default,
or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by the Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by
the Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties
may become parties hereto without notice to the Maker or affecting the Makers liability hereunder.

11.
Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be: (i) in writing
and delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission
to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax
number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided
to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so
transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt
of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier
service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail.

3

12.
Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF.

13.
Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in
any other jurisdiction.

15.
Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of the Maker and the Payee.

16.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to the restrictions on transfer in Section 18 and Section 19 the rights and obligations
of the Maker and the Payee hereunder shall be binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees
of any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) with the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment
without the required consent shall be void.

17.
Transfer of this Note or Securities Issuable on Conversion. With respect to any sale or other disposition of this Note or
Conversion Shares, the Payee shall give written notice to the Maker prior thereto, describing briefly the manner thereof, together with
a written opinion (unless waived by the Maker) reasonably satisfactory to the Maker in form and substance from counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Maker to the effect that such sale or other distribution may be effected without registration or qualification under any U.S. federal
or state law then in effect. Upon receiving such written notice and reasonably satisfactory opinion and/or certificate (unless waived
by the Maker), or other evidence, and such written acknowledgement, the Maker, as promptly as practicable, shall notify the Payee that
the Payee may sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or Conversion Securities, all in accordance with the terms of the note delivered
to the Maker. If a determination has been made pursuant to this Section 17 that the opinion of counsel for the Payee or other evidence
is not reasonably satisfactory to the Maker, the Maker shall so notify the Payee promptly after such determination has been made. Any
Note thus transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the
Securities Act, unless in the opinion of counsel for the Maker such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with the Securities
Act. The Maker may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. Subject to the foregoing,
transfers of this Note shall be registered upon registration on the books maintained for such purpose by or on behalf of the Maker. Prior
to presentation of this Note for registration of transfer, the Maker shall treat the registered holder hereof as the owner and holder
of this Note for the purpose of receiving all payments of principal hereon and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this
Note shall be overdue and the Maker shall not be affected by notice to the contrary.

18.
Acknowledgment. The Payee is acquiring this Note for investment for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not
with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities laws. The Payee understands
that the acquisition of this Note involves substantial risk. The Payee has experience as an investor in securities of companies and acknowledges
that it is able to fend for itself, can bear the economic risk of its investment in this Note, and has such knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment in this Note and protecting its
own interests in connection with this investment.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker,
intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written.

Natures Miracle Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation

By: /s/ George Yutuc

Name: George Yutuc

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Agreed and Acknowledged as of the date first written above:

Big Lake Capital, LLC 

By: /s/ Tie James Li 

Name: Tie James Li 

Title: Managing Member 

5

Annex A

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION]

To: [Name and Address of Conversion Agent/the Company]

The undersigned holder of
this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Note, and
directs that the shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion be issued and delivered to the Payee unless a different
name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the
undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes in connection with such issuance. Capitalized terms used
herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note.

Dated: 

Signature

Signature Guarantee 

[Signature(s) must be guaranteed by

an eligible guarantor institution

(banks, stock brokers, savings and

loan associations and credit unions)

with membership in an approved

signature guarantee medallion program

pursuant to Securities and Exchange

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to

be issued, or

Notes are to be delivered, other than

to and in the name of the registered holder.]

Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued,

and Notes if to be delivered, other than to and in the name

of the registered holder:

(Name) 

(Street Address) 

(City, State and Zip Code) 

Please print name and address 

Principal amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest on, the Note to be converted (if less than all): 

$__________ 

Number of Conversion Shares: _______________ 

NOTICE: The above signature of the Payee hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number: 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023848401ex10-2_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED UNTIL (i) A REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT) SHALL HAVE BECOME EFFECTIVE WITH RESPECT THERETO
OR (ii) RECEIPT BY THE COMPANY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION UNDER
THE 1933 ACT IS NOT REQUIRED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH PROPOSED TRANSFER NOR IS SUCH TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THIS LEGEND SHALL BE ENDORSED UPON ANY WARRANT ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS WARRANT OR ANY SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS
WARRANT.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE

SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

OF

NATURES MIRACLE HOLDINGS, INC.

APRIL 11, 2025

W-_________

Reference is made to that
certain convertible promissory note between _______________ and NATURES MIRACLE HOLDINGS, INC., Delaware corporation (the Company),
dated April 11, 2025 (the Note).

RECEIVED, _____________,,
or his, her or its assigns (Holder), is entitled to purchase, subject to the provisions of this Warrant, from the
Company, up to 10,101,010 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), which
amount shall be determined by the number of Conversion Shares that would be issuable upon conversion of the Maximum Amount of up to $2,000,000
Note. The Shares shall be fully paid, validly issued and nonassessable upon exercise at a price of $0.198 per share ( the Exercise
Price which is equal to the Conversion Price, as defined in the Note). All terms not herein defined shall have the meaning
as set forth in the Note.

This is to Certify That, FOR
VALUE for each Share may be adjusted from time to time as hereinafter set forth. The Shares deliverable upon such exercise, as adjusted
from time to time, are hereinafter sometimes referred to as Warrant Shares, and the exercise price for a Share in
effect at any time, as adjusted from time to time, is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Exercise Price.

(a) EXERCISE
OF WARRANT. This Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time from the date hereof, and terminating at 5:00 p.m., New
York City time two years thereafter (the Expiration Date). Each Warrant not exercised on or before the Expiration
Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall cease at the close of business
on the Expiration Date. The Company may extend the duration of the Warrants with the consent of the Holder.

(1) This
Warrant may be exercised by presentation and surrender hereof to the Company at its principal office with the Purchase Form annexed hereto
(the Purchase Form) duly executed and accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares
specified in such Purchase Form (which may take the form of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section (a)(2) if so
indicated in the Purchase Form).

(2) The
Holder shall pay the Exercise Price in immediately available funds; provided, however, that the Holder may, in the Holders sole
discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall
issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares determined as follows:

X = Y(A-B)/A

where

X = the number of Warrant
Shares to be issued to the Holder.

Y = the total number
of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is being exercised.

A = the Fair Market
Value (as defined below) of one Share on the trading day immediately preceding the date on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant
by means of a cashless exercise.

B = the Exercise Price
then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For purposes of this Warrant,
Fair Market Value means, for any security as of any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that
applies: (a) if the Shares are then listed on a national securities exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Shares for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the trading market on which the Shares are then listed as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Shares are quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board or the OTC Market, the average closing bid price on such market for the five most recently completed trading days, (c) if
paragraphs (a) or (b) are not applicable, if an appraiser hired by the Company has provided a report on the fair market value of a Share
within the 12-month period preceding the date on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a cashless exercise,
the fair market value of a share of Shares as determined by such appraiser, or (d) if none of the foregoing is applicable, the price determined
by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith.

(b) Effective
Time of Exercise. Each exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to have been effected immediately prior to the close of business
on the day on which the Purchase Form has been delivered to the Company (the Exercise Date) as provided in Section
(a). At such time, the person or persons in whose name or names any certificates for Warrant Shares shall be issuable upon such exercise
as provided in Section (c) below shall be deemed to have become the holder or holders of record of the Warrant Shares represented
by such certificates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Holder or any assignee does not enter into the Shareholders Agreement
within three (3) business days of being requested to do so by the Company, then the exercise of this Warrant will be deemed to not have
been effective and void ab initio and the Holder or any assignee shall return any securities received by them pursuant to Section (c)
to the Company.

2

(c) Delivery
to Holder.

(1) As
soon as practicable after the exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, and in any event within five (5) business days thereafter,
the Company will cause to be issued in the name of, and delivered to, the Holder, or as such Holder (upon payment by such Holder of any
applicable transfer taxes) may direct:

(A) a
certificate or certificates for the number of Warrant Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled, and

(B) in
case such exercise is in part only, a new warrant or warrants of like tenor, exercisable for in the aggregate the number of Shares equal
(giving effect to any adjustment therein) to the number of Shares called for on the face of this Warrant minus the number of such shares
purchased by the Holder upon such exercise.

(2) To
the extent permitted by law and except as provided in this Warrant, the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or entity or any action
to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder
or any other person or entity of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other
person or entity, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in
connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant
to the terms hereof.

(d) RESERVATION
OF SHARES. The Company shall at all times reserve for issuance and/or delivery upon exercise of this Warrant such number of Shares
(as adjusted pursuant to the terms hereof) as shall be required for issuance and delivery upon exercise of this Warrant. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance
with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and nonassessable. The Company will take all such action
as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable
law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed.

(e) FRACTIONAL
SHARES. No fractional shares or scrips representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. With respect
to any fraction of a share called for upon any exercise hereof, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the fair market value of a Share.

3

(f) LOSS
OR DESTRUCTION OF WARRANT. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Warrant, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction) of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon surrender and cancellation
of this Warrant, if mutilated, the Company will execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date.

(g) RIGHTS
OF THE HOLDER. The Holder shall not, by virtue hereof, be entitled to any rights of a shareholder in the Company, either at law or
equity, and the rights of the Holder are limited to those expressed in this Warrant and are not enforceable against the Company except
to the extent set forth herein.

(h) CERTAIN
ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from
time to time as set forth in this Section (h).

(1) Share
Capitalizations and Sub-Divisions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) declares a share capitalization
on its Shares or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of shares that is payable in Shares, (ii) subdivides its outstanding Shares
into a larger number of shares, or (iii) combines its outstanding Shares into a smaller number of shares, then, in each such case, the
Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number Shares outstanding immediately before such
event and the denominator of which shall be the number of Shares outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section (h)(1) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this Section (h)(1) shall become
effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(2) Number
of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section (h)(1), the number of Warrant
Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment
the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(3) Fundamental
Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets or a majority of its Shares is
acquired by a third party, in each case, in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or a third party that is conducting such an offer pursuant to an agreement or arrangement with the Company) is completed
pursuant to which all or substantially all of the holders of Shares are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property, or (iv) the Company effects any reorganization or reclassification of Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision
or combination of Shares covered by Section (h)(1) above) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then
the Holder shall have the right thereafter to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or
property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without
regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect
any such Fundamental Transaction unless prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor to the Company, surviving
entity or the corporation purchasing or otherwise acquiring such assets or other appropriate corporation or Person shall assume the obligation
to deliver to the Holder, such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to
receive, and the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this Section (h)(3) shall similarly apply to subsequent
transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type.

4

(4) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section (h), the Company at its expense will, at the
written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare
a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant
Shares or other property issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments
and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of
each such certificate to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

(5) Notices
To Warrant Holders. So long as this Warrant shall be outstanding, (i) if the Company shall pay any dividend or make any distribution
of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Shares or (ii) if the Company shall offer to the holders of Shares for subscription
or purchase by them any share of any class or any other rights or (iii) if any capital reorganization of the Company, reclassification
of the shares of the Company, consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another corporation, sale, lease or transfer of all
or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company to another corporation, if the Company authorizes or approves, enters into
any agreement contemplating or solicits shareholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction (each as defined below) , or voluntary or
involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company shall be effected, then in any such case, the Company shall cause to
be mailed to the Holder, at least fifteen days prior the date specified in (x) or (y) below, as the case may be, a notice containing
a brief description of the proposed action and stating the date on which (x) a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution or rights, or (y) such reclassification, reorganization, consolidation, merger, conveyance, lease, Fundamental Transaction,
sales or issuances, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is to take place and the date, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders
of Shares or other securities shall receive cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, reorganization, consolidation,
merger, conveyance, lease, Fundamental Transaction, sales or issuances, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

(i) NOTICES.
Any notice or request hereunder shall be in writing and may be given only by, and shall be deemed to have been received upon: (a) registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, on the date on which such notice or request is received as indicated in such return receipt;
(b) delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier, one business day after deposit with such courier; or (c) facsimile or other
electronic transmission upon telephone or further electronic communication from the recipient acknowledging receipt (whether automatic
or manual from recipient) of such facsimile or other electronic transmission. In the case of the Company, such notices and communications
shall be addressed to Natures Miracle Holdings, Inc., [ADDRESS], Attn: [______________], unless the Company shall notify the Holder
that notices and communications should be sent to a different address (or facsimile number or electronic mail address), in which case
such notices and communications shall be sent to the address (or facsimile number or electronic mail address) specified by the Company.
In the case of the Holder, such notices and communications shall be addressed to its address as set forth in the signature page hereto,
unless the Holder shall notify the Company that notices and communications should be sent to a different address (or facsimile number
or electronic mail address), in which case such notices and communications shall be sent to the address (or facsimile number or electronic
mail address) specified by the Holder.

5

(j) NO
NET-CASH SETTLEMENT. Except as otherwise provided herein, in no event will the Holder be entitled to receive a net-cash settlement
or other consideration in lieu of physical settlement in securities.

(k) MODIFICATION
OF AGREEMENT. The provisions of this Warrant may from time to time be amended, modified or waived, by the Company and the holder of
this Warrant.

(l) CHARGES,
TAXES AND EXPENSES. Issuance and delivery of a reasonable number of certificates representing Shares upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense in respect
of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for
Warrant Shares or the Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all
other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

(m) SUCCESSORS
AND ASSIGNS. This Warrant and the rights of the Holder hereunder may not be transferred and/or assigned by the Holder in any way whatsoever,
and no transaction in respect thereof shall be made, either for consideration or for no consideration. This Warrant may not be assigned
by the Company without the written consent of the Holder except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant
shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and the Companys successors. Subject to the preceding sentence,
nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any person or entity other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable
right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder,
or the Companys successors.

(n) GOVERNING
LAW.

THIS WARRANT SHALL
BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

6

ANY LEGAL ACTION OR
PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS WARRANT SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS WARRANT, EACH PARTY HEREBY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND (TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW) IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH PARTY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS.
THIS SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION IS NON-EXCLUSIVE AND DOES NOT PRECLUDE A PARTY FROM OBTAINING JURISDICTION OVER ANOTHER PARTY IN ANY COURT
OTHERWISE HAVING JURISDICTION.

EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF
BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO IT AT THE ADDRESS SPECIFIED HEREIN OR SUCH
OTHER ADDRESS AS IS SPECIFIED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS HEREOF (OR ITS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION), SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE
30 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF A PARTY OR ANY HOLDER TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED
BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANOTHER PARTY IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

[remainder of page intentionally
left blank]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant
to be duly executed as of the date of this Warrant.

NATURES MIRACLE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Holder: 

Accepted and Agreed: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

8

PURCHASE FORM

Dated ____________________

(1) The
undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the within Warrant to the extent of purchasing Shares of [__________] Acquisition Corp.
(or such number of Shares or other securities or property to which the undersigned is entitled in lieu thereof or in addition thereto
under the provisions of the Warrant).

(2) _______ (a) The undersigned hereby elects to make payment with the enclosed bank draft, certified check
or money order payable to the Company in payment of the exercise price determined under, and on the terms specified in, the Warrant, or

_______ (b) The undersigned
hereby elects to make payment on a cashless basis.

(3) The undersigned hereby irrevocably
directs that the said shares be issued and delivered as follows:

Name(s) in Full 

Address(es) 

Number of Shares (net of any Shares
used to exercise on a cashless basis 

S.S. or IRS #

(4) If the Warrant was not exercised in full,
please check the following: ___

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
directs that any remaining portion of the warrant be issued and delivered as follows:

Name(s) in Full 

Address(es) 

Number of Shares 

S.S. or IRS
#

Signature of Holder 

Print Name 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023848401ex99-1_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED APRIL 14, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Natures Miracle Holding Inc. Announces Up to
$2,000,000 Financing

ONTARIO, Calif., April 14, 2025 /PRNewswire/
-- Natures Miracle Holding Inc. (NMHI) (Natures Miracle or the Company), a leader in vertical farming technology
and with new subsidiaries operating in bitcoin mining, data center management and electric vehicles, today announced that on
April 11, 2025, that it has successfully arranged financing with Big Lake Capital, LLC (the Investor) in the amount of up
to $2,000,000 with initial funding of $600,000. Big Lake Capital, LLC is controlled by Tie James Li who is our Chairman
and CEO.

Pursuant to the Convertible Promissory Note signed
on April 11, 2025, between the Company and Investor, the Investor shall invest shall lend to the Company for up to $2,000,000 with the
initial tranche of $600,000 which was funded on April 11, 2025. Terms include interest rate of 10% payable monthly and a term of one year.
The investor can choose to convert any amount funded plus accrued interest into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of
the Company (the Common Stock) at a conversion price equal to $0.198 or 110% of the closing price of the Common Stock on
April 11, 2025, the date of initial funding. As additional consideration, the Investor shall also receive warrants to purchase up to 10,010,101
shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price of $0.198.

About Natures Miracle Holding Inc.

Natures Miracle (www.Nature-Miracle.com)
is a growing agriculture technology company providing products and services to growers in the Controlled Environment Agriculture (CEA)
industry around the world. The company has recently launched EV and bitcoin businesses, all energy dependent as CEA. The Companys
Common Stock trades on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (OTC) under the symbol NMHI;

Forward-Looking Statements

The information in this press release includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, contemplate,
continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intends, may,
will, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project,
should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this press release may include, for example: the
intended use of proceeds from the offering; successful launch and implementation of Natures Miracles joint projects with manufacturers
and other supply chain participants of steel, rubber and other materials; changes in Natures Miracles strategy, future operations, financial
position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects and plans; Natures Miracles ability to develop and launch new products
and services; Natures Miracles ability to successfully and efficiently integrate future expansion plans and opportunities; Natures
Miracles ability to grow its business in a cost-effective manner; Natures Miracles product development timeline and estimated research
and development costs; the implementation, market acceptance and success of Natures Miracles business model; developments and projections
relating to Natures Miracles competitors and industry; and Natures Miracles approach and goals with respect to technology.

These forward-looking statements are based on
information available as of the date of this press release, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number
of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing views as of any
subsequent date, and no obligation is undertaken to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, actual results or performance may be materially different
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the
ability to maintain the listing of the Companys shares on the OTC; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the ability to implement
business plans, forecasts, and other expectations, and identify and realize additional opportunities; the risk of downturns and the possibility
of rapid change in the highly competitive industry in which Natures Miracles operates; the risk that Natures Miracles and its current
and future collaborators are unable to successfully develop and commercialize Natures Miracles products or services, or experience significant
delays in doing so; the risk that the Company may never achieve or sustain profitability; the risk that the Company will need to raise
additional capital to execute its business plan, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; the risk that the Company experiences
difficulties in managing its growth and expanding operations; the risk that third-party suppliers and manufacturers are not able to fully
and timely meet their obligations; the risk that Natures Miracles is unable to secure or protect its intellectual property; the possibility
that Natures Miracles may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and other risks and uncertainties
described in Natures Miracles filings from time to time with the SEC.

For more information, please contact:

Natures Miracle Holding, Inc. 

George Yutuc, CFO COO

george.yutuc@nature-miracle.com or

info@nature-miracle.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nmhiw-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nmhiw-20250411_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nmhiw-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nmhiw-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41977

Entity Registrant Name NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001947861

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-3986430

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3281 E. Guasti Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 175

Entity Address, City or Town Ontario

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91761

City Area Code 909

Local Phone Number 218-4601

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NMHI

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nature-miracle.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0238484-8k_natures.htm 
nmhiw-20250411.xsd 
nmhiw-20250411_lab.xml 
nmhiw-20250411_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-032589-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0238484-8k_natures_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001947861 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001947861 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC. 
DE 
001-41977 
88-3986430 
3281 E. Guasti Road 
Suite 175 
Ontario 
CA 
91761 
909 
218-4601 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
NMHI 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>